http://www.originaldating.com/frequently-asked-questions/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
How we handle your personal data
We are an established company and we pride ourselves on the responsible handling of the data we are trusted with. We use industry leading technology to keep your information as safe as we possibly can.
Privacy Statement
The purpose of this policy is to give you full awareness of how we will handle your personal data in line with UK data protection law and GDPR.
Use the links below to go directly to specific sections of our policy.
Who we are
Original Dating and Mixeo are trading names of The Business Refinery Limited. The company began trading in March 2003.
This policy refers to Original Dating and The Business Refinery Limited interchangeably.
The Business Refinery Limited is the data controller for all the personal data that you provide.
Our head office address is Original Dating, Unit 4 Hillgate Place, London, SW12 9ER, United Kingdom.
Lawful basis for collecting your data
We collect some personal data to facilitate the events that we organise. Therefore, collecting your data is necessary for us to perform the contract with you. We will treat your data in an appropriate and lawful manner, in accordance with UK data protection laws and GDPR - The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679.
What data we collect
When you register for an Original Dating event we collect the following personal information from you; your name, your gender, your phone number and your email address so that we can provide you with our services.
It should be noted that we do not store or have access to your payment details. These are securely handled via our payment provider and we do not have the ability to view your card details at any point, they are transmitted securely to our processor.
As a client we give you the option to add further details to create a profile. This profile is shown only to people you have met in person at our events. This optional data includes a profile image, your job title, date of birth (used to calculate your age) the approximate area where you live and the approximate area where you work along with a short bio.
We also record which events you have attended, and the preferences you select towards the guests you met at our events (IE Yes, Not or Friend), the matches you received and we store the transcripts of conversations that take place over our messaging system.
If you give us a friend's information during the booking process, we will use it to provide the services you request from us. Before you give us a friend's information (their name and email address), please be sure that you have your friend's permission to share that information with us.
Original Dating uses cookies to make our website work for you. To find out more about cookies, read our Cookie Policy.
Separately, if you chose to register advance interest in a special event or new event location or claim a special offer where we are considering organising an event we will collect your name, your email address and the approximate age group you wish to meet. This is because we need to contact you by email about said event, new location or special offer.
What we do with your data
We use the data to provide you with the dating event you wish to attend, and:
To provide you with products, services, account information and customer service.
For example, we will use your information to confirm your registration for an event or a change of venue. If you give us a friend's information, we will use it to provide services you request from us.
Before you give us a friend's information (their name and email address), please be sure that you have your friend's permission to share that information with us.
To contact you in connection with your transaction and events you attend.
For example, we may send you emails or SMS about your account or a ticket purchase or ask you if you would like to review an event you attended or if we have to change a date or venue.
We might also contact you about this policy or any of our other policies or terms.
To forecast trends and demand.
We occasionally your information to get to know what your preferences might be for future events so we can improve our services and so that your experience with us is more relevant.
To monitor and improve our events, services, and websites.
We analyse your information to understand our customer base in general. We do this so that we can make better decisions about our services, advertising and products.
For security purposes. We may use your information to protect the security of our company, employees, our customers, third parties and/or our/their property (including any events you may attend and our websites) as permitted by law.
For market research purposes
We may collect and process your personal information for the purposes of sales analysis and market research. Market research will be conducted by email.
To provide you with tailored advertising and online behavioural advertising.
We may work with other companies to show you advertisements we think you may find relevant and useful. This may include advertisements displayed on our own websites or apps, or advertisements from us displayed on other companies' sites or the content of our emails.
The advertisements you see may be based on information collected by us or third parties and/or may be based on your activities on our websites or third-party sites. This is often called 'online or third party behavioural advertising'. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information and the choices you have.
For marketing purposes. You may be contacted by us by email, text message, telephone or other means with information or offers regarding our upcoming events, (including newsletters).
As otherwise permitted by law. In limited circumstances, we may also use your information for other purposes where permitted by law.
To alert you to changes to our terms and conditions and/or privacy policy
Sharing information with other data processors
To provide your dating event services, we work with several suppliers such as Spondle Limited (website, app and database developers) Mail Chimp (who sends our emails), Stripe (online payments), Google (web analytics), ToText (SMS messaging) and Microsoft Azure (website hosting).
If you participate in a survey with us your survey responses will be processed by our survey supplier (Survey Monkey or Google Forms).
We will not share your personal data with any third parties.
Keeping your data safe
We ensure that all our suppliers process your data in an appropriate and lawful manner.
If you participate in a survey with us your data will be held with our supplier (Survey Monkey) in the United States under an EU approved data protection framework. It will be anonymised for reporting purposes and then deleted after 30 days.
How long we keep your data
Unless we receive a deletion request we will store your data indefinitely for some or all of the purposes listed above.
Your Rights
Subject access request
You have the right to request that we give you a copy of the data we hold about you. This is called a 'Subject Access Request'.
Right to deletion
You have the right to request that we delete any data that we hold on you. To do this, please contact us by email, write to us or call our phone number.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to request that we stop processing of your information:
if you believe the information that we hold is incorrect, or
if you can show that our processing is unlawful, or
if you want us to stop processing your data but you do not want us to delete it (for example, you may wish us to hold it for legal reasons, to defend a legal claim).
Right to rectification
If your details are incorrect and you have an Original Dating account, you can update them by logging on to My Account and updating them.
Or you can Contact Us to request that we update your information.
Contact us about your rights
To exercise any of your rights, please contact:
The Data Manager
Original Dating Unit 4 Hillgate Place London SW12 9ER
Email: info@originaldating.com
Complaints
You have the right to complain about our processing to the Information Commissioner if you believe we are not processing your data in a proper manner - see https://ico.org.uk/concerns/handling/ for more information.
Last updated 25 May 2018
<< Back to FAQS
Trustpilot
ORIGINAL DATING IN THE PRESS
HOW IT WORKS
The beauty of Speed Dating London lies in its no-nonsense approach. You take an equal number of single girls and guys, put them in a room and give them a few minutes to chat with every other member of the opposite sex.
When you get there
Original speed dating events in London normally begin at 7.30pm. You will need to register with our hosts and to begin with they will issue you with a score sheet. This will help you to keep track of the singles that you would like to meet again and perhaps go on a date with. After a short period of mingling, your host for the evening who will run through detailed instructions and give you your starting position if you are a guy or table for the event if you are girl.
Meet & Mingle
A London speed dating event is split into two halves, each lasting around an hour, there will be an interval at half time of about 15 minutes. You will have between 4 and 5 minutes with each person, after which you need to tick a box on your score sheet - "yes, I would like to meet this person again" or "no. Thanks but no thanks". Or "friend" if you'd like to get to know them platonically. Make sure that you do this after each date to keep track. Afterwards there is an opportunity for everyone to meet and mingle informally - this is often where the real action begins, so make sure you don't disappear too quickly!
Complete your score sheet
After the event you simply tick who you liked on the Original Dating website and the site works about your matches automatically. If the dates you have ticked as a "yes" have reciprocated you have a match. You will be able to view the first names and message them via our site online without revealing your email address until you are ready to. You'll be having proper first dates in no time.
And that's it. Simple? Yes. Fun? Most definitely. Great way to meet your perfect match? Without a doubt so book an event now and find out why the dating craze that started a decade ago is still going strong.
BOOK AN EVENT NOW
How about 10% off your next booking?
Email address
YES, PLEASE!
Thanks, check your email for your promo code.
Menu
Events
About us
FAQs
Blog
Contact us
Your account
Login to your account
LOGIN