http://www.matthew.co.uk/privacy-policy
HomeOur HistoryBook TicketsPrivate HireSchool TripsDonateResourcesContact
Privacy PolicyPrivacy notice
We take your privacy seriously and this Privacy Notice explains how we use any personal information we collect about you. The policy covers the following organisations collectively referred to below as "The Matthew" – The Matthew of Bristol Trust (the charity which owns The Matthew of Bristol), The Matthew (Ventures) Limited (the operator of the ship), Wakeham Marine Limited (provider of marine services to the operation of the ship).
Introduction - what is GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulation, known as GDPR, is legislation that governs how we use and protect your personal information. GDPR came into force 25th May 2018 and replaced the existing Data Protection Act or DPA. Further information on GDPR may be found at the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
How the law protects you
Data protection law says that we can use personal information only if we have a proper reason to do so. This includes sharing it outside of The Matthew. The law says we must have one or more of these reasons:
To fulfil a contract we have with you
When it is our legal duty
When it is in our legitimate interest
When you consent to it.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information.
What information do we collect from you?
We will collect information about you if you contact us for details about a trip on The Matthew or to use our services. This will include (non-sensitive) personal information such as your name, address and contact details. The information may be collected face to face (directly from you), by telephone, post email, or via digital forms on our website (such as when purchasing tickets).
No personal financial information is retained by us e.g. credit/debit card details. Where purchases are made via our website, you enter your details direct to our payments processing provider and we have no access to your credit card numbers. If you call our office to process a payment our staff enter your details direct to our payment processor and no credit card details are retained by us.
Where your data is processed by our third-party providers of services such as payment processing, feedback requests, accounting software or gift aid we have confirmed that they state that they comply with GDPR.
When you book a trip on The Matthew you will automatically be added to our Mailchimp email list. This is so we can keep you up to date on the trips we are offering in the future and any news. You may opt-out of receiving these by clicking 'unsubscribe' at the bottom of those emails or you can contact our office and we will remove your email address from the list.
You will receive a follow-up email from TripAdvisor after you have been on a trip with us to gather any feedback.
Why do we collect this information?
Information may be held by us for the following reasons allowed for by GDPR – legal, contractual or legitimate. Examples of these include:
Contractual – for example, where you place an order for goods and services with us and we need to retain details to enable us to fulfil that contract.
Legal – for example, we must retain records for tax, VAT and Companies Acts compliance. Also, where donations are made to the charity we are required to retain personal data to document the source of donations and any associated Gift Aid.
Legitimate – where data is required to enable us to communicate with you and organise services provided to you.
Marketing
We would like to send you information on events and other activities involving The Matthew which may be of interest to you. We can only use your personal information to send you marketing messages if we have your consent or a legitimate interest. That is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, email info@matthew.co.uk to update your preferences or click ‘unsubscribe’ on any marketing email you receive from us.
We will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside of The Matthew.
How long do you retain my information?
We retain your information for six years in accordance with UK Companies Acts legislation.
Sending data outside of the EEA
We only send your data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to providers of our email marketing, accounting and payments systems who also comply with GDPR.
How can I access or correct the information you hold about me?
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all your personal information, please email info@matthew.co.uk or write to us at the following address: The Matthew (Ventures) Limited, 26 Meredith Court, Canada Way, Bristol BS1 6XX. We will not make a charge for this service.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
How can I withdraw my consent?
You can withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. If this is so, we will tell you.
How can I make a complaint?
If you are not satisfied with our use of your personal information, our response to the exercising of your rights set out above, or if you believe us to be in breach of our data protection obligations, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office – find out on their website how to report a concern.
Other websites
We may share non-personal aggregate statistics (group) data about visitors to this website, use and other traffic patterns with connected, or third parties. We do not sell or share any information outside of The Matthew about you as an individual user of this website. When you view this website by linking from another web page, the Matthew may store the name of that web page for the purposes of internal administration and analysis.
Cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
Third-Party Cookies
To make it easy for you to use and share our website, we embed features from other websites such as Facebook, Twitter and TripAdvisor. Browsing The Matthew website may place cookies from these third-party websites on your computer. The Matthew has no control over these cookies, so it is not always possible to list them, and they are liable to change without notifying us.
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy notice only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy notices or policies.
Changes to our privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy notice was last updated on 26th April 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy notice or information we hold about you:
Email us at info@matthew.co.uk
Write to us at The Matthew (Ventures) Limited, 26 Meredith Court, Canada Way, Bristol, BS1 6XX.