http://www.prepinc.com/pages/privacy-policy
HomeShop
PREP 8.0Got Your BackWithin My ReachOn My ShouldersWinning The Workplace ChallengePersonality ToolProductos en EspañolFaith Based MaterialWalking the LineNo Training RequiredSelf HelpTraining CalendarGold Standard ResearchGrant HelpWhy get trained?Global Reach
PREP, Inc.  Privacy Policy
Effective May 19th, 2020.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices. To make this policy easy to find, we make it available on our homepage.  In this policy, "Personal Information" is defined as data and facts about you that is collected by PREP, Inc.
The Information We Collect
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the PREP, Inc. website. On some pages, you can order products. The types of Personal Information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit card information
Transaction Information
The Way We Use Information
PREP, Inc. does not sell, rent or provide your "Personal Information" to third parties.  Personal Information is kept for PREP Inc. business which is primarily used to assist you in your current or future purchases or in analyzing sales trends.
We use your Personal Information you provide about yourself when placing an order primarily to complete that order. Personal Information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material on occasion about new products or special promotions. Personal Information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the directions in those mailings.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to keep track of your shopping cart and your status as a trained leader for some of the restricted products.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. This Privacy Policy applies to the PREP, Inc. website and its affiliated websites only. We do not exercise control over the privacy practices or content of any of the external links. These external links may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. For example, we work to protect the security of your Personal Information during any transmission of same by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Opting Out Of Communications From PREP, Inc.
There is an unsubscribe link in every email that we send. You can be removed instantly from our list by clicking it.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may change or replace this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes, we will provide current customers with a revised notice that describes our new practices or a link to the new privacy policy.