http://www.iesna.org/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
I. INTRODUCTION
This website (“Website”) includes without limitation: (a) www.IES.org and other on-line services accessible via the Website (collectively the “Services”); (b) information such as technical, contractual, product, program, pricing, marketing, practice resources, and other valuable information (“Information”); and (c) content such as data, text, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, or other materials (“Content”). The Illuminating Engineering Society (“the IES”) controls and operates its websites from various locations and makes no representation that this Website is appropriate or available for use in all locations. If You are using the Website, You represent and warrant that You are authorized to accept these Terms.
II. USERS
TYPES OF USERS
Please be aware that certain activities on this Website are available only to persons who are covered under a paid membership or trial subscription agreement with the IES.
USERNAME AND PASSWORD
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password. You shall be responsible for all uses of your username, whether or not authorized by You. You agree to immediately notify the IES of any unauthorized use of your username and password.
YOUR OBLIGATIONS AND CONDUCT
In consideration of your use of the Website, You agree to: (a) maintain and promptly update any information You provide to the IES, to keep it accurate, current, and complete; and (b) accept all risks of unauthorized access to the information. You are entirely responsible for all Content that You upload, post or otherwise transmit via the Website. You agree not to upload, post, or otherwise transmit via the Website Content that: (a) is inaccurate, harmful, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, racist, violent, offensive, harassing, or otherwise objectionable to the IES or other users of the Website; (b) includes unauthorized disclosure of personal information; (c) violates or infringes anyone’s intellectual property rights; or (d) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment. The IES reserves the right to edit or remove Content that violates these Terms or that contains third-party commercial advertisements.You agree that You will not use the Website to: (a) transmit spam, bulk, or unsolicited communications; (b) pretend to be the IES or someone else, or spoof the IES’s or someone else’s identity; (c) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers (including URLs) in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Services; (d) misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (e) disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users’ ability to use the Website; (f) engage in activities that would violate any fiduciary relationship, any applicable local, state, national, or international law, or any regulations having the force of law, including but not limited to attempting to compromise the security of any networked account or site, stalking, or making threats of harm; or (g) collect or store personal data about other users unless specifically authorized by such users.You understand and agree that the IES may, at its sole discretion, repurpose any Content that You contribute to the Website. You further understand and agree that if a third party claims that any Content that You have contributed to the Website is unlawful, then You will bear the burden of establishing that the Content complies with all applicable laws. The IES reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to (a) remove any Content from the Website and (b) block access to the Website.
III. SITE USE
ACCESS AND USE
All materials contained in this Website are protected by international trademark and copyright laws and must only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes. This means that You may only view or download material from this Website for your own use and You must keep all copyright and other proprietary notices attached to the downloaded material.
The reproduction, duplication, distribution (including by way of email, facsimile, or other electronic means), publication, modification, copying, or transmission of material from this Website is STRICTLY PROHIBITED unless You have obtained the prior written consent of the IES or unless it is expressly permitted by this Website. The material covered by this prohibition includes, without limitation, any text, graphics, logos, photographs, audio or video material, or stills from audiovisual material available on this Website. The use of materials from this Website on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited. Requests for permission to reproduce or distribute materials found on this Website can be made by contacting ies@ies.org.
IV. AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES
While the IES will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Services are available at all times, the IES does not guarantee, represent, or warrant that your access to any of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free. In addition, while the IES makes reasonable efforts to ensure that all Content and/or information submitted by You to the IES will be secure, the IES does not guarantee that the Services will be free from loss, corruption, attack, viruses, “worms,” “Trojan horses,” or other harmful components, or from interference, hacking, or other security intrusions. The IES may change, suspend, or discontinue any of the Services at any time. The IES may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain features or portions of the Services, in any case without notice or liability.
V. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The IES’s Website may contain links to other sites. These sites are not controlled by the IES and the IES is not responsible for nor does it endorse any content contained on any such website. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible the privacy practices employed by other sites. As with our site, You should become familiar with any external party’s privacy policy when visiting that site.
VI. ADVERTISEMENTS AND PROMOTIONS
The IES runs advertisements and promotions from third parties on the Website. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than the IES found on or through the Website, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between You and such advertiser. The IES is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such non-IES advertisers on the Website.
The IES periodically records emails and other communications on this website for quality control purposes.
VII. PRIVACY POLICY
The IES will not release any member’s or non-member’s information without their explicit authorization. User privacy is protected in accordance with the respective user preferences, as indicated when a user sets up an account, in the MyProfile section.
VIII. EMAIL DISCLAIMER NOTICE
Any email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If You have received an email in error please notify the system manager. This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If You are not the named addressee You should not disseminate, distribute, or copy the email. Please notify the sender immediately by email if You have received this by mistake and delete it from your system. If You are not the intended recipient You are notified that disclosing, copying, distributing, or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited.
IX. Copyright and Permissions
COPYRIGHT
All materials produced and published by the Illuminating Engineering Society (IES) are copyrighted and protected by U.S. and International law and must only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes.
For more detailed information relating to authorized usage of IES copyrighted materials, please review our Terms of Use.
PERMISSIONS
Please contact Tim Licitra in order to secure permission to reproduce IES copyrighted material.
ADVERTISEMENTS