https://www.arcnj.org/about/privacy_policy.html
Skip to main content
About Us
Position Statement
Board of Directors
Mission and Core Values
Professional Staff
Local County Chapters
Privacy Policy
Employment
Directions
Contact Us
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.arcnj.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It notifies you of the following:
1.What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE AND SHARING
The Arc of new Jersey is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
The Arc of New Jersey will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask not to be contacted, The Arc of New Jersey may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You may opt out of any future contacts from The Arc of New Jersey at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting The Arc of New Jersey via the email address or phone number given on our website:
-See what data we have about you, if any.
-Change/correct any data we have about you.
-Have us delete any data we have about you.
-Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SECURITY
The Arc of New Jersey takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever The Arc of New Jersey collects sensitive information (such as credit card data) that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While The Arc of New Jersey uses encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which personally identifiable information is stored are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that The Arc of New Jersey is not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us immediately by telephone at 732.246.2525 or by email at info@arcnj.org.
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close
Our COVID-19 Information Page is updated regularly to keep you informed. Click here to see the page.
Dismiss