https://www.learnreligions.com/will-magic-help-you-win-the-lottery-2561439
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
RichLegg / Getty Images
Other Religions
Basics
Rituals and Ceremonies
Sabbats and Holidays
Wicca Gods
Herbalism
Wicca Traditions
Wicca Resources for Parents
By
Patti Wigington
Paganism Expert
B.A., History, Ohio University
Patti Wigington is a pagan author, educator, and licensed clergy. She is the author of Daily Spellbook for the Good Witch, Wicca Practical Magic and The Daily Spell Journal.
our editorial process
Facebook
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
Patti Wigington
Updated August 22, 2019
Every time a big Powerball payoff in history looms in front of us, there are plenty of people out there who’d like to win. Sometimes, that number gets up into the billions, and a lot of people who have never bought a lottery ticket decide it's time to take a chance and pick one or two up. So obviously, when something like this is coming up, the next question people often ask–at least in the Pagan community–is “Can I use magic to win the lottery?”
And the answer to that is a very unsatisfying “Maybe.” Let’s talk about why it’s a maybe rather than a yes.
Did You Know?
In 2007, the first — and possibly only — openly Wiccan lottery winner appeared, and said he'd prayed to the gods for assistance before buying his ticket.Don't fall for the online scammers that offer to sell you a "lottery spell" that's guaranteed to get you the big win. Statistically, most winning lottery tickets contain numbers that were randomly generated by computer, rather than selected by the purchaser.
Are You There, Gods? It’s Me, Lottery Ticket Holder
SIphotography / Getty Images
First, let’s take a look at potential ways you could use magic in this situation. One option is you could pray to your gods. After all, they’d probably love to see you happy, and maybe you’re going to be offering a bit of a transactional guarantee. If you win, for instance, you could promise the deities of your tradition that you’re going to build a spiritual retreat in their honor.
On the other hand, here’s something to keep in mind: why would the gods choose you over all the other people who are praying to them?
Has it been done? Sure! At the end of August, 2007, Ellwood "Bunky" Bartlett made headlines when he became the first openly Wiccan lottery winner of the MegaMillions jackpot. The media latched onto Bartlett almost immediately, in part because he's quite a colorful guy, and partly because he freely admitted he'd prayed to the gods for assistance before buying his ticket.
Money Mojo
Ivan-balvan / Getty Images
What about magic? Well, you could certainly do a money spell, assuming your tradition doesn’t have any prohibition against doing magic for personal gain. Even among those traditions that frown upon it, there tends to be a willingness to overlook such guidelines when we’re talking about a sum of money this substantial. Again, though – what makes your working more effective than the workings of the other three hundred Pagans in your city?
Also, while money magic is certainly something plenty of us do, don't fall for the online scammers that offer to sell you a "lottery spell" that's guaranteed to get you the big win. The fact is that a lottery win is anything but guaranteed, and anyone who tells you differently is a con artist who's just trying to empty your wallet.
In some magical traditions, it is believed that you have a more successful shot at money magic if you plan on what you'd actually do with the money. Would you buy a new house? Start a business? Fund your kids' education? Pay off loans? If you think this might help you, feel free to start visualizing your plans for how you'd spend your winnings.
Playing By the Numbers
There’s also numerology – many people put a lot of stock into the value of number symbolism. Each number is representative of something, so if you’ve got certain numbers that mean something to you, you could definitely select them as your numbers on your lottery ticket. However, statistically, most winning lottery tickets contain numbers that were randomly generated by computer, rather than selected by the purchaser, so keep that in mind as well. You might want to pick numbers based on numerology, or on relevant numbers to you personally, but your odds could be better if you let the machine do it for you.
Possibility vs. Probability
Alec051 / Getty Images
The bottom line? Keep in mind that successful magic is dependent upon two things–the possibility of it working, and the probability of it working. Is it possible you can use magic to win the lottery? Absolutely. Is it probable that you’ll be able to do so? Less likely–because your probability of winning, whether you use magic or not, is the same as everyone else’s.
According to CNN Money, you’re more likely to do these things than win the Powerball:
Have an IQ of 190 or greater (1 out of 107 million)Give birth to quadruplets, even without the help of fertility treatments - (1 in 729,000)Be killed by an asteroid strike (1 in 700,000)Being an American billionaire (1 in 575,097)Be killed by a lightning strike (1 in 164,968)Die by drowning (1 in 1,113)Be struck by lightning, while drowning (1 in 183 million)
Oh, and by the way, if you do win that billion dollar jackpot? The New York Times says to play it smart and take the thirty-year annuity.
Should You Pay For Online Spellcasting Services?
14 Magical Tools for Pagan Practice
An Introduction to Candle Magic
How to Write Your Own Spell in 5 Steps
What Is a Fluffbunny?
How to Make a Book of Shadows
Finding Your Magical Name
What is Lodestone?
Money Spells
Great Ways to Celebrate Yule With Kids
Witchcraft and Pregnancy
Crafts for the Ostara Sabbat
How Often Do Pagans Pray?
Mabon Craft Projects
Chamomile
Ten Magical Gifts to Share for Yule