https://www.eflegal.com/
Aux Menu
721 First Ave N. St. Petersburg, FL 33701727-898-7210 Fax 727-898-7218
Careers
Previous
Next
Creative, dynamic legal solutions
to fulfill our clients’ objectives
Learn More
Skilled trial lawyers
With over 100 years of knowledge and experience
Learn More
When it comes to litigation
Englander Fischer means business
Learn More
From entrepreneurs to conglomerates
and all businesses in between
Learn More
Boutique Mentality
AV-rated, board-certified quality
Learn More
Meet the Firm
Our team delivers aggressive, levelheaded advocacy with a commonsense approach to business and economic realities.
Our Firm
Join Our Team
We utilize a multi-disciplinary team philosophy with attorneys of varying specialties and points of view.
Careers
Meet with Us
Arrange a meeting to tell us your story. We are here to listen and help be your strategic business advocate and partner.
Talk to an Attorney
Get In Touch
About Englander Fischer
Diverse disciplines, unique perspectives and the singular objective of your success.
Englander Fischer is an aggressive, goal-oriented commercial law firm serving the business community in the Tampa Bay area and beyond. Our team approaches each case with a view to maximize its clients’ business goals.
Learn More
“Great leaders and great organizations are good at seeing what most of us can’t see. They are good at giving us things we would never think of asking for.”
– Simon Sinek, Start With Why
“Trust is maintained when values and beliefs are actively managed. If companies do not actively work to keep clarity, discipline and consistency in balance, then trust starts to break down.”
-Simon Sinek, Start with Why
“There is a difference between listening and waiting for your turn to speak.”
-Simon Sinek
“Believing that your competition is stronger and better than you pushes you to better yourselves.”
-Simon Sinek
Florida Legal Elite 2018
Lawyers of Distinction 2018
The Florida Bar
Super Lawyers
Peer Review Rated
Best Law Firms 2020
Business Litigation
Practice Areas
Our Firm
Success
Resources
Contact
Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2020 All rights reserved.
Designed & Developed by Bayshore Solutions.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Englander Fischer Update Regarding COVID-19 Pandemic
March 17, 2020
Dear Client,
In this time of confusion and doubt, with so many questions and few reliable answers, we write to
provide you with a definitive piece of news. We at Englander Fischer remain focused on you and
your legal needs. Many of you have already contacted us to review certain agreements and issues
in anticipation of the growing concern. Rest assured, we are open for business during normal
hours and are minimizing the risk of Coronavirus by encouraging some of our attorneys and staff
to work remotely where appropriate and consistent with the CDC’s guidelines. We continue to
utilize modern technology to facilitate virtual meetings, conferences, and even court hearings. Our
clients continue to be our top priority and we will do everything we can to assist you.
Sincerely,
LENNY S. ENGLANDER,
Founding Partner
COURTNEY L. FERNALD,
Managing Partner
×