http://www.unitedwaybroward.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Social Media
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Privacy Policy
United Way of Broward County is committed to honoring the privacy and the wishes of our supporters at all times. We collect and maintain only personal information that is specifically and knowledgeably provided to us by individuals or their companies. United Way of Broward County will never rent, exchange or sell information on our contributors. We will only share personally identifiable information with a third party if we are required to by law, it is necessary for completing an authorized operation, or if the person submitting the information asks that it be shared. We do maintain records on our contributors, which we regard as private and confidential and store securely with access limited to authorized staff.
There are opportunities within the website to provide United Way with contact information, such as when you email us for information or inquire about volunteering. If you provide us with this information, we may contact you for additional information or send you updates about how donations are being put to use in our community, such as our newsletter. You can contact us to restrict our use of your contact information at any time.
In addition, like almost all websites, we do collect broad, general statistical information about how visitors use our site, such as how often each page is visited, for the purpose of creating a better site for our community. We do not collect information on individual visits to the site.
There are links to other websites throughout our site, for the purpose of providing more useful and complete information to our visitors. We do not take responsibility for the contents or privacy practices of any website other than our own. If you have any questions about our privacy policies, please contact us.
Footer
© 2018 United Way of Broward
Privacy Policy
Site Map
A copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling 1-800-435-7352 within the state. Our Registration number is CH536. Registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the state. UWBC does not use paid solicitations and 100% of each contribution is received by UWBC.
Who We Are
Board of Directors
Financials
Management
Our Mission
Videos
What We Do
Health
Education
Financial Stability
Our Programs
Project Lifeline
MISSION UNITED
ReadingPals
United We End Homelessness
Commission on Behavioral Health & Drug Prevention
Choose Peace/Stop Violence
Success Stories
Get Involved
Volunteer
NextGen United
Women United
Alexis de Tocqueville Society
Legacy Giving
Outreach Groups
Campaign Central
Corporate Partnerships
Advocacy
Broward Youth Coalition (BYC)
Blog
Events
Premier Events
Trainings and Meetings
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn