https://www.catholicmission.org.au/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
1. Introduction
1.1 Catholic Mission takes your privacy seriously. Catholic Mission will never sell or rent your personal information to a third party.
1.2 We collect information on our website when a donor makes a contribution to the work of Catholic Mission or if a request is lodged for information concerning a particular issue. This information is used to develop relationships with our supporters and to continually enhance the Catholic Mission Web site. We hold our users and their privacy concerns in the highest regard. Maintaining privacy is critical to us. Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy for a better understanding of the measures we take to protect you.
1.3 We may make content or services from other Web sites, including our affiliated or co-branded ones, available to you from links located on the Catholic Mission website. These other Web sites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review each individual Web site’s Privacy Policy when asked for personal information when visiting them. While we attempt to carefully screen our partners, Catholic Mission assumes no responsibility for the Privacy Policies on any of the sites outside of its direct control.
1.4 Other countries have different laws that apply to the collection and use of personal information. We advise that you contact the Privacy Commissioner of the Government of the country concerned.
1.5 We are committed to providing you with an Internet experience that respects and protects your personal privacy choices and concerns.
2. What this Privacy Policy Covers
2.1 This Privacy Policy covers Catholic Mission treatment of personally identifiable information that Catholic Mission collects when you are on the Catholic Mission site, and when you use Catholic Mission’s services.
2.2 This policy does not apply to the practices of other Catholic Church sites or to people that Catholic Mission does not employ or manage.
3. Information Collection and Use
3.1 Personally identifiable information is information, such as your name, birth date, e-mail address or mailing address, that can be used to uniquely identify you.
3.2 Anonymous information is not personally identifiable information. Anonymous information is information about how you use our site (such as sites you visit and searches you do). Anonymous information also includes the domain names and/or the time of day the site was visited, and other non-personal information.
3.3 It is only when you complete a donation form or send a request for information that you will be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information.
3.4 Catholic Mission collects personally identifiable information when you register as a Catholic Mission donor, when you use certain Catholic Mission products or services, and when you enter promotions or surveys.
3.5 When you donate or ask for information from us, Catholic Mission, will ask for your name, address, email address, telephone and credit card details. Once you register with Catholic Mission and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
3.6 Your Credit Card details are collected via WebCentral’s ‘Easy Form’ using Secure Sockets Layers (SSL) technology. With SSL Credit Card information is securely encrypted as it travels across the Internet to Catholic Mission. The lock symbol on the user’s web browser will indicate when SSL is enabled.
3.7 We may conduct occasional online surveys and chat rooms to improve our service and to seek the opinions of our users. These surveys are entirely voluntary and you may easily decline to participate.
4. Information Sharing and Disclosure
4.1 Catholic Mission will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
4.2 We automatically collect IP usage information when you visit our Web site. This information helps us evaluate how our visitors use and navigate our site on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of visitors to each Web page, and the length of their visits. We do not monitor usage on an individual basis.
4.3 Catholic Mission will only send personally identifiable information about you to other organisations or people when: a) We have your consent to share the information. b) We need to share your information in order to provide the information or service you have requested. c) We need to send the information to a third party that work on behalf of Catholic Mission to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these organisations do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us).
4.4 Catholic Mission reserves the right to disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use. We may also disclose or use your personal information when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so.
4.5 If a governmental agency, or a law enforcement agency, requests information in relation to the identities of our user, we will comply with the request. If we receive a request by a third party that is not a governmental agency (for example, a request in connection with civil litigation), we will contact the user whose identity has been requested using the contact information the user provided during the registration process. We will wait 10 days after notifying the user before deciding whether to comply with the request by disclosing the identity of the user, unless the request requires us to disclose this information before then. If we cannot wait 10 days because of the deadline in the request, we will let the user know the deadline included in the request when we provide notice that we received it.
4.6 We will not share any anonymous information about your use of our site with third parties if we know that this information will be linked with your personally identifiable information obtained from another source, unless you have given us permission to do this.
4.7 We will not share with third parties any personally identifiable information about you that is of a medical, ethnic, financial or sexual nature which comes into our site through emails, chat rooms or surveys.
5. Cookies
5.1 Catholic Mission may set and access Catholic Mission cookies on your computer. This cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
5.2 Cookies do not damage your computer.
5.3 You can decide if you want to accept cookies by changing the settings on your computer. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent.
5.4 Catholic Mission allows other organisations that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. The way other organisations use their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other organisations do not have access to Catholic Mission cookies.
5.5 If you want to prevent a third-party ad server from sending and reading cookies on your computer, currently you must visit each ad network’s web site individually and opt out.
6. Banner Ads
6.1 Occasionally we may allow other organisations, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to display advertisements within our web pages.
6.2 Because your web browser must request these advertising banners from the ad network web site, these organisations can send their own cookies to your cookie file, just as if you had requested a web page from the site.
6.3 Please note that if an advertiser asks Catholic Mission to show an advertisement and you respond to that ad, the advertiser or ad-server may reasonably conclude that you accept the terms and conditions of their Privacy Policy.
7. Third-party Sites
7.1 No third-party sites are covered by our Privacy Policy, but we will make every effort to ensure that third party sites comply with our Privacy Policy.
8. How to Opt-Out
8.1 You must provide registration information when donating funds to or making an enquiry of Catholic Mission. However, you may choose to “opt out” of receiving further email contacts/newsletters from Catholic Mission when you complete a donation form or request for more information form or by contacting us by email.
9. Security
9.1 Any information you supply to Catholic Mission is protected for your privacy and security.
9.2 In certain areas Catholic Mission uses SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
10.1 Catholic Mission may edit this policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. However, please be assured that these changes will not use the personal information you submitted to us under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy without your prior consent.
10.2 We constantly improve the information and tools used to store data that you may provide to us. Please refer to this page from time to time to see these new features.
10.3 We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be posted to this page.
11. Security
11.1 We operate a secure web site protected by industry standard firewall and password protection. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of any data you may provide us.
11.2 Only certain employees have access to the information you provide us.
11.3 If any confidential or personally identifiable information is accessed by a third party, whether by negligence or otherwise of Catholic Mission, its agents, contractors, related bodies corporate, affiliates or associated parties, to the extent permitted by law, are not liable to you or to any person claiming through you in any way for any loss, damage, costs, liability or other form of contribution.
12. Comments or Suggestions
12.1 If you have questions or suggestions send an email.
12.2 If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact the Federal Privacy Commissioner.
Catholic Mission takes your privacy seriously. Catholic Mission will never sell or rent your personal information to a third party.