http://www.choctawnation.com/cnhsa-privacy-policy
CNHSA Privacy Policy | Choctaw Nation
Top Nav
Home
Chahta Achvffa
CDIB/Membership
News & Events
Employment
Main menu
History & Culture
History
Choctaw Nation Map
Choctaw/Irish Connection
Government Treaties
Hina Hanta: Choctaw Nation Museums Website
Historical Documents
Iti Fabvssa
Obituary
People
Artist Registry
Chiefs
Choctaw Nation Video
Code Talkers
Original Enrollees
What Inspires You?
Language
About Choctaw Language
Classes
Lessons
Lesson of the Day
Heritage & Traditions
Ceremonial Dress
Choctaw Games
Choctaw Veterans
Children's Stories
Early Choctaw Traditional Arts
Food
Heritage Day
Hunting
Marriage
Tribal Services
Membership
CDIB/Membership
CDIB Policy
Genealogy
Voter Registration
Cultural Services
Cultural Activities & Events
Cultural Affairs & Arts Education
Historic Preservation
Moccasins
Museum
Traditional Textile Workshop
Education
Early Childhood
Kindergarten-5th Grade
Grades 6th-8th
Grades 9th-12th
Post-Secondary
Outside The 10.5 Counties
Career Development
Chahta Foundation
Health Services
About
Virtual Medical Visits
Choctaw Nation Wellness Centers
CNHSA Residency Program
Eyeglasses, Dentures, Hearing Aids
Health Facilities
Medical Services
Pharmacy Services
Promoting Active Communities Everywhere (PACE)
Oklahoma Waiver Services for Medicaid
Housing
About
Homeowners Services
Home Finance
Rental Property Services
Storm Shelters
Contact Housing
Envision Center
Service Coordination
Member Services
Community Centers
Chahta Achvffa Member Portal
Children & Family Services
Children's Health Insurance
Choctaw Car Tag
Choctaw Child Care Assistance
Choctaw Nation Recycling Center
Choctaw Nation WIC Program
Credit Program
Domestic Violence
Emergency Services
Family Solutions
Food Distribution
Foster Care & Adoption
General Assistance
Home Energy Assistance(LIHEAP)
Hunting and Fishing License Information
Injury Prevention Program
Job for the Day
Member Legal Assistance Program
Next Step Initiative
Parents as Teachers
Program and Services Booklet
Reclaim Life
Reintegration
Choctaw Small Business Development
Student Activity Fund
Success for Choctaw Youth
Teen Parents
Teen Pregnancy Prevention
Tribal Burial Services
Tribal Member and Employee Discounts
Veterans Advocacy
Victims Assistance
Vocational Rehabilitation Program
Youth Outreach
Youth Events and Activities
Elder Services
Community Health
Elder Advocacy
Eyeglasses, Dentures, Hearing Aids
Family Caregivers Program
Family Solutions
Farmers Market
Food Distribution
Healthy Aging
Government
Tribal Council
Council Meetings and Bills
Executive Branch
Judicial Branch
Tribal Elections
Business
Division of Commerce
About Division of Commerce
Choctaw Careers
Procurement Groups
Promise Zone Information
Division of Commerce Agriculture
Division of Commerce Departments
Small Business Development Services
Tourism
Choctaw Business
Choctaw Casinos
Choctaw Defense Services
Choctaw Global Staffing
Chili's
Choctaw Country Market
Choctaw Print Services
Travel Plazas
Employment
Preferred Supplier Program
Gaming Commission
About us
Vendors
Associates
C.N.G.C Staff
Regulations
Responsible Gambling
License Verification
FAQ
Contacts & Applications
Application for Assistance
Change of Address
Other Applications
Membership Information
CDIB/Membership Application
Voter Registration
CDIB/Membership FAQ
Application For Indian Preference
Relinquishments & Documentation
Research Resources
Dawes Commission Rolls
Suggestions
Media Room
Homepage
CNHSA Privacy Policy
Choctaw Nation Health Services Authority Privacy Policy Statement
This Privacy Policy applies to all IHS webpages.
We do not collect personally identifiable information (PII) or personally identifiable health (PHI) information unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Any personal information you choose to provide is protected by security practices.
Non-personal information related to your visit to our website may be automatically collected and temporarily stored.
IHS does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors unless required for law enforcement or by Federal law.
Health Information PrivacyFor more information on your health information privacy and security rights, or on the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules, visit the HHS Office for Civil Rights or contact the Choctaw Nation office of privacy at 580.924.8280 ext. 4735
Information Automatically Collected and Stored:
When you browse through our website, we gather and temporarily store technical information about your visit. This information does not identify who you are. The information we collect includes:
The name of the domain you use to access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are using an American Online account, or stanford.edu, if you are connecting from Stanford University's domain);
The date and time of your visit;
The pages you visited; and
The address of the website you came from when you came to visit.
We use this information to improve our website and provide a better user experience for our visitors. We use a tool, Google Analytics, to collect and summarize this information. This information is available only to web managers and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. It is retained only for as long as needed for proper analysis.
Cookies
Cookies from Choctaw Nation web pages only collect information about your browser's visit to the site; they do not collect personal information about you. Personal information will never be collected from you without your permission and will be clearly identified on Choctaw Nation websites where that information is necessary.
There are two types of cookies, single session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent). Session cookies last only as long as your web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods.
We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site. These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site. The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as "Usage Tier 1-Single Session." The policy says, "This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies."
We use multi-session cookies, or persistent cookies, to customize our website for frequent visitors and to test variations of website design and content. Multi-session cookies are cookies that are stored over more than a single session on your computer. Our multi-session cookies are set to expire two years after your last visit to our website. After two years, they are automatically deleted from your computer. IHS is unable to identify an individual by using such technologies.
You can take actions to block cookies by (Need Link) . Blocking session cookies from your computer will not affect your access to the content and tools on our website. Blocking multi-session or persistent cookies may affect the personalization of the information on those sites.
Visiting an Official Choctaw Nation Page on Third-Party Websites
We maintain accounts on third-party websites, such as social media sites, as tools to better interact with the public. The security and privacy policies of third-party websites apply to your activity on those sites. Users of third-party websites often share information with the general public, user community, and/or the third-party operating the website. You should review the privacy policies of all websites before using them and ensure that you understand how your information may be used. You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party website to match your preferences.
Choctaw Nation Accounts
Common third-party website privacy policies used by Choctaw Nation include:
Google and YouTube Privacy Policy
Facebook Date Use Policy
Facebook Privacy Page
Yahoo Flickr Privacy Policy
Twitter Privacy Policy
Linkedin Privacy Policy
AddThis Privacy Practices
Information Collected and Used from Third-Party Websites
If you have an account with a third-party website, and choose to follow, like, friend, or comment on a third-party website managed by Choctaw Nation, certain personal information associated with your account may be made available to us based on the privacy policies of the third-party website and your privacy settings within that website. We do not share personally identifiable information made available through these websites.
Personal Information Voluntarily Submitted to Choctaw Nation
If you choose to provide Choctaw Nation with personal information -- for example by completing a "Contact Us" form, leaving a comment, sending email, or completing a survey -- we may use that information to respond to your message and/or help us get you the information or services you requested. Submitting personal information (name, email address, etc.) is voluntary and is not required to access information on our website.
We retain the information only for as long as necessary to respond to your question or request. Information submitted electronically is maintained and destroyed as required by the Federal Records Act and records schedules of the National Archives and Records Administration. It may be subject to disclosure in certain cases (for example, if required by a Freedom of Information Act request, court order, or Congressional access request, or if authorized by a Privacy Act System of Records Notice). It is subject to the Privacy Act if maintained in a Privacy Act system.
Website Security
This site is maintained by the Choctaw Nation. It is protected by Tribal and federal laws. You can be arrested and prosecuted for violating these laws.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we employ software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations, and pursuant to any required legal process, information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual.