http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/legal/lgln/summer.2003.html
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 June 2003
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013,
212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Fred Bernstein, Esq., New York City; Joshua Feldman, Student, NY Law
School '05; Joseph Griffin, Student, NY Law School '05; Alan J. Jacobs, Esq., New York City;
Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York City; Mark Major, Esq.,
New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., Washington, D.C.; Tara Scavo, Alumna, NY Law School
'03; Daniel R Schaffer, New York City; Audrey E. Weinberger, Student, NY Law School '05;
Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le_gal@earthlink.net.
Inquire for subscription rates.
(C) 2003 by the Lesbian & Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
SUPREME COURT INVALIDATES LAWS AGAINST CONSENSUAL SODOMY;
MAJORITY VOTES TO OVERRULE _BOWERS V. HARDWICK_
In a ruling that totally demolishes the precedent of _Bowers v. Hardwick_, 478 U.S. 186 (1986),
the U.S. Supreme Court held on June 26 that state laws criminalizing consensual, private non-commercial sex between adults violate the individuals' liberty interests under the Due Process
Clause of the 14th Amendment. _Lawrence v. Texas_, 123 S.Ct. 2472, 2003 WL 21467086.
Writing for the Court, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy asserted that "_Bowers_ was not correct
when it was decided, and it is not correct today.
It ought not to remain binding precedent.
_Bowers v. Hardwick_ should be and now is overruled." The immediate effect of the decision
was to reverse the convictions of petitioners John Geddes Lawrence and Tyron Garner under the
Texas Homosexual Conduct Law and to render that law unenforceable in cases of private, adult
consensual sex, as well as to signal the invalidity of the remaining sodomy laws in other states as
applied to such conduct.
Joining Justice Kennedy's opinion were Justices John Paul Stevens (who had dissented in
_Bowers_), David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.
In a separate opinion,
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor argued that the Texas Homosexual Conduct Law should be struck
down as a violation of the Equal Protection Clause, but she refused to join in overruling
_Bowers_, a case in which she had voted with the majority to uphold Georgia's sodomy law
against a 14th Amendment due process challenge.
The entirely predictable dissenters were Chief
Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas, with written
opinions by Scalia and Thomas.
Scalia's fulminating dissent was lengthier than Kennedy's
opinion for the 5-member majority.
Lambda Legal represented Lawrence and Garner, Texas men who were arrested in Lawrence's
bedroom when police officers responding to a false report discovered them engaged in anal
intercourse.
A local cooperating attorney in Houston, Mitchell Katine, represented the
defendants in the Texas trial courts, and Lambda Legal Director Ruth Harlow presented their
argument to the Texas Court of Appeals.
Paul Smith, an appellate advocate at the D.C. office of
Jenner & Block, argued the case before the Supreme Court as a cooperating attorney for Lambda.
Lawrence and Garner originally pled guilty in a Justice of the Peace court but preserved their
constitutional challenge to the statute for appeal.
The Texas statute, as its name suggests,
criminalizes sexual contact between persons of the same sex, while imposing no liability on
opposite-sex partners who engage in the same kind of conduct.
It was adopted during the 1970s
after a three-judge district court had declared unconstitutional a predecessor felony sodomy law
that applied to all anal or oral sex regardless of the gender of the parties.
The defendants
achieved a brief success on appeal in the Texas courts, when a three-judge appellate panel agreed
with them that the state's sodomy law violated their state and federal constitutional rights, but the
en banc 14th District Court of Appeal reversed, citing _Bowers v. Hardwick_ as dispositive.
See
41 S.W.3d 349 (Tex. App. 2001).
The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, the highest state
appellate court for criminal cases, declined to review the case.
When Lambda Legal petitioned for certiorari, they had a strategic decision to make: whether to
mount a narrowly-focused equal protection challenge, or whether to attempt to topple all the
remaining state sodomy laws by asking the Court to find a due process violation and overrule
_Bowers_.
Lambda decided to ask the Court to overrule _Bowers_ as well as to address both
equal protection and privacy issues, and, to the surprise of many, the Court included that all three
questions in its order granting certiorari.
Lambda decided the risk of defeat was worth taking in light of the changes that had occurred
since _Bowers_ was decided, including several state sodomy law invalidations, both judicially
and legislatively, significant changes in public opinion, and subsequent decisions by the Court
indicating some receptivity to a broader holding, most notably _Romer v. Evans_, the 1996 case
in which Justice Kennedy, writing for a six-member majority of the Court, found that there was
no rational basis for Colorado to have amended its state constitution to prohibit any policy
protecting gay people from discrimination.
The gamble paid off handsomely, as the Court took
the bait and overruled _Bowers v. Hardwick_..
Kennedy's opinion, after a brief preamble summarizing his view of the Court's "liberty"
jurisprudence that clearly flags the outcome of the case, immediately addressed _Bowers_, which
was the main obstacle to a constitutional challenge.
After reviewing the key Supreme Court
privacy precedents that led up to _Bowers_, Kennedy asserted that the Court erred in _Bowers_
in several respects, including how it conceptualized the case, how it relied on incomplete or
distorted history to find support for the contention that the case did not involve a deeply-rooted
right protected by substantive due process, and how _Bowers_ was out of step with the emerging
international human rights consensus.
Writing for the majority in _Bowers_, Justice Byron White had framed the question as whether
the constitution "confers a fundamental right upon homosexuals to engage in sodomy." Kennedy
found this to be a distorted view of what the case was about, as had Justice Harry Blackmun in
his dissenting opinion in _Bowers_. "That statement, we now conclude, discloses the Court's
own failure to appreciate the extent of the liberty at stake," wrote Kennedy.
While the
challenged statutes directly regulate conduct, to focus narrowly on that trivializes the interests
involved. "To say that the issue in _Bowers_ was simply the right to engage in certain sexual
conduct demeans the claim the individual put forward, just as it would demean a married couple
were it to be said marriage is simply about the right to have sexual intercourse.
The laws
involved in _Bowers_ and here are, to be sure, statutes that purport to do no more than prohibit a
particular sexual act.
Their penalties and purposes, though, have more far-reaching
consequences, touching upon the most private human conduct, sexual behavior, and in the most
private of places, the home.
The statutes do seek to control a personal relationship that, whether
or not entitled to formal recognition in the law, is within the liberty of persons to choose without
being punished as criminals."
In _Bowers_, Justice White had insisted that in order to achieve constitutional protection, the
conduct had to be something that was historically valued and protected, and cited the long history
of sodomy laws for the proposition that "homosexual sodomy" enjoyed no such status.
Kennedy
noted that the historical aspect of the _Bowers_ opinion had attracted much adverse criticism,
due to its oversimplification of the situation regarding ancient laws.
Until relatively recently, all
sodomy laws in the U.S., deriving from the statute passed by the English Parliament during the
reign of Henry VIII, were concerned only with acts and not with the sex of those engaging in
them.
Indeed, as Kennedy notes, contemporary historians of human sexuality have argued that
the concept of "the homosexual" did not exist as such, either in popular understanding or in the
eyes of the law, until late in the 19th century, and it was not until the 1970s, when legislatures
were getting around to modernizing their penal codes in light of the recommendations put forth
by the American Law Institute in its Model Penal Code, that U.S. sodomy statutes were enacted
focusing solely on same-sex conduct, and even then only in a handful of states.
(On the date
_Lawrence_ was decided, the only states that penalized solely same-sex conduct were the
geographically contiguous states of Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas and Missouri.)
Thus, the
historical record does not support Justice White's assertion that there is a long history of singling
out homosexual conduct, as such, for condemnation. "In summary, the historical grounds relied
upon in _Bowers_ are more complex than the majority opinion and the concurring opinion by
Chief Justice Burger indicate.
Their historical premises are not without doubt and, at the very
least, are overstated."
Kennedy conceded that White and Burger were correct on a more general level in contending that
there was not a historical tradition of favorable views towards homosexuality, but noted that the
ground has shifted in the past half century, beginning with the ALI's recommendation to
decriminalize private, adult consensual sex, the subsequent law reform in many U.S.
jurisdictions, and the reformist move in English flowing from the Wolfenden Committee report
and leading to repeal of the sodomy laws in Great Britain in 1967.
Kennedy also noted that the
European Court of Human Rights had invalidated Northern Ireland's sodomy law several years
prior to _Bowers_.
And Kennedy observed that since _Bowers_, judicial and public opinion has
moved on.
More states have invalidated sodomy laws through judicial action and there have
been more legislative repeals, reducing the number of states with actively, enforceable sodomy
laws to just 13.
(In an interesting coincidence pointed out in some media reports after the
decision was announced, all of those thirteen states cast their electoral votes for George Bush in
2000.)
Kennedy also pointed to subsequent developments in Supreme Court opinions, including the
newly energized "liberty" jurisprudence under the Due Process Clause that emerged from the
Court's decision reaffirming the right of abortion in _Planned Parenthood v. Casey_, 505 U.S.
833 (1992), and the opinion in _Romer v. Evans_, 517 U.S. 620 (1996), in which Kennedy,
writing for the Court, struck down Colorado Amendment 2 as a measure adopted as an
expression of anti-gay bias.
_Romer_ was decided as an equal protection case; Kennedy
acknowledged that _Romer_, in that respect, provides the basis for a "tenable argument" to strike
down the Texas statute, but he clearly wanted to issue a ruling that would affect all the existing
sodomy laws, stating: "Were we to hold the statute invalid under the Equal Protection Clause
some might question whether a prohibition would be valid if drawn differently, say, to prohibit
the conduct both between same-sex and different-sex participants." Kennedy then goes on to
assert that protecting individual rights under the rubric of "liberty" also advances the equal
protection interests in the case.
Justifying the broader due process approach, he argued: "If
protected conduct is made criminal and the law which does so remains unexamined for its
substantive validity, its stigma might remain even if it were not enforceable as drawn for equal
protection reasons.
When homosexual conduct is made criminal by the law of the State, that
declaration in and of itself is an invitation to subject homosexual persons to discrimination both
in the public and in the private spheres.
The central holding of _Bowers_ has been brought in
question by this case, and it should be addressed.
Its continuance as precedent demeans the lives
of homosexual persons."
It is well to pause at this point and wonder where this rhetoric of respect came from, since it is
not characteristic of prior Supreme Court opinions.
Respect for human dignity is not a principle
clearly articulated in the Constitution or previously developed at any length in American
constitutional law as an articulated premise.
One suspects that Justice Kennedy (or his clerks)
has been influenced by the rhetoric of the European Court of Human Rights and of the Canadian
courts in recent decisions concerning legal recognition for same-sex partners and marriage rights.
The European Charter does speak in terms of "respect" for private life, and such language was
especially prominent in the Ontario Court of Appeals marriage ruling that emerged just weeks
before _Lawrence_.
Perhaps this is a case where, unusually, the Supreme Court of the U.S. is
being influenced by the rulings of non-U.S. courts on a matter that implicates human rights at a
fundamental level.
Certainly, Justice Kennedy's citation of judicial developments in Europe and
elsewhere was seen by many commentators as noteworthy and, in the context of a majority
opinion, perhaps unprecedented in the Supreme Court's practice.
Kennedy continued by noting the ways in which enforcement of sodomy laws results in stigma
and disadvantage to those caught in the net, and rehearses the sharp criticisms of _Bowers_ by
legal commentators.
Interestingly, Kennedy cited books by two conservative legal scholars,
Charles Fried and Richard Posner, to support this point, perhaps intending to signal that the
approach he is taking here is consistent with conservative political values.
(A prominent citation
to the amicus brief filed by the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank, is another instance of this.)
Kennedy then grappled with the issue of stare decisis, and what principles should govern when
the Court is asked to overrule a relatively recent precedent.
He noted that issues of stare decisis
differ depending on the nature of the case, and that the doctrine has less of a role to play in
constitutional adjudication than in statutory adjudication, especially where the case did not, in his
view, implicate a prior holding upon which people had extensively relied in structuring their lives
(by contrast with the abortion decisions).
Indeed, he found _Bowers_ was not a strong precedent
to rely upon in light of developments subsequent to its issuance.
"The rationale of _Bowers_ does not withstand careful analysis," Kennedy asserted, following
with a lengthy quotation from Justice Stevens' dissent in the earlier case. "Justice Stevens'
analysis, in our view, should have been controlling in _Bowers_ and should control here."
Emphasizing that this was a case involving adults engaged in private consensual activity,
Kennedy insisted that the petitioners "are entitled to respect for their private lives. . . . The State
cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making their private sexual conduct a
crime.
Their right to liberty under the Due Process Clause gives them the full right to engage in
their conduct without intervention of the government." Kennedy concluded by invoking the
concept of development of constitutional principles in response to societal change, throwing
Justice Scalia some red meat for his ensuing attack.
Kennedy never directly addressed in his opinion, in terminology familiar from prior case law,
whether the claimed right in this case was a fundamental right, or what level of judicial scrutiny
should be used to evaluate the state's asserted interests in abridging it.
As in his opinion in
_Romer v. Evans_, Kennedy evaded the more usual type of constitutional analysis familiar from
law school Constitutional Law classes and law review articles by asserting his conclusion
strongly without providing a clear analytical framework for reaching it, thus laying the opinion
open to severe criticism from Scalia, the former law professor and pedant.
In her concurring opinion, Justice O'Connor noted that she had joined the opinion in _Bowers_
and would not now join the Court in overruling it, for reasons she does not articulate.
But she
then immediately stated her agreement that the Texas law is unconstitutional, invoking the Equal
Protection Clause.
Without engaging in any self-conscious discussion of whether sexual
orientation is a suspect classification, she assumed that this case implicates the kind of
"searching" rationality review characteristic of cases where "the challenged legislation inhibits
personal relationships."
She argued that although the Court found in _Bowers_ that the state's
moral choice to condemn homosexual conduct was sufficient rational basis to withstand a due
process challenge, such a justification would not suffice in an Equal Protection case subject to
such "searching" review.
Perhaps she was trying to make the point that the history of moral
disapproval embodied in sodomy statutes generally has been a disapproval of sodomy, not
homosexuality, as such, another way of making the same point Kennedy was making in his
critique of the _Bowers_ decision's historiography.
For O'Connor, moral disapproval of
particular conduct will suffice to preserve the statute in a Due Process challenge, but moral
disapproval of a group of people, subjecting them to a different rule of law, may not be
constitutionally defensible.
Hair-splitting?
O'Connor rejected the absurd argument that Texas made before the Court that the statute does
not discriminate against gay people because even heterosexuals are forbidden to engage in
homosexual acts. "While it is true that the law applies only to conduct, the conduct targeted by
this law is conduct that is closely correlated with being homosexual," she wrote. "Under such
circumstances, Texas' sodomy law is targeted at more than conduct.
It is instead directed toward
gay persons as a class." (Interesting to observe that Kennedy insists on referring to
"homosexuals" while O'Connor speaks of "gay persons.")
O'Connor finds confirmation of her
view that the Texas sodomy law is directed toward gay people as a "class" in the way the Texas
courts treat defamation claims; they view a false imputation of homosexuality as per se
defamatory, based on the notion that it is, in effect, the imputation of criminal conduct.
In a prior
Texas case in which the sodomy law was challenged, a Texas appellate panel had stated: "The
statute brands lesbians and gay men as criminals and thereby legally sanctions discrimination
against them in a variety of ways unrelated to the criminal law."
Both Kennedy and O'Connor insisted that this decision would not necessarily determine other
hotly argued gay rights issues, such as same-sex marriage.
As noted above, Kennedy stated that
sodomy laws "do seek to control a personal relationship that, whether or not entitled to formal
recognition in the law, is within the liberty of persons to choose without being punished as
criminals." O'Connor, speaking more directly to the point, stated that the unconstitutionality of
the sodomy law "does not mean that other laws distinguishing between heterosexuals and
homosexuals would similarly fail under rational basis review.
Texas cannot assert any legitimate
state interest here, such as national security or preserving the traditional institution of marriage.
Unlike the moral disapproval of same-sex relations - the asserted state interest in this case -
other reasons exist to promote the institution of marriage beyond mere moral disapproval of an
excluded group." But she does not specify what those reasons are.
Justice Scalia wrote his usual venom-filled dissent, accusing the majority of the court of having
enlisted in the "so-called homosexual agenda," which he then defined as attempting to achieve
real equality and an end to any social stigma for gay people.
Sounds like an eminently
reasonable agenda to me, but I'm unaware that any representative enclave of gay people has
actually adopted it formally.
Scalia's opinion is consumed with taking pot-shots at the majority
and concurring opinions for their analytical weaknesses and failures to engage in traditional
constitutional analysis, and asserts that the majority has basically enlisted in the "culture wars"
on the side of the homosexuals.
Justice Thomas's brief dissent is more tempered and actually
surprising in some respects.
Harking back to Justice Potter Stewart's dissent in _Griswold v.
Connecticut_, 381 U.S. 479 (1965), in which Stewart referred to the anti-contraception law as
"uncommonly silly," Thomas found that description appropriate for the Texas Homosexual
Conduct Law and said, "If I were a member of the Texas Legislature, I would vote to repeal it.
Punishing someone for expressing his sexual preference through noncommercial consensual
conduct with another adult does not appear to be a worthy way to expend valuable law
enforcement resources." But he goes on to say that he can't find in the text of the constitution the
rights of privacy or liberty described by Justice Kennedy, so as a judge he lacks the authority to
invalidate the statute.
Perhaps the best way to conclude this brief description of the case is to quote Justice Kennedy's
preamble. "Liberty protects the person from unwarranted government intrusions into a dwelling
or other private places.
In our tradition the State is not omnipresent in the home.
And there are
other spheres of our lives and existence, outside the home, where the State should not be a
dominant presence.
Freedom extends beyond spatial bounds.
Liberty presumes an autonomy of
self that includes freedom of thought, belief, expression, and certain intimate conduct.
The
instant case involves liberty of the person both in its spatial and more transcendent dimensions."
Continuing a course set in _Planned Parenthood v. Casey_, the Court majority no longer speaks
in terms of privacy, but instead couches its decision in the text of the 14th Amendment by
invoking "liberty" as the interest it is protecting.
Justice Scalia's concern about the Court enlisting in the "so-called homosexual agenda" sparks
an ironic observation: a few days after the decision was released, Lambda Legal announced to the
world that it had established a website detailing the plan of action for establishing gay legal
equality in light of the _Lawrence_ decision.
So now there is a gay legal agenda, posted on the
Internet, but it seems a bit different from the one foreseen by Scalia, since Lambda is not
particularly concerned with attacking laws on incest, masturbation and polygamy.
Lambda's
"agenda" can be viewed at Lambda's website: www.LambdaLegal.org.
Another irony worth noting is that Justice Kennedy was appointed to the Court to take the seat
vacated by the retirement of Justice Lewis F. Powell, who was the "swing" vote in _Bowers_ and
who, after retiring from the Court, stated publicly that he had come to believe that the case
should have come out differently and he regretted his vote.
Sitting in Justice Powell's place,
Kennedy now asserts, as Powell came to believe, that _Bowers_ was wrongly decided.
Poetic
justice, in more ways than one!
The breadth of Justice Kennedy's rhetoric led to much speculation about how _Lawrence_ would
be construed as a precedent by the lower courts and in subsequent Supreme Court decisions
raising due process and equal protection claims.
One hint was given the next day, when the
Court acted on a pending cert. petition in another case (see below).
There was immediate
speculation that the ruling made the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" military policy much more
vulnerable to attack, grounded as it was in anti-gay antipathy overtly expressed in the
Congressional findings leading to its adoption (10 U.S.C. sec. 654).
This issue may play out
quickly, as Loren S. Loomis, a former Army lieutenant colonel who was discharged for being gay
in 1997 filed a federal lawsuit on July 8 challenging the constitutionality of the policy and
seeking to have his discharge reversed and his service record corrected.
Much is at stake for Mr.
Loomis, whose discharge came shortly before he would have earned the right to a substantial
military pension after nearly two decades of honorable service, including several decorations for
his service in Vietnam.
_New York Times_, July 9.
And, as per Scalia's dissent, there was
much panic articulated from the right wing about same-sex marriage, with Senate Majority
Leader Bill Frist promptly endorsing a constitutional amendment against same-sex marriage that
had been introduced recently.
However, on July 2 President George Bush responded to a
reporter's question about the amendment by stating, "I don't know if it's necessary yet.
Let's let
the lawyers look at the full ramifications of the recent Supreme Court hearing.
What I do support
is a notion that marriage is between a man and a woman." _Associated Press_, July 3.
On a more practical level, law enforcement officials in states that still have sodomy laws on the
books had to determine how their activities would be affected by _Lawrence_.
On its face,
Justice Kennedy's opinion was careful to circumscribe the holding to criminalization of private,
non-commercial, consensual sex between adults, leaving open questions about laws on loitering
and solicitation, such as the Model Penal Code's penalties for loitering in a public place for the
purpose of soliciting "deviate sexual intercourse." The New York Court of Appeals struck down
such a law shortly after having invalidated that state's sodomy law, on the ground that the state
no longer had an interest in preventing such conduct from taking place in private, so the statute's
failure to differentiate between solicitation for private acts and solicitation for public acts was a
fatal flaw.
The U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari in that case, but then dismissed the writ
after hearing oral argument without ruling on the merits. _See People v. Uplinger_, 58 N.Y.2d
936 (1983), _certiorari dismissed as improvidently granted_, 467 U.S. 246 (1984).
In the days
after the ruling, we saw press reports from Utah, Texas, North Carolina, and Michigan
concerning uncertainty by law enforcement officials or, in some cases, assertions of a continued
right to enforce the laws to the extent possible in light of _Lawrence_, such as continuing to go
after gay men who cruise in parks and public restrooms.
A.S.L
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Supreme Court Directs Reconsideration of Kansas Sodomy Conviction; Unexplained Decision
Suggests Equal Protection Component to _Lawrence v. Texas_
On June 27, the Supreme Court indirectly suggested the potential scope of _Lawrence_ by
granting certiorari in _Limon v. Kansas_, 41 P.3d 303 (Kan. App., 2002) (table; text not
published), vacating the judgment of the Kansas Court of Appeals, and remanding the case "for
further consideration in light of _Lawrence v. Texas_."
The ACLU represents Matthew Limon,
who received a 17-year prison sentence for performing consensual oral sex with a fellow male
resident of a school for developmentally disabled youth in Miami County, Kansas.
Limon was
18 and the other youth was almost 15 years old at the time of the offense.
Under Kansas law, had
the "victim" been a person of the opposite sex, the maximum sentence that could be imposed
would be fifteen months.
The Kansas Court of Appeals rejected the ACLU's argument that this
violates Limon's equal protection rights, in an unpublished opinion that was denied review by the
Kansas Supreme Court last June.
The Supreme Court's decision to vacate and remand raises
fascinating questions: The Court decided _Lawrence_ as a due process case; the only member of
the majority who addressed equal protection issues in any depth was Justice O'Connor, whose
concurring opinion carries little precedential weight since she was the 6th vote to strike the Texas
law, so her vote was not needed to overrule _Bowers_ on due process grounds (and she did not
agree that _Bowers_ should be overruled).
Does this action by the Court on _Limon_'s petition
mean that a majority of the Court is willing to entertain a broader reading of gay equal protection
rights derived from _Lawrence_?
There are additional interesting issues here, especially capacity
and consent.
The ultimate result of this one is sure to be interesting.
A.S.L.
Same-Sex Marriage Comes to North America; Canadian Courts Order Immediate Issuance of
Licenses to Same-Sex Partners, and Federal Government Goes Along
Only three years after they began, Canada's latest same-sex marriage cases have succeeded in
bringing the walls excluding same-sex couples from civil marriage tumbling down across the
country.
Canada is the first country in the world in which this breakthrough has been achieved in
whole or part through litigation, rather than solely through legislation, as in the Netherlands and
Belgium.
Marriage cases had failed in 1974 and 1993, but the Supreme Court's decision in _M. v.
H._ in 1999 that Section 15(1) of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms requires equal
treatment of unmarried different-sex and same-sex couples (see June 1999 LGLN) set the stage for
another attempt to open up marriage.
Three Charter cases began in 2000, and trials were held in
Vancouver, Toronto and Montréal in 2001 (see Nov. 2001 LGLN).
It had been expected that all
three cases would eventually reach the Supreme Court, which would then find a Charter violation,
perhaps in 2005, and possibly give the federal government six months to two years to change the
law.
But equality has been achieved much more quickly than expected.
On May 1, in _EGALE Canada Inc. v. Canada (Attorney General)_, 2003 BCCA 251, 13 B.C.L.R.
(4th) 1, 2003 CarswellBC 1006, a three-judge panel of the British Columbia Court of Appeal granted
a unanimous declaration that "the common law bar against same-sex marriage is of no force or effect
because it violates rights ... guaranteed by s. 15 ... and does not constitute a reasonable and
demonstrably justified limit on those rights ... within the meaning of s. 1," and reformulated the
common law definition of marriage to mean "the lawful union of two persons to the exclusion of all
others."
However, the court suspended the declaration and reformulation until July 12, 2004, "solely
to give the federal and provincial governments time to review and revise legislation to bring it into
accord with this decision."
[The July 12, 2004, date was selected to coincide with a date previously
set by a lower Ontario court in a ruling issued last summer, whose appeal was pending when the B.C.
court decision was announced. - Editor]
On June 10, in the Ontario case, now known as _Halpern v. Canada (Attorney General)_, 2003
CarswellOnt 2159,
the Ontario Court of Appeal reached the same conclusion as the B.C. Court of
Appeal, finding an unjustifiable violation of Section 15(1) in a single judgment "By the Court."
But
the Ontario Court unexpectedly and dramatically declined to suspend its remedy.
Instead, it made
the following order: "To remedy the infringement of these constitutional rights, we:
(1) declare the
existing common law definition of marriage to be invalid to the extent that it refers to 'one man and
one woman'; (2) reformulate the common law definition of marriage as 'the voluntary union for life
of two persons to the exclusion of all others'; (3) order the declaration of invalidity in (1) and the
reformulated definition in (2) to have immediate effect; (4) order the Clerk of the City of Toronto
to issue marriage licenses to the [applicant same-sex] Couples; and (5) order the Registrar General
of the Province of Ontario to accept for registration the marriage certificates of Kevin Bourassa and
Joe Varnell and of Elaine and Anne Vautour [who were married in a religious ceremony at the
Metropolitan Community Church in Toronto on Jan. 14, 2001]."
The Ontario Court began its Section 15(1) analysis by rejecting the federal Government's argument
that "marriage, as an institution, does not produce a distinction between opposite-sex and same-sex
couples. The word 'marriage' is a descriptor of a unique opposite-sex bond that is common across
different times, cultures and religions as a virtually universal norm." The court responded: "If
marriage were defined as 'a union between one man and one woman of the Protestant faith', surely
the definition would be drawing a formal distinction between Protestants and all other persons. ...
Similarly, if marriage were defined as 'a union between two white persons', there would be a
distinction between white persons and all other racial groups.
In this respect, an analogy can be
made to the anti-miscegenation laws that were declared unconstitutional in _Loving v. Virginia_ [a
U.S. Supreme Court opinion from the 1960s - Editor] ... [A]n argument that marriage is heterosexual
because it 'just is [heterosexual]' amounts to circular reasoning. It sidesteps the entire s. 15(1)
analysis. It is the opposite-sex component of marriage that is under scrutiny. The proper approach
is to examine the impact of the opposite-sex requirement on same-sex couples to determine whether
defining marriage as an opposite-sex institution is discriminatory ..."
The court found that "the common law definition of marriage creates a formal distinction between
opposite-sex couples and same-sex couples on the basis of their sexual orientation" and that the
distinction is "discriminatory."
Federal and provincial legislation equalizing the rights and
obligations of unmarried different-sex and same-sex partners, after _M. v. H._, is not sufficient. "In
many instances, benefits and obligations do not attach until the same-sex couple has been cohabiting
for a specified period of time. Conversely, married couples have instant access to all benefits and
obligations.
Additionally, not all benefits and obligations have been extended to cohabiting couples
[e.g., division of property upon relationship breakdown]. ... [Section] 15(1) guarantees more than
equal access to economic benefits. ... In this case, same-sex couples are excluded from a fundamental
societal institution - marriage. The societal significance of marriage, and the corresponding [non-economic] benefits that are available only to married persons, cannot be overlooked. ... Exclusion
perpetuates the view that same-sex relationships are less worthy of recognition than opposite-sex
relationships. In doing so, it offends the dignity of persons in same-sex relationships."
The Court then considered whether the "opposite-sex" common-law definition of marriage helps
achieve "pressing and substantial objectives" under the Section 1 justification test:
"What needs to
be determined ... is whether there is a valid objective to maintaining marriage as an exclusively
heterosexual institution. Stating that marriage is heterosexual because it always has been heterosexual
is merely an explanation for the opposite-sex requirement of marriage; it is not an objective that is
capable of justifying the infringement of a Charter guarantee. ... The first purpose [of marriage
advanced by the federal Government, 'uniting the opposite sexes'], which results in favouring one
form of relationship over another, suggests that uniting two persons of the same sex is of lesser
importance. ...
[A] purpose that demeans the dignity of same-sex couples is contrary to the values
of a free and democratic society and cannot be considered to be pressing and substantial. A law
cannot be justified on the very basis upon which it is being attacked ..."
"The second purpose ... is encouraging the birth and raising of children. ... We fail to see how the
encouragement of procreation and child-rearing is a pressing and substantial objective of maintaining
marriage as an exclusively heterosexual institution. Heterosexual married couples will not stop
having or raising children because same-sex couples are permitted to marry.
Moreover, an increasing
percentage of children are being born to and raised by same-sex couples.
The [federal government]
submits that the union of two persons of the opposite sex is the only union that can 'naturally'
procreate.
In terms of that biological reality, same-sex couples are different from opposite-sex
couples. In our view, however, 'natural' procreation is not a sufficiently pressing and substantial
objective to justify infringing the equality rights of same-sex couples. ... [S]ame-sex couples can have
children by other means, such as adoption, surrogacy and donor insemination. A law that aims to
encourage only 'natural' procreation ignores the fact that same-sex couples are capable of having
children. Similarly, a law that restricts marriage to opposite-sex couples, on the basis that a
fundamental purpose of marriage is the raising of children, suggests that same-sex couples are not
equally capable of child-rearing. The [federal government] has put forward no evidence to support
such a proposition. Neither is the [federal government] advocating such a view; rather, it takes the
position that social science research is not capable of establishing the proposition one way or another.
In the absence of cogent evidence, it is our view that the objective is based on a stereotypical
assumption that is not acceptable in a free and democratic society that prides itself on promoting
equality and respect for all persons."
"The third purpose ... is companionship. ... Encouraging companionship between only persons of the
opposite sex perpetuates the view that persons in same-sex relationships are not equally capable of
providing companionship and forming lasting and loving relationships.
Accordingly, it is our view
that the [federal Government] has not demonstrated any pressing and substantial objective for
excluding same-sex couples from the institution of marriage. ..."
Even if the "procreation and childrearing" and "companionship" objectives were pressing and
substantial, they are not "rationally connected to the opposite-sex requirement in the common law
definition of marriage. ... It is not disputed that marriage has been a stabilizing and effective societal
institution. The [applicant same-sex] Couples are not seeking to abolish the institution of marriage;
they are seeking access to it. ... The law is both overinclusive and underinclusive. The ability to
'naturally' procreate and the willingness to raise children are not prerequisites of marriage for
opposite-sex couples. Indeed, many opposite-sex couples that marry are unable to have children or
choose not to do so. Simultaneously, the law is underinclusive because it excludes same-sex couples
that have and raise children. ... Gay men and lesbians are as capable of providing companionship to
their same-sex partners as persons in opposite-sex relationships."
And even if the objectives were rationally connected to the opposite-sex requirement, they could be
achieved by alternative means (opening up civil marriage to same-sex couples).
The opposite-sex
requirement therefore does not "minimally impair" the Section 15(1) rights of same-sex couples:
"[T]he [federal government] submits that ... [c]hanging the definition of marriage to incorporate
same-sex couples would profoundly change the very essence of a fundamental societal institution.
[It] points to no-fault divorce as an example of how changing one of the essential features of
marriage, its permanence, had the unintended result of destabilizing the institution with unexpectedly
high divorce rates. This, it is said, has had a destabilizing effect on the family, with adverse effects
on men, women and children. Tampering with another of the core features, its opposite-sex nature,
may also have unexpected and unintended results. Therefore, a cautious approach is warranted.
We
reject [this] submission as speculative. The justification of a Charter infringement requires cogent
evidence. In our view, same-sex couples and their children should be able to benefit from the same
stabilizing institution as their opposite-sex counterparts. ... [A]llowing same-sex couples to choose
their partners and to celebrate their unions is not an adequate substitute for legal recognition. This is
not a case of the government balancing the interests of competing groups. Allowing same-sex couples
to marry does not result in a corresponding deprivation to opposite-sex couples."
The federal government asked the Ontario appeals court to suspend its declaration of invalidity for
two years, as the lower court had done.
The court declined to so do: "There is no evidence before this
court that a declaration of invalidity without a period of suspension will pose any harm to the public,
threaten the rule of law, or deny anyone the benefit of legal recognition of their marriage. ... [T]here
was no evidence before us that the reformulated definition of marriage will require the volume of
legislative reform that followed the release of the Supreme Court['s] ... decision in _M. v. H_. In our
view, an immediate declaration will simply ensure that opposite-sex couples and same-sex couples
immediately receive equal treatment in law in accordance with s. 15(1) ..."
Because the judgment had immediate effect, and the federal government (perhaps taken by surprise)
did not seek an immediate stay from the Supreme Court, one of the applicant same-sex couples,
Michael Leshner and Michael Stark, obtained a marriage license from the City of Toronto and were
married on the afternoon June 10.
By June 13, Toronto City Hall had already issued 89 marriage
licenses to same-sex couples.
Ontario's Marriage Act has no residence or nationality requirements,
which means that any same-sex couple from anywhere in the world could marry in Ontario.
For the
next week, it was unclear whether the federal government would appeal _Halpern_ and _EGALE_
to the Supreme Court, and what would happen to the marriages of the newlywed couples if the
Supreme Court were to reverse the Ontario and B.C. Courts of Appeal.
On June 17, the speculation ended when Prime Minister Jean Chretien made an historic statement:
"We will not be appealing the recent decision[s] on the definition of marriage. Rather, we will be
proposing legislation that will protect the right of churches and religious organizations to sanctify
marriage as they define it.
At the same time, we will ensure that our legislation includes and legally
recognises the union of same sex couples. As soon as the legislation is drafted, it will be referred to
the Supreme Court. After that, it will be put to a free vote in the House [of Commons of the federal
Parliament]."
The purpose of the reference will be to ensure that the exemption for religious
organizations is constitutional, and that the legislation is binding on provincial governments.
Canada's Constitution has been interpreted as granting jurisdiction over "capacity to marry" and
"divorce" to the federal Parliament, and jurisdiction over "solemnization of marriage" (including the
issuance of marriage licenses) and other aspects of family law to provincial legislatures.
(Although
the federal government has declined to appeal _Halpern_, the Ontario Conference of Catholic
Bishops, together with the Evangelical Fellowship of Canada, the Islamic Society of North America,
and the Catholic Civil Rights League, have asked the Supreme Court for leave to do so.)
The planned federal legislation is likely to be approved by the Supreme Court, and passed by the
federal Parliament, by June 2004.
It will extend the _Halpern_ decision from Ontario to the other
nine provinces and three territories, unless courts in the other provinces and territories voluntarily
adopt the reasoning and remedy in _Halpern_, or the governments of other provinces and territories
voluntarily comply with _Halpern_ (as federal Justice Minister Martin Cauchon has urged them to
do; the government of Alberta has made it clear that it will not do so).
On July 8, the B.C. Court of
Appeal opened up civil marriage to same-sex couples in B.C. by lifting the suspension on its May
1 declaration and reformulation after applications by the same-sex couples with the consent of the
federal government. "It is reasonable to assume ... that any consequential amendments to the law
which may be required as a result of this Court's decision do not require the suspension of remedy
which this Court originally imposed.
It is also apparent that any further delay in implementing the
remedies will result in an unequal application of the law as between Ontario and British Columbia
... In these circumstances, the Court is satisfied that it is appropriate to amend the order in these
appeals to lift the suspension of remedies, with the result that the declaratory relief and the
reformulation of the common law definition of marriage as 'the lawful union of two persons to the
exclusion of all others' will take immediate effect."
Antony Porcino and Tom Graff were married
in Vancouver within minutes of the decision.
_Robert Wintemute_
[Editorial Note: As there is no residency requirement to obtain a marriage license in Ontario,
same-sex couples from the United States began heading north to marry as soon as the
announcement was made that the Toronto City Clerk's office would comply with the court ruling
and issues licenses.
Gay-friendly religious figures and judges stood ready to conduct ceremonies
with very little advance notice.
It was uncertain whether a same-sex marriage from Canada
would be recognized in the United States for any purpose.
One potential drawback of Americans
marrying in Canada is that there is a residency requirement in order to file a divorce action.
Gay
rights organizations in the U.S. cautioned those heading north to marry that if/when they
encountered difficulties in getting their marriages respected in the U.S., they should consult with
the lesbian/gay legal rights organizations prior to filing lawsuits.]
Supreme Court Remains Sharply Split on Affirmative Action in University Admissions
The U.S. Supreme Court issued two decisions on June 23 dealing with the admissions process at
the University of Michigan. By a vote of 5-4, the Court ruled in _Grutter v.Bollinger_, 123 S.Ct.
2325, 2003 WL 21433492, that the University's Law School could take race into account in
making admissions decisions, in pursuit of a "compelling interest" to maintain a racially diverse
student body because of the academic benefits that the school asserted would flow from such
diversity. Key to the Court's decision was a finding that the Law School takes race into account
as only one among many subjective factors in deciding among students whose LSAT and
undergraduate grades suggest they are capable of succeeding in law school, and that the First
Amendment mandates that the Court grant "deference" to the law school's judgment that
diversity is desirable for pedagogical reasons.
By contrast, six members of the Court voted to strike down the University's affirmative action
program for undergraduate admissions in _Gratz v. Bollinger_, 123 S.Ct. 2411, 2003 WL
21434002. The undergraduate admissions office at Michigan uses a point system to evaluate
candidates, under which membership in an "underrepresented minority group" is worth 20 points
on a scale of 150 for any applicant whose high school grades and SAT scores suggests they are
qualified. In practical effect, this means that virtually every applicant from an "underrepresented
minority group" (the University does not count Asian-Americans as an underrepresented
minority) is offered admission, without any further inquiry into other factors in all but a handful
of cases, if their test scores exceed a minimal threshold.
As a matter of vote-counting, the different outcomes turned heavily on the judgment of Justice
Sandra Day O'Connor, so often the swing voter on this Court.
Justice O'Connor wrote the
opinion for the majority in _Grutter_, and joined the opinion by Chief Justice William Rehnquist
in _Gratz_.
The vote of Justice Stephen Breyer was also determinative, as he joined O'Connor's
opinion in _Grutter_ but concurred in the result in _Gratz_ without signing on to Rehnquist's
opinion.
The only justice who refused to take a position on the merits of the _Gratz_ case was Justice
John Paul Stevens, who argued that the plaintiffs in that case lacked standing to bring the lawsuit,
having enrolled at other colleges after being rejected by Michigan in the mid-1990's and long
since graduated. Justice David Souter joined Stevens in this procedural objection, but proceeded
in a separate opinion and in concert with Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to argue that on the merits
the undergraduate admissions program should survive judicial review.
Justice Ginsburg argued
that the Court has erred in using "strict scrutiny" to evaluate government programs that are
intended to be "inclusive" of minorities, since the whole idea behind "strict scrutiny" is to put a
major burden on the government to justify programs that are "exclusionary."
Justices Antonin
Scalia and Clarence Thomas, consistent with their past positions, argued in dissent in _<Grutter_
that racial diversity is not a compelling interest for public universities and that they should never
be allowed to take race into account in admissions decisions.
Perhaps the most significant result to emerge from this latest chapter in the Supreme Court's
racial culture wars is that a majority of the Court continues to believe that public universities
have a compelling interest in enrolling racially diverse classes, and so long as they avoid an
admissions process that automatically extends enrollment to minority applicants whose so-called
"objective indicators" (test scores) are less good than those of Caucasian and Asian students who
are denied admission, the public universities can escape condemnation under the Equal
Protection Clause.
But Justice Scalia, in a dissent to _Grutter_ opinion, predicted that the June 23 decisions would
only lead to more litigation, given the amorphous nature of the Court's approval of the law school
process.
Indeed, as is his custom when in dissent, Scalia laid out a catalog of potential claims
that could be brought by Caucasian and/or Asian students who are denied admission by schools
that are attempting to practice affirmative action in compliance with the _Grutter_ standards, as if
inviting potential plaintiffs to do just that, even though he disclaimed any appetite for the Court
having to address those issues.
Raising the ante on affirmative action, and potentially extending it to private universities and
colleges, Chief Justice Rehnquist stated at the conclusion of his opinion in _Gratz_ that the
undergraduate admission program at Michigan violated not only the constitutional requirement of
equal protection, but also two federal statutes imposing an obligation of non-discrimination on
the basis of race on all schools, public or private, that accept applications from members of the
public, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act (binding on all schools that get federal financial
assistance) and 42 U.S. Code section 1981, a 19th century Reconstruction-era statute that forbids
race discrimination in the making of contracts. This brief citation, with only minimal discussion
in a footnote, suggests that students denied admission to private schools can challenge
admissions decisions under the same standard announced in _Gratz_. Admissions point systems
seem destined to bite the dust, and the cost of processing admissions applications will
undoubtedly increase as schools committed to racial diversity will have to give individualized
attention to each application in the manner approved in _Grutter_.
A.S.L.
Supreme Court Upholds Library Internet Blocking Requirement
Although no opinion commanded a majority, six Justices of the United States Supreme Court
rejected a facial challenge to the Children's Internet Protection Act (CIPA), which requires
libraries receiving federal financial assistance to install internet filtering software on their
computer terminals to block out certain sexually-related material. _United States v. American
Library Association, Inc._, 123 S.Ct. 2297, 2003 WL 21433656 (June 23, 2003). While the three
Justices joining Chief Justice William Rehnquist's opinion insisted that filtering software was
just another form of quality control by librarians, Justices Anthony Kennedy and Stephen Breyer
rejected the challenge on much more limited grounds, finding that the provision of CIPA that
allowed patrons to ask the librarians to disable the filtering software rendered the statute immune
from a facial challenge.
CIPA, passed by Congress in 2001, requires all libraries receiving federal assistance through
either federally subsidized internet access rates or grants from the Library Services and
Technology Act to certify by July 1, 2002, that they had installed "a policy of Internet safety that
includes the operation of a technology protection measure with respect to any of its computers
with Internet access" to prevent access on those computers to obscene or pornographic material.
In light of the fact that obscenity is a legal standard rather than a factual description, all filtering
software programs overblock some websites. While each program is different, many of these
programs have a tendency to block sites containing discussions about health and sexuality,
meaning that LGBT websites are frequently the victims of overblocking.
A group of libraries, library associations, library patrons and website publishers challenged the
constitutionality of CIPA's filtering software provisions. Pursuant to the statute's provisions
regarding judicial review, a three-judge District Court heard the case. After a trial, the District
Court ruled that CIPA was facially unconstitutional. Specifically, the court found that Congress
had exceeded its authority under the Spending Clause because it made receipt of federal funds
contingent upon the library's implementation of filtering software, which "will necessarily
violate the First Amendment." While acknowledging that libraries retain the discretion to
determine what books they would stock on their shelves, the three-judge panel ruled that filtering
software constituted "impermissible viewpoint discrimination." Noting that "the provision of
Internet access within a public library is for use by the public for expressive activity," the court
ruled that internet was a designated public forum and entitled to heightened constitutional scrutiny.
In an opinion joined by Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas,
Rehnquist wholly rejected the notion that internet access in a public library is any kind of forum
at all.
Rather, somehow ignoring the fact that CIPA prevented libraries from making
individualized decisions about how they would control internet use, Rehnquist's opinion
emphasized that CIPA was consistent with precedents allowing libraries to make value
judgments when determining what materials they will store and make available to the public.
Rehnquist insisted that "[p]ublic library staffs necessarily consider content in making collection
decisions and enjoy discretion in making them."
Therefore, just as the government is entitled to
limit the categories of art that the NEA would fund, for example, Congress was entitled to decide
which materials it will subsidize through discounted internet rates and public grant money.
Noting that CIPA authorizes library officials to disable the filter for an adult patron conducting
bona fide research or other lawful purpose, the four justices signing on to the Chief's opinion
were not troubled by the fact that such requests might cause embarrassment: "[T]he Constitution
does not guarantee the right to acquire information at a public library without any risk of
embarrassment," wrote Rehnquist.
Justice Kennedy, while joining the judgment that sustained CIPA against constitutional attack,
joined none of this analysis. Rather, he commented that "[i]f on the request of an adult user, a
librarian will unblock filtered material or disable the Internet software filter without significant
delay, there is little to this case. The Government represents that this is indeed the fact." Kennedy
reserved for another day, however, the question of whether CIPA could be unconstitutional in
application. In particular, if some libraries are unable to unblock specific websites or disable their
filtering software, or merely refuse to do so, then the burden placed on the library patron's First
Amendment rights might rise to constitutional proportions. Kennedy emphasized, however, that
the case before the Court was a facial, rather than an as-applied, challenge.
Justice Breyer also concurred in the judgment on more limited grounds. He agreed with the four
justices who held that the public forum doctrine was inapplicable with regard to internet access
in public libraries, noting that strict scrutiny analysis would unduly inhibit the ability of libraries
to make decisions about the kinds and amount of materials that they will make available to their
patrons. Nevertheless, Breyer insisted that some form of heightened scrutiny should apply to the
library internet access cases, and suggested that the intermediate scrutiny adopted in the
commercial speech cases would provide the libraries with enough flexibility to make these
choices while still allowing for meaningful constitutional review.
Breyer also highlighted the
fact that patrons could request that librarians turn off the filtering software, and emphasized that
such policies would cause no more embarrassment than methods for obtaining books from the
stacks or through interlibrary loans currently produces.
Justice John Paul Stevens wrote an opinion joined by no other justice in which he indicated that
libraries would be entitled to adopt programs for limiting patrons' access to obscene and
pornographic websites on library terminals, but sternly disapproved of CIPA, characterizing it as
a "blunt nationwide restraint on adult access to an enormous amount of valuable information."
He noted that CIPA allows for no experimentation by individual libraries, which was particularly
troublesome in light of the district court's findings that there were numerous less restrictive
alternative measures that libraries could adopt to manage this problem. "A federal statute
penalizing a library for failing to install filtering software on every one of its Internet-accessible
computers would unquestionably violate [the First] Amendment," Stevens observed, citing
_Reno v. ACLU_, 521 U.S. 844 (1997).
In his view, it was equally clear that the First
Amendment prevented Congress from financially blackmailing libraries into violating patrons'
constitutional rights.
Justice David Souter, joined by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in dissent, carved out an even
stronger pro-First Amendment position, by finding (unlike Stevens) that filtering software
policies voluntarily adopted by libraries would violate constitutional guarantees of free speech.
Souter emphasized that CIPA only stated that libraries may choose to unblock websites, and does
not require them to do so. Therefore, he insisted that the Court must review the statute "on the
understanding that adults will be denied access to a substantial amount of nonobscene material
harmful to children but lawful for adult examination, and a substantial quantity of text and
pictures harmful to no one."
Souter then turned to Chief Justice Rehnquist's (and Justice Breyer's) commentary that internet
filtering software was comparable to library decisions regarding which books to stock. "At every
significant point," Souter wrote, "the Internet blocking . . . defies comparison to the process of
acquisition. Whereas the traditional scarcity of money and space require a library to make
choices about what to acquire, and the choice to be made is whether or not to spend the money to
acquire something, blocking is the subject of a choice made after the money for Internet access
has been spent or committed."
Rather than comparing filtering software to acquisition decisions,
Souter insisted that a more appropriate analogy would be to the case where the library bought a
book and then kept it from those adults lacking an acceptable purpose, or where the library
bought an encyclopedia and then cut out pages containing materials considered unsuitable for all
adults.
Souter concluded his opinion with a brief historical overview of the role of libraries and
librarians, and the evolution of policies restricting patrons' access to particular materials. He
noted that "even in the early 20th century, the legitimacy of the librarian's authority as moral
arbiter was coming into question." Souter also cited the American Library Association's Library
Bill of Rights, which spoke out against "closed shelf," "locked case," "adults only," or "restricted
shelf" collections. More importantly, however, Souter noted that never before have libraries
instituted restricted access policies based on criteria other than the patron's age. The notion that
libraries could prohibit adult patrons from reviewing materials based on their disagreement with
or distaste for the content of that material is not only unprecedented but also inconsistent with the
guarantees of the First Amendment.
Finally, Souter observed that the decision to remove material once contained in a library for
reasons other than wear and tear, obsolescence or lack of demand, sends a tremendously
powerful and chilling signal: "Content-based blocking and removal tells us something that mere
absence from the shelves does not." Accordingly, in his view, "[t]here is no good reason . . . to
treat blocking of adult enquiry as anything different from the censorship it presumptively is."
As Justices Kennedy and Breyer provided the votes necessarily to sustain CIPA against a facial
constitutional challenge, their opinions will be closely scrutinized. As both Justices focused on
the provision of CIPA allowing for the disabling of filtering software, and noted that this case
presented only a facial, and not an as-applied challenge, new challenges to the constitutionality of
CIPA may be in the offing. _Sharon McGowan_
2nd Circuit Revives Litigation Over Homophobic Billboards
This case presents an interesting twist on the First Amendment right to free speech.
The issue is
whether a public official's letter calling for the removal of a billboard declaring homosexuality a
sin is, itself, constitutionally protected free speech. _Okwedy v. Molinari_, 2003 WL 21448393
(2d Cir. June 24, 2003) (not officially published).
In February 2000, Kristopher Okwedy, an ordained minister of Keyword Ministries, contracted
with a billboard company to erect two billboards in Staten Island, New York, quoting translations
of Leviticus 18:22, which proclaims homosexuality a sin.
The billboards, when erected, caused
several days of public controversy.
Staten Island Borough President Guy Molinari, in response to
the billboards, sent a letter to the owner of the billboards calling for the removal of the billboards
as confrontational and offensive.
In that letter, Molinari pointed out that the advertising company
derived substantial financial benefit from its Staten Island billboards.
As a result of the letter, the
billboards were taken down.
Okwedy then filed suit against Molinari and the billboard company for violation of his right to
free speech and related state law claims.
The United States District Court for the Eastern District
of New York dismissed the First Amendment claims for failure to state a cause of action and
declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the related state law claims.
_Okwedy v.
Molinari_, 150 F.Supp.2d 508 (E.D.N.Y.. 2001).
The Second Circuit Court of Appeals reversed.
The question of whether Okwedy stated a cause
of action for a violation of his free speech rights turned on whether Molinari's letter was an
unconstitutional implied threat to employ coercive state power to stifle protected speech or a
constitutionally protected expression by Molinari of his own personal opinion.
In dismissing the
complaint, the district court relied heavily on the fact that Molinari did not have direct regulatory
or decision-making authority over billboards.
The Second Circuit disagreed, stating as follows:
"What matters is the distinction between attempts to convince and attempts to coerce.
A public-official defendant who threatens to employ coercive state power to stifle protected speech
violates a plaintiff's First Amendment rights, regardless of whether the threatened punishment
comes in the form of the use (or, misuse) of the defendant's direct regulatory or decision-making
authority over the plaintiff, or in some less-direct form." The court reinstated Okwedy's free
speech claims, finding that Molinari's letter, coming from the Office of the Staten Island
Borough President, invoked his official authority, and the advertising company could reasonably
have believed that the Borough President's Office would have retaliated against it if the
offending billboards were not removed.
As a result, the judgment of the district court dismissing
the complaint was vacated and the matter remanded for further consistent proceedings. _Todd V.
Lamb_
Indiana Appeals Court Rejects Funeral Leave Claim by Lesbian Worker
In a frustrating decision that seems to suggest that the lesbian plaintiff might have won by
pursuing a different legal theory, a three-judge panel of Indiana Court of Appeals unanimously
rejected a claim by a state employee in _Cornell v. Hamilton_, 2003 WL 21525311 (July 8), that
her state constitutional rights were violated when she was not given paid funeral leave to attend
the funeral of her partner's father.
The decision asserted that the plaintiff had conceded that it
was rational for the state to distinguish between married and unmarried persons in providing
funeral leave, and hinted that this concession was fatal to her case.
Jana Cornell, a state employee, has been in a relationship with her lesbian partner for about five
years.
Her supervisor was aware of this relationship, and when her partner's father died
and Cornell applied for paid funeral leave, the supervisor approved it.
But the State Personnel
Department eventually denied the request on the ground that the policy only extended to funerals
for the family members of spouses, not those of domestic partners.
By then Cornell had taken
the leave and been paid, so she elected to use three of her paid vacation days to cover for the time
she had taken.
Cornell claimed that the state's policy violated the Privileges and Immunities Clause, Section 23
of the Indiana Constitution, which states: "The General Assembly shall not grant to any
citizen, or class of citizens, privileges or immunities, which, upon the same terms, shall not
equally belong to all citizens." Although this embraces a similar concept to the federal Equal
Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment, the Indiana courts have given it their own distinct
interpretation in a series of state supreme court cases.
Among the principles set down by the Indiana courts are that when the state designates a class of
persons to receive a benefit that is not provided to persons outside the specified class, the class
has to be defined using distinctive, inherent characteristics that "rationally distinguish the
unequally treated class, and the disparate treatment must be reasonably related to such
distinguishing characteristics."
If the state proceeds along those lines, then the main question is
whether the state is providing its benefits fairly to all similarly-situated members of the specified
class. Thus, there are two lines of attack under the constitutional provision: that class lines are
drawn unfairly, or that the state is unfairly administering the benefits within properly drawn
classes.
The problem faced by Cornell, at least in terms of conceptualizing her claim, was that all
unmarried state employees were denied the right to take paid funeral leave when a relative of
their unmarried partners died, not just employees with same-sex partners.
She was faced with
pursuing one of two theories: either that the use of marital status to define the class was not
rational, or that she was similarly situated to those (married couples) who were provided with
this benefit.
For some reason, Cornell conceded throughout the proceedings that it was rational for the state to
use marriage as a characteristic in defining the class favored by the policy.
She did not argue that
all unmarried partners should be allowed to access this benefit but, rather, that she was being
treated unfairly because the unmarried opposite-sex couples could get the benefit by marrying
and she could not, and so she should be treated as if she is married in order to avoid injustice.
In
essence, she argued that she and her partner should be considered as if they were married,
because they regard themselves that way.
The trial court granted the state's motion for summary
judgment based on the legal arguments without a trial.
"Within the class of married employees (i.e., the privileged class), all persons are treated the
same," wrote Presiding Judge James S. Kirsch for the unanimous three-judge panel.
"Cornell
has not alleged that any members of the class have been treated unequally.
Her complaint, rather,
is that she has not been included in the class."
Since Cornell is not married to her partner, wrote
Kirsch, she "is not 'similarly situated' to other married employees in the privileged class. Thus,
Cornell's claim fails and whether she or other individuals can make themselves part of the
favored class is irrelevant.
But for the legal act of marriage, we cannot discern how Cornell's
situation is different from that of other state employees involved in committed relationships.
However, she concedes that a distinction based on marriage is rational.
Accordingly, the
designated evidence does not demonstrate the existence of a genuine issue of material fact that
precludes summary judgment."
However, Kirsch's opinion includes extended comments suggesting that the court might have
ruled in Cornell's favor had she pursued the alternative argument, that it was not rational to
provide the benefits only to married persons and not to others who live together in committed
relationships. "The State's brief is filled with proffered justifications for the policy;
many are connected with promoting marriage and encouraging procreation, others are concerned
with the difficulty of determining who would qualify for benefits if same-sex domestic partners
were included.
We find these justifications unpersuasive in light of the fact that, as was
discussed at oral argument, many of the largest employers in this country and this state, including
its two largest universities, now provide benefits to same-sex domestic partners.
Moreover, an
examination of the policy itself undermines the State's assertion because it allows for leave time
upon the death of a member of an employee's household, without regard for whether the two
were legally related."
"Instead," wrote Kirsch, "the policy exists to strengthen family relationships, and families are
different today than they once were.
For instance, for many years, marriages between persons of
different races were also prohibited.
Now such marriages are commonplace.
In the same vein,
while society formerly regarded child-rearing as exclusively the province of
couples consisting of one man and one woman, that too has now changed.
Preferential
legislative treatment for a classification which was proper when enacted may later cease to
satisfy the requirements of Section 23 because of intervening changes in social or economic
conditions. Curiously, however, Cornell concedes that the policy is rationally related to marriage.
Therefore, based on Cornell's framing of the issue, we are not faced with the close question of
whether, in this age of changing family relationships, the policy's distinction based on marital
status is rational, but whether the privilege is equally available to all persons similarly situated."
Had Cornell been willing to make a stand based on the irrationality of excluding all unmarried
partners, regardless of the nature of their commitments, from this funeral leave policy, it appears
that she might have had a better shot at winning this case.
However, this is hindsight
speculation, since it is unlikely there was any way to know in advance that the court would be
more receptive to this type of argument than the arguments that she made.
Cornell was represented on the appeal by Kenneth J. Falk for the Indiana Civil Liberties Union.
A.S.L.
Reproductive Technology Gone Awry: Cautionary Notes for Putative Gay Parents
Even the heterosexuals can't get it straight.
Two unknown families separately contracted with a
California fertility clinic, specifically requesting anonymity. And through an apparent error by the
clinic, they now have children who are siblings.
In a June 13 decision written by Judge Franklin
D. Elia, the California 6th District Court of Appeal affirmed that (1) a statute providing that donor
of semen for use in artificial insemination of woman who is not donor's wife is treated as if donor
is not natural father of conceived child did not apply, and (2) wife was not an interested person
who had standing to bring action. _Robert B.
v. Susan B._, 109 Cal.App.4th 1109 (Cal. App. 6th
Dist.).
In May 2000, Robert and Denise B. contracted with an anonymous ovum donor to obtain the
donor's eggs for fertilization with Robert's sperm.
At the same time, Susan B. (not related to the
parties) contracted with the same fertility clinic for an embryo created from anonymously
donated ova and sperm.
Susan's intent was to purchase genetic material from two strangers in
order to forever avoid a paternity suit.
However, that would not be the case.
The clinic produced 13 embryos for Robert and Denise and one month later implanted some in
Denise and inadvertently implanted three of those embryos in Susan. Neither party knew about
this mistake until it was too late. "In February 2001, ten days apart, Susan gave birth to Daniel
and Denise gave birth to Daniel's genetic sister, Madeline."
Then ten months later, the clinic
informed Robert and Denise of the "mistake [that] had occurred."
Wanting contact with Daniel,
they met with Susan, who was initially receptive until Robert and Denise wanted her to
relinquish custody. Then the court battle began.
At the trial level, the court held that Robert had standing to bring a paternity action and ordered
genetic testing.
The tests, of course, showed that Robert was the father and the court held as
such.
Then the court addressed the question of Denise and Susan's relationship to Daniel. The
court dismissed with prejudice, Denise's action for parentage noting that Susan was the
gestational mother and Denise had no genetic connection with Daniel. The court then addressed
the issues of custody and visitation, awarding temporary custody to Susan and temporary
visitation to Robert.
Both women appealed.
Susan argued on appeal that the court should liberally construe California Family Code sec.
7613(b) and recognize that Robert is no more than a sperm donor in order to protect "the
integrity of her single parent family unit."
Susan also argued that she would be unfairly burdened
and not only would the Legislature's intent to preserve the "procreative rights of unmarried
women" be contravened, but it would jeopardize "Daniel's established constitutional right to
maintain a stable, permanent placement.<!70> Section 7613(b) states: "The donor of semen
provided . . . for use in artificial insemination of a woman other than the donor's wife is treated
in law as if he were not the natural father of a child thereby conceived."
The court stated that this
section is inapplicable, because Robert donated his sperm for the exclusive use of his wife and
himself, and not for "a woman other than the donor's wife."
The court held that Susan's
argument supporting single parenthood would best be directed toward the legislature.
And since
Daniel's right to a stable home is not at issue, Susan's argument should be reserved for any future
effort by Robert and Denise to obtain custody.
Denise argued on appeal that she has standing as an "interested person" within the meaning of
Family Code section 7650, which permits "[a]ny interested person [to] bring an action to
determine the existence or nonexistence of a mother and child relationship. Insofar as practicable,
the provisions of this part [the Uniform Parentage Act] applicable to the father and child
relationship apply."
Even though this provision did not restrict the standing of alleged mothers,
California appellate courts have refused to recognize biologically unrelated women as "interested
parties."
The court cites to a 1997 case where a lesbian failed to obtain recognition of her
parental status to her former partner's daughter, _West v. Superior Court_, 59 Cal.App.4th 302,
306 (3rd Dist. 1997).
In addition, the court cited to a case where they held that section 7650 "has
no application where it is undisputed [that the gestational and genetic mother] is the natural
mother of the child." _Curiale v. Reagan_, 222 Cal.App.3d 1597, 1600 (3rd Dist. 1990).
In a case
similar case to this, where a husband and wife suspected unauthorized use of their genetic
material for another couple, who had used the same clinic and thus became the parents, the court
held that the plaintiff wife did not have standing and that ". . . an unrelated person who is not a
genetic parent is not an 'interested person'" under sec. 7650. _Prato-Morrison v. Doe_, 103
Cal.App.4th 222, 229 (2nd Dist. 2002).
Even though Denise tried to dispute the holding of _Prato-Morrison_, the court held that Susan is
the undisputed mother, because she gave birth to Daniel.
Denise's attempt to assert that she was
the intended mother failed, since she has neither a gestational nor a genetic relationship to
Daniel.
The court affirmed that Robert is Daniel's father and Susan is Daniel's mother.
The
issues of custody and visitation were not before the court at this stage of things.
However, so far
Susan is willing to allow informal social contact between the families. _Audrey E. Weinberger_
2nd Circuit Upholds Connecticut's Exclusion of Scouts from Charitable Campaign
In an opinion by Circuit Judge Guido Calabresi, a unanimous three-judge panel of the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit upheld the state of Connecticut's decision to exclude the Boy
Scouts of America and its local Connecticut Rivers Council from participating in the annual
charitable fund-raising campaign that the state conducts for its employees. _Boy Scouts of
America v. Wyman_, 2003 WL 21545096 (U.S.Ct.App., 2nd Cir., July 9, 2003).
After the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled in 1999 that the Boy Scouts of America had violated
New Jersey's human rights law by dismissing James Dale, an openly-gay man, as an assistant
Scout leader, the head of Connecticut's civil rights agency contacted the committee that runs the
Connecticut State Employee Campaign, an annual event by which state employees in
Connecticut can authorize that charitable donations be withheld from their paychecks and
contributed to any of a number of charities listed in the campaign booklet.
Up to that time the
Scouts had always been listed in the booklet.
The Committee in turned contacted the Connecticut Rivers Council to determine whether they
followed the same discriminatory policies that were followed in New Jersey and, after
determining that the Connecticut Scouts would not allow gay adults to participate as members or
leaders, the Committee asked the state's civil rights agency, called the Commission on Human
Rights & Opportunities (CHRO), whether the Scouts' policies violated Connecticut law, and
whether the campaign would be violating the law if it allowed the Scouts to participate.
The CHRO advised the committee that allowing the Scouts to participate would violate the
state's Gay Rights Law, which prohibits the state from discriminating in its employment policies
or in its provision of services on the basis of sexual orientation.
Within days after being notified
in May 2000 that they were being excluded from the upcoming fall campaign, the Scouts sued in
federal court, claiming that the exclusion violated their First Amendment rights and Connecticut
laws (including a provision of the gay rights law itself, which bound the state not to discriminate
against heterosexuals).
Just a few weeks later, the U.S. Supreme Court issued its decision in
_Boy Scouts of America v. Dale_, 530 U.S. 640 (2000), holding that the Scouts had a First
Amendment right of expressive association to refuse to have a gay activist (as James Dale was
identified in the Court's opinion) as an assistant Scoutmaster, on the theory that this would
interfere with the Scouts' ability to convey their message of opposition to homosexuality.
The Connecticut officials analyzed their position anew in reaction to the Dale decision, but
concluded that it did not change their own obligations under state law.
They reasoned that the
Scouts were free to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation in picking adult leaders and
employees, but that this did not obligate the state to allow them to participate in the charitable
campaign, and that their exclusion was mandated by the state law.
U.S. District Judge Warren
Eginton agreed with the state, 213 F. Supp. 2d 159 (D. Conn. 2002), and granted summary
judgment against the Scouts, who appealed.
Judge Calabresi devoted a substantial part of his opinion to reviewing the arguments about how
narrowly or broadly the Dale decision should be construed.
It is possible to read it as applying
only to the issue of adult Scout leaders, and not in general to all of the Scout's membership and
employment policies, in which case much of the Scouts' discriminatory practice would not
necessarily be protected by the First Amendment, or to read it broadly as giving the Scouts
complete discretion to exclude gays from all aspects of its operations.
Court decisions can be
found supporting both views.
But Calabresi found it unnecessary for the court to take sides
between a broad or narrow construction of Dale, because he found that the Scouts' exclusion
from the Connecticut program was, at least in part, because of their constitutionally-protected
policy of refusing to have openly-gay adults in leadership positions, so an analysis of their First
Amendment claim was required.
Thus, the Scouts could satisfy the first step of the inquiry - whether they were excluded from
participation in a government program due to their constitutionally-protected activity.
But
Calabresi concluded that they fell down on the next step, which was determining whether this
exclusion itself violated the First Amendment.
Calabresi found that the burden imposed on the
Scouts was incidental here, not direct, in that Connecticut was not trying to order the Scouts to
hire gay leaders.
Rather, it was excluding them from a non-public forum (as previous cases had
determined that these kinds of charitable campaigns are not a "public forum"), and was not doing
so for the purpose of discriminating against a particular viewpoint.
Rather, Calabresi found, Connecticut was concerned with the act of discrimination in
employment on the basis of sexual orientation, not with censoring particular viewpoints.
Connecticut was not excluding the Scouts in order to muzzle them from expressing their
viewpoint but, rather, in order to avoid facilitating their continued discrimination against
Connecticut residents on the basis of their sexual orientation.
While admitting that this had the
effect of disfavoring a particular viewpoint, Calabresi found that such was a necessary side-effect
of any law prohibiting discrimination, but that the law's purpose was to prevent discrimination,
and thus it could be considered, for purposes of this analysis, to be a view-point neutral law.
(And, indeed, the law as written prohibits discrimination against all persons on the basis of
sexual orientation, thus protecting heterosexuals, bisexuals and even those of indeterminate
sexual orientation from discrimination on that basis.)
The Scouts tried to argue that Connecticut was engaging in viewpoint discrimination because it
allowed a variety of charities that are gay-identified to participate in the campaign, including P-FLAG and Lambda Legal, both of which are advocacy organizations.
But Calabresi found that
their inclusion was entirely consistent, since there was no evidence that they discriminated in
their membership policies based on sexual orientation or any other prohibited ground.
He also
noted that the CHRO was very careful in responding to the committee's inquiries not to take a
position on the question whether the Scouts were violating the gay rights law by excluding
openly gay boys from membership, but rather focused its response solely on the Scout's adult
membership and leadership policies.
Consequently, the court could avoid taking a position on
whether inclusion of the Girl Scouts in the charitable campaign raised a problem.
Finally, Calabresi rejected the argument that excluding the Scouts violated the gay rights law
itself.
The Scouts had pointed to a provision by which the legislature indicated that the law
should not be construed to constitute state endorsement or support for homosexuality, and argued
that excluding the Scouts from the charitable campaign constituted a pro-gay statement by the
campaign on behalf of the state government.
Once again, Calabresi insisted, the government was
not taking sides on a political issue here, but merely enforcing its statutory requirement of non-discrimination.
Although the litigation was fought out between the Scouts and the state government, a group of
gay rights organizations combined under the banner of Gay and Lesbian Advocates and
Defenders, the Boston-based New England public interest law firm, to file a friend-of-the-court
brief in support of the state's position.
A.S.L.
Judge Posner (7th Circuit) Reexamines Sex Stereotyping in Title VII Cases
The June 2002 _Law Notes_ reported the summary judgement granted to the employer on the
Title VII same-sex hostile environment harassment claim in _Hamm v. Weyauwega Milk
Products, Inc._, 199 F.Supp.2d 878 (E.D. WI. 2002). The appellate opinion, affirming based on
work performance conflicts and speculation about Hamm's sexual orientation, includes law and
economics theorist Judge Richard Posner's concurrence criticizing exisiting "sex stereotyping"
jurisprudence, and proposing a "simpler and more intuitive" approach "that would reduce future
litigation." Hamm v. Weyauwega Milk Products, Inc., 2003 WL 21362198 (7th Cir., Jun.13,
2003)). Quoting Judge Posner nearly in the entirety:
"The case law as it has evolved holds . . . that although Title VII does not protect homosexuals
from discrimination on the basis of their sexual orientation, it protects heterosexuals who are
victims of "sex stereotyping" or "gender stereotyping."
"The origin of this curious distinction, which would be very difficult to explain to a lay person
(an indication, often and I think here, that the law is indeed awry), is the Supreme Court's
decision in _Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins_, 490 U.S. 228 (1989). Part of the evidence that the
plaintiff in that case had been denied promotion because she was a woman was that her male
superiors hadn't liked her failure to conform to their expectations regarding feminine dress and
deportment. That was indeed a reason to suspect that the firm discriminated against women. But
there is a difference that subsequent cases have ignored between, on the one hand, using evidence
of the plaintiff's failure to wear nail polish (or, if the plaintiff is a man, his using nail polish) to
show that her sex played a role in the adverse employment action of which she complains, and,
on the other hand, creating a subtype of sexual discrimination called "sex stereotyping," as if
there were a federally protected right for male workers to wear nail polish and dresses and speak
in falsetto and mince about in high heels, or for female ditchdiggers to strip to the waist in hot
weather. If a court of appeals requires lawyers presenting oral argument to wear conservative
business dress, should a male lawyer have a legal right to argue in drag provided that the court
does not believe that he is a homosexual, against whom it is free to discriminate? That seems to
me a very strange extension of the Hopkins case.
"The 'logic' of the extension is that if an employer disapproves of conduct by a man that it would
not disapprove of in a woman, or conduct by a woman that it would not disapprove of in a man,
the disapproval is 'because of' sex. What is true, as I have said, is that this asymmetry of
response may be evidence of sex discrimination; but to equate it to sex discrimination is a
mistake. If an employer refuses to hire unfeminine women, its refusal bears more heavily on
women than men, and is therefore discriminatory. That was the Hopkins case. But if, as in this
case, an employer whom no woman wants to work for (at least in the plaintiff's job classification)
discriminates against effeminate men, there is no discrimination against men, just against a
subclass of men. They are discriminated against not because they are men, but because they are
effeminate.
"If this analysis is rejected, the absurd conclusion follows that the law protects effeminate men
from employment discrimination, but only if they are (or are believed to be) heterosexuals. To
impute such a distinction to the authors of Title VII is to indulge in a most extravagant legal
fiction. It is also to saddle the courts with the making of distinctions that are beyond the practical
capacity of the litigation process. Hostility to effeminate men and to homosexual men, or to
masculine women and to lesbians, will often be indistinguishable as a practical matter, especially
the former. Effeminate men often are disliked by other men because they are suspected of being
homosexual (though the opposite is also true - effeminate homosexual men may be disliked by
heterosexual men because they are effeminate rather than because they are homosexual), while
mannish women are disliked by some men because they are suspected of being lesbians and by
other men merely because they are not attractive to those men; a further complication is that men
are more hostile to male homosexuality than they are to lesbianism. To suppose courts capable of
disentangling the motives for disliking the non-stereotypical man or woman is a fantasy.
"Inevitably a case such as this impels the employer to try to prove that the plaintiff is a
homosexual (the employer's lawyer actually said at the argument that a plaintiff's homosexuality
would be a complete defense to a suit of this kind) and the plaintiff to prove that he is a
heterosexual, thus turning a Title VII case into an inquiry into individuals' sexual preferences -
to what end connected with the policy of the statute I cannot begin to fathom. An unattractive
byproduct of the inquiry is a gratuitous disparagement of homosexuals - as when Hamm in his
brief, remarking on how 'his harassers tormented him with the ultimate attack on his masculinity,
namely, barraging him with every vulgar, slang phase for a homosexual,' concludes: 'For a
heterosexual male, such slurs are tantamount to verbal castration' (emphasis mine) - as if they
were unwounding when directed at a homosexual male.
"'Sex stereotyping' should not be regarded as a form of sex discrimination, though it will
sometimes, as in the Hopkins case, be evidence of sex discrimination. In most cases -
emphatically so in a case such as this in which, so far as appears, there are no employees of the
other sex in the relevant job classification - the 'discrimination' that results from such
stereotyping is discrimination among members of the same sex. The distinction can be illustrated
by a pair of examples. If the producer of Antony and Cleopatra refuses to cast an effeminate man
as Antony or a mannish woman as Cleopatra, he is not discriminating against men in the first
case and women in the second, although he is catering to the audience's sex stereotypes. But if a
fire department refused to hire mannish women to be firefighters, this would be evidence that it
was discriminating against women, because mannish women are more likely than stereotypically
feminine women to meet the demanding physical criteria for a firefighter. _Mark Major_
Civil Litigation Notes
_Federal - 6th Circuit_ - A panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit affirmed a
deportation order that had been approved by the Board of Immigration Appeals, rejecting a plea
from a gay Rumanian national who claims he would suffer persecution if forced to return to his
country. _Iancu v. Immigration and Naturalization Service_, 2003 WL 21421639 (June 17,
2003).
Iancu overstayed his visa and was the subject of a January 1996 deportation order by the
INS.
He then filed for asylum, but evidently was not particularly well-brief on what he would
have to allege and prove, since the court found that his story changed during the course of the
hearing process and ultimately could not meet the relatively stiff burden of showing a reasonable
fear of persecution.
Iancu did allege that he had been stopped by law enforcement personnel in
Rumania and "questioned" about his homosexuality, but the court found that this is not enough.
"Even if it is true that he was detained and questioned regarding his homosexuality, 'persecution'
requires 'more than a few isolated incidents of verbal harassment or intimidation,
unaccompanied by any physical punishment, infliction of harm, or significant deprivation of
liberty,'" wrote the court, per curiam, quoting from _Mikhailevitch v. INS_, 146 F.3d 384, 390
(6th Cir. 1998).
The court found that the deportation decision was supported by substantial
evidence in the record.
A.S.L.
_Federal - Hawaii_ - The _Honolulu Star-Bulletin_ reported on July 4 that U.S. District Judge
Helen Gillmor denied a request for injunctive relief by Hawaii P-FLAG, a gay community center,
and a gay-trans Family Network organization, all of whom wished to march in a Kid's Day
Parade in Honolulu that was being sponsored jointly by the city and the Hawaii Chistrian
Coalition.
Judge Gillmor found that the Coalition was basically paying for the event, and the
city's role was mainly to allow it to happen and provide police protection.
As such, she found
the parade to be a private event, whose organizer could decide whom to include and whom to
exclude. _Honolulu Star-Bulletin_, July 4. A.S.L.
_Federal - Indiana_ - U.S. District Judge David F. Hamilton has ruled in _Sweet v. Mulberry
Lutheran Home_, 2003 WL 21525058 (S.D. Ind., June 17, 2003), that, notwithstanding the
Supreme Court's ruling in _Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins_, 490 U.S. 228 (1989), and subsequent
cases in other parts of the country suggesting that under _Hopkins_ discrimination against
transgendered persons might be forbidden by the sex discrimination ban in Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, nonetheless in the 7th Circuit the binding precedent remains _Ulane v.
Eastern Airlines, Inc._, 742 F.2d 1081 (7th Cir. 1984), which held that an employer does not
violate Title VII by firing an employee for having a sex change operation.
In this case, John
Sweet, who represented himself pro se, claimed that he was discharged as a licensed practical
nurse when his employer learned that he was planning a sex-change operation.
The employer
denied this, setting forth three incidents of inappropriate treatment of patients by Sweet that it
claimed were the basis for its decision.
Judge Hamilton found that even if Sweet's charges did
qualify as sex discrimination, he would still suffer summary judgment against him because he
had failed to present evidence undermining the employer's contention that he was properly
terminated for poor performance.
Sweet also claimed retaliation, based on the employer's action
in filing a disciplinary complaint against him with state licensing authorities based on the three
incidents.
Sweet claimed that this complaint was filed in retaliation for his filing of a
discrimination charge with the EEOC.
The employer credibly showed that the management
official who filed the complaint had no knowledge of Sweet's EEOC charge at the time.
A.S.L.
_Federal - Indiana_ - In _Doe v. City of Lafayette, Indiana_, 2003 WL 21480355 (June 27,
2003), a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit voted 2-1 that the city had violated
the First Amendment rights of the John Doe plaintiff by banning him from all city parks at any
time under threat of arrest for trespass.
Doe, a convicted child molester who had satisfactorily
completed his period of parole after release from prison, was driving home from work one day in
January 2000 when he began to have sexual fantasies about children, so he drove to the park and
spent some time watching teenage boys playball, fantasizing about having sex with them.
After
watching for a while, Doe got back in his car and left, but he was troubled by this experience and
told his psychologist and his self-help group about it.
His former probation officer then received
an anonymous call informing him of what Doe had done, the probation officer contracted the
police department, and the Police Chief discussed the matter with the City Attorney, as a result of
which the Parks Department issued its order to Doe to stay out of the parks.
Doe sued to vacate
the order, and the trial judge granted summary judgment to the city.
Reversing in an opinion by
Circuit Judge Williams, the panel found that one has a First Amendment right to think perverted
thoughts without suffering consequences, and that the law can only punish action.
The court
analogized the case to _Stanley v. Georgia_, where the Supreme Court upheld a right to private
possession of obscene matter, and _Robinson v. California_, where the Supreme Court found an
8th Amendment violation in a California statute criminalizing the status of being addicted to
drugs, and said that just as a convicted bank robber could not be barred once having passed
probation from going into banks, a convicted child molester similarly could not be barred from
using public parks.
One can be a pedophile without suffering criminal penalty, so long as one
takes no action.
Judge Ripple vehemently dissented, calling the ban a reasonable effort by the
city to protect its children in light of Doe's past history and propensities. A.S.L.
_Federal - Oregon_ - The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) announced the
settlement of a same-sex harassment lawsuit that had been filed on behalf of five male employees
against RSG Forest Products, Inc., of Oregon, in the U.S. District Court. _EEOC v. RSG Forest
Products, Inc._, No. 02-CV-1334-JE (D. Ore., settlement approved, May 27, 2003).
Under the
terms of the settlement, each of the five employees will receive a payment from the company.
The supervisor who had been accused of sexually harassing the complainants through "physical
actions, crude sexual comments, and related activities" has been terminated.
The EEOC filed
suit after attempts at settlement failed.
BNA Daily Labor Report No. 118, 6/19/2003, p. A-13.
A.S.L.
_Federal - Tennessee_ - Having made the mistake of filing a same-sex harassment claim in
federal court, Lonnie King reaped the consequences of an unsuccessful appeal from a summary
judgment. _King v. Super Service, Inc._, 2003 WL 21500008 (U.S.Ct.App., 6th Cir., June 26,
2003).
The trial court found that King was harassed by two co-workers because they perceived
him as gay.
The court found no evidence that the sexually-charged statements that the co-workers made provided any evidence of sexual desire on their part, and there was no evidence of
generalized hostility against men in the workplace. This court was disinclined to follow those
circuits who have embraced a gender non-conformity theory of Title VII harassment liablity.
A.S.L.
_Federal - Utah_ - Yet another unsuccessful same-sex harassment claim under Title VII, this
time involving a female plaintiff, was decided in _Dick v. Phone Directories Company, Inc._,
2003 WL 21295928 (D. Utah, June 4, 2003).
As is frequently the case, the court found that the
raucous and vulgar workplace conduct described by the plaintiff was revolting, but did not
violate the statute.
This was apparently a workplace in which all the employees were women, so
the plaintiff was unable to allege credibly that she was harassed because of generalized hostility
to having women in the workplace.
Rather, she claimed that she was the target of sexually-charged inuendo and unwanted attention.
She was unable to show that any of the alleged
harassers were lesbians or were going after her due to sexual interests.
The court found that the
conduct alleged was not actionable under Title VII, because there was no proof that the plaintiff
was targeted because of her sex. A.S.L.
_Arizona - Tucson_ - Endorsing a recommendation from the city's Commission on Gay,
Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Issues, the Tucson City Council voted unanimously on June
30 to authorize city officials to proceed with plans to set up a domestic partner registry.
Still to
be determined which city department will administer the program and what fees will be
established for registration.
The vote was seen as a strong signal to the city administration to
resolve these issues quickly and come back to the council with a proposed ordinance.
Registered
partners would obtain the right to visit partners in hospitals and to get discounts under various
city programs, and the registry could also be used by private businesses as a way of establishing
eligibility for domestic partnership benefits. _Tucson Citizen_, July 1. A.S.L.
_New York_ - On June 2, the New York Appellate Division, 2nd Department, rejected a claim
that tenant succession regulations under which same-sex domestic partners are protected from
eviction were invalidly promulgated. _Gioia v. Lynch_, 760 N.Y.S.2d 351.
In a terse opinion of
just a few sentences, the court stated that the Division of Housing and Community Renewal
(DHCR) had "substantially complied" with the State Administrative Procedure Act in
promulgating the regulations, whose summary description when they were published for
comment was "reasonably precise." Lambda Legal Defense Fund and Westchester County's
Lesbian and Gay Community Services Center, known as The Loft, filed an amicus brief in the
case.
A.S.L.
_North Carolina_ - The North Carolina Supreme Court has affirmed a decision holding that
counties and municipalities in that state do not have authority to adopt employment
discrimination laws that are broader than existing state laws. _Williams v. Blue Cross Blue
Shield of North Carolina_, 581 S.E.2d 415 (June 13, 2003).
The ruling is based on a provision of
the state constitution which reserves to the state legislature sole law-making authority on
employment policies.
The plaintiff had filed an age discrimination charge with a county human
relations commission that had been established after the state legislature approved a measure
allowing the county to pass its own human rights ordinance; the employer sought an injunction
against the proceeding on state constitutional grounds, and the court agreed that the legislature
could not authorize a county to set up a human relations commission.
So much for attempts to
pass sexual orientation and gender identity discrimination measures in North Carolina below the
state level.
This ruling means that such measures adopted in Ashville and Raleigh are
unenforceable, at least with respect to employment discrimination. A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
_Federal - New York_ - U.S. Dist. Judge Lewis Kaplan (S.D.N.Y.) rejected a demand by
criminal defendant Russell A. Harding, the politically-connected former president of the New
York City Housing Development Corporation (a Giuliani Administrative patronage appointee
whose father was head of the state Liberal Party, a Giuliani ally), that prospective jurors for his
trial on charges of possessing child pornography be required to complete a questionnaire eliciting
their attitudes concerning homosexuality and child pornography.
Kaplan acknowledged that
"some of the issues likely to arise in this case may be regarded as sensitive by some prospective
jurors," but that Harding had "failed to demonstrate that use of a _written_ questionnaire is
necessary or preferable to a proper _voir dire_ conducted by the Court." Harding's apparent
concern was that prospective jurors questioned about these subjects in open court might not give
"honest and frank responses" to questions about their ability to be "fair and impartial." Judge
Kaplan indicated that if need be he could exclude the public from the questioning concerning
these issues, and denied Harding's request for use of a questionnaire. _United States of America
v. Harding_, 2003 WL 21518835 (July 7, 2003).
A.S.L.
_California_ - The California 2nd District Court of Appeal upheld the standard pattern jury
instructions of hate crimes in _People v. Verdugo_, 2003 WL 21495158 (June 30, 2003).
Sergio
Verdugo was sentenced to life in prison without parole after a jury found him guilty of first
degree murder, committed in the commission of robbery and burglary involving use of a deadly
weapon, and first degree robbery, intentionally committed because of the victim's sexual
orientation.
Verdugo had claimed that the regular jury instruction explaining the hate crime
element of the case was too ambiguous and should have been further clarified by the court.
The
charge stated that the hate crime motivation element is met if the "bias motivation" is "a cause in
fact of the murder, whether or not other causes also exist." The trial judge also gave extra
guidance to the jury, telling them that the allegation was that "the defendant intentionally
committed said offenses because of the victim's sexual orientation or because of the defendant's
perception of the victim's sexual orientation. . .
If you find the defendant guilty of Count 2 or 3,
you must determine whether the defendant intentionally committed said offense because of the
victim's sexual orientation, or because of the defendant's perception of the victim's sexual
orientation." The appellate court rejected the contention that the judge should have further
explained to the jury what "because of" means.
Wrote Presiding Judge Spencer for the appeals
court, "The California Supreme Court has observed, in another, similar context, that the phrase
'because of,' as employed in these statutes, is a term of common usage that gives a person of
ordinary intelligence a reasonable opportunity to ascertain what the statutes prohibit." A.S.L.
_Ohio_ - A gay sex-date set on a chat-line turned bloody, leading to a conviction for felonious
assault and a seven year prison term for Richard Koballa, upheld by the 8th District Court of
Appeals of Ohio in _State of Ohio v. Koballa_, 2003-Ohio-3535, 2003 WL 21513041 (July 3,
2003) (not reported in N.E.2d).
The victim, Michael Zinicola, and David Carp met through a gay
sex chat-line, and set up a date to meet after several telephone conversations.
Carp brought along
his friend, Richard Koballa.
Accounts differ as to what happened when they got to Zinicola's
house, but there is agreement that Koballa slashed Zinicola's neck with a razor blade.
Koballa
claims that he slashed Zinicola after Zinicola, on his knees, grabbed Koballa's arm and testicles
while demanding to engage in oral sex.
Zinicola testified that the date was set up to talk about
sex and masturbate, and that Koballa attacked him without provocation.
A jury convicted
Koballa of felonious assault and he was sentenced to 7 years.
The appellate court rejected
Koballa's arguments of self-defense and that the jury should have been charged on the lesser
offense of aggravated assault (which would require proof of sufficient provocation to justify the
nature of the attack), and also upheld the trial court's decision to exclude from evidence gay
pornography found by police in Zinicola's apartment, agreeing with the trial court that it was
non-probative and potentially prejudicial. A.S.L.
_Texas_ - Calvin Burdine, who was convicted of murder and sentenced to death after a trial
during which his court-appointed attorney slept through crucial testimony, has recently agreed to
plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence.
Burdine's conviction had been vacated by the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, after having been upheld repeatedly by the death-obsessed
Texas appellate criminal court system.
The Court of Appeals had concluded that a defendant is
not receiving effective assistance of counsel when counsel is asleep, a point that seems to have
eluded the state appellate bench.
(Maybe they thought it made no difference in this case because
everybody knew that Burdine committed the murder, and the main issues in the case had to do
with the degree of culpability and potential sentence, so somnolent counsel was probably not
outcome-determinative.) _Burdine v. Johnson_, 262 F.3d 336 (5th Cir., en banc, 2001), cert.
denied, 122 S.Ct.2347 (2002); plea bargain reported in _Ft. Worth Star-Telegram_, June 20,
2003.
A.S.L.
U.S. Legislative Notes
_Federal_ - The Bush Administration called on Congress to grant "faith-based charities" that
receive federal financial assistance a broad exemption from state and local antidiscrimination
laws as well as federal laws.
Although federal law does not prohibit anti-gay discrimination,
more than a dozen states and numerous counties and cities do prohibit such discrimination, and it
was claimed that some religious charities were refraining from taking public funding for fear that
they would be subject to such laws in their hiring practices.
The Administration's call on June
24 for Congressional action was seen by some as pandering to the Christian Evangelical groups
that have been calling for increased government funding for their social services programs, but
who don't want to have to defend discrimination lawsuits. _Washington Post_, June 25.
_Federal_ - As Senator Bill Frist (Rep. - Tennessee), the majority leader, was calling for passage
of a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage in the U.S. (and apparently to overturn
state laws authorizing civil unions and domestic partnership benefits as well), and Senator Rick
Santorum (Rep. - Pennsylvania) was grousing about the Supreme Court's decision in _Lawrence
v. Texas_, Senator Mark Dayton (Dem. -
Minnesota) was introducing a bill to authorize
domestic partnership benefits for gay federal employees.
The measure has been introduced in
each session of the House since 1997 by Rep. Barney Frank, but this is the first time Frank has
found a Senate sponsor to introduce a counterpart bill.
According to a July 5 story in the _St.
Paul Pioneer Press_, Dayton has five co-sponsors for the bill: Joseph Lieberman (Dem. -
Connecticut), John Kerry (Dem. - Massachusetts), Hillary Clinton (Dem. - New York), Patty
Murray (Dem. - Washington), and Daniel Inouye (Dem. - Hawaii).
So where are the Californians
on this?
And where is Chuck Schumer?
_Arizona_ - On June 21, Governor Janet Napolitano, a Democrat, issued an executive order
prohibiting employment discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation by state agencies, and
authorizing disciplinary action for any state employees who engage in "sexual harassment or
other harassment based on sexual orientation." The order does not cover employees of the state
legislative or judicial branches of employees of state-sponsored colleges or universities, which in
Arizona are not within the jurisdiction of the governor for personnel matters.
The state's gay
rights organization welcomed the order but criticized it for omitting reference to gender identity
or expression, although arguments can be made that existing policies could be interpreted to
cover this category as well. Although the order covers discrimination in compensation, it was not
intended to extend domestic partnership benefits to state employees. _Arizona Republic_, June
22; BNA _Daily Labor Report_ No. 125 (6/30/2003), at A-5.
_California - Statewide_ - Three bills that would substantially broaden domestic partnership
rights and expand protection to transgendered persons under existing legislation, have all passed
the state Assembly and the Judiciary Committee of the state Senate.
Passage in the Senate was
seen as likely, but the one question mark was the Governor.
Gov. Davis is now the target of a
recall petition campaign, and he has been warned by rights-wing groups in California that they
will mount a major anti-gay campaign against the governor if he signs these bills.
No way of
predicting which way Davis may jump. _Newsday_, July 7.
_California - San Francisco & Statewide_ - San Francisco City Assessor Mabel Teng has
announced a policy change in the City Assessor's office, under which property transfers between
same-sex partners will henceforth be exempt from the policy of change-in-ownership tax
reassessment.
This is particularly important on the death of a person, since passage of title of
property in such circumstances to an "unrelated" person would normally result in reassessment of
the property and a substantial increase in property taxes.
The new policy will give domestic
partners the same rights as spouses to avoid such reassessments.
Teng stated that she considered
this a just and fair interpretation of California tax laws. _San Francisco Chronicle_, June 27.
Teng's announcement followed on a similar action in the city of Alameda, where the Council
voted 3-2 to exempt legally registered domestic partners from the property transfer tax.
These
events presaged a vote by the equivalent state-wide body, the State Board of Equalization, which
voted on July 8 to change the rules that would govern property tax assessment upon the death of
a domestic partner. The Chair of the Board, openly-lesbian former state legislator Carol Migden,
was the chief proponent of the meausre, which carried on a 3-2 party-line vote.
Changes to Rule
462.040 and 462.240 will guide county assessors in determining whether a co-owner who dies
should be considered a domestic partner, thus immunizing the property from the usual
reassessment upon passage of title to the surviving partner. _Oakland Tribune_, June 5;
_Equality California_, July 9 Press Release; _San Francisco Chronicle_, July 10.
_Delaware_ - The Delaware House passed H.B. 99 by one vote on June 30.
The measure next
goes to the state Senate, where it was stalled in committee after being passed by the House during
the previous session.
The measure forbids discrimination in employment, housing, public works
contracting, and public accommodations on the basis of actual or perceived sexual orientation.
It
has the very vocal support of Governor Ruth Ann Minner, who issued an executive order upon
taking office last year banning sexual orientation discrimination in the state government.
Chances for passage in the Senate may crucially depend upon which committee is assigned
jurisdiction.
The bill has bipartisan sponsorship and support.
BNA _Daily Labor Report_ No.
128, 7/3/03; _News Journal_, June 29.
_District of Columbia_ - The _Washington Blade_ reported on July 4 that a new District of
Columbia law took effect on June 21, authorizing domestic partners to make medical decisions
on behalf of their partners.
The Health-Care Decisions Act of 2003 was described by local gay
activists as a "modest step" towards extending "full civil equality to same-sex relationships." The
law requires hospitals in the district to follow the wishes of a domestic partner or "close friend"
of a person whose medical condition does not make it possible for her to make her own
decisions, but only becomes operational if the incapacitated person did not execute a durable
power of attorney.
Domestic partners must be registered to qualify as a "domestic partner" for
this purpose, but presumably unregistered partners might qualify as a <!69>close friend," which
is defined in the law as "any adult who has exhibited significant care and concern for the patient,
and has maintained regular contact with the patient so as to be familiar with his or her activities,
health, and religious and moral beliefs." Registration under any domestic partnership law similar
to the District's law will suffice.
_Georgia - Fulton County_ - Fulton County Commissioners voted 4-2 on July 2 to allow
employees of the county to obtain health and insurance and other benefits for persons with whom
they are coupled in a "committed relationship," making Fulton the fourth county in Georgia to
approve domestic partnership benefits, joining Atlanta, DeKalb an Decatur counties.
As
originally proposed, the measure would have applied to all unmarried couples, but it was
amended to apply only to same-sex couples, on the theory that straight couples can choose
marriage if they want to obtain benefits. _Atlanta Constitution_, July 3.
_Illinois - Cook County_ - The Cook County Board voted on July 1 to establish a domestic
partnership registry, joining the city of Oak Park as the only governmental body in Illinois
providing such a service for same-sex partners.
Although the registry will be largely symbolic,
hope was expressed that employers and businesses will use it as a basis for recognizing
partnerships for purposes of employee benefits and discounts. _Chicago Tribune_, July 2.
_Kentucky - Lexington_ - Lexington Mayor Teresa Isaac created instant political chaos when
she adopted an executive order extending partnership benefits to city employees.
The city
council went ballistic and passed a resolution calling for a moratorium on implementation of the
policy while council members tried to scare up enough petitions to put a question to the voters.
The resolution passed 11-4, but on July 3 Mayor Issac said she would veto it. _Lexington Herald
Leader_, July 4. However, in a preliminary vote, eleven members of the council voted to put an
override resolution on the counsel's agenda.
The margin of votes suggested that an override is
possible, most likely during August. _Lexington Herald Leader_, July 9.
_Louisiana - East Baton Rouge Parish_ - Under the radar: On July 9, the _Baton Rouge
Advocate_ reported that the East Baton Rouge Parish city government had quietly added "sexual
orientation" to its internal non-discrimination policy in a publication dated April 29.
Capital City
Alliance, a gay rights organization, approached Mayor Bobby Simpson last fall about adding
sexual orientation to the policy, and they worked quietly behind the scenes to get the change
accomplished.
Mayor Simpson, characterized in the news report as a "conservative Republican,"
told the newspaper that this was an easy decision, "just something you should have." When
approached on July 8, he stated: "It's just a matter of time before it's mandatory. Right now, it's
not mandatory, but it's not something that we will tolerate." There had been a Louisiana
Executive Order banning sexual orientation discrimination in state government employment, but
it was rescinded when Mike Foster, another "conservative Republican," took office as governor
in 1996.
_Maryland_ - The Maryland State Board of Education voted 8-3 on June 24 to adopt new public
safety standards for the state's public schools, which for the first time will include "sexual
orientation" as a forbidden ground of discrimination.
The vote brings the board in line with
recent state legislation banning such discrimination in employment, housing and public
accommodations.
Expanding on existing broad and general language, the new standard specifies
that all students "without exception and regardless of race, ethnicity, region, religion, gender,
sexual orientation, language, socioeconomic status, age or disability" are entitled to a safe school
environment.
The vote came after the board heard testimony from many students about why
such protection is needed. _Washington Post_, June 25.
_Nevada_ - _365Gay.com_ reported July 3 that Nevada Gov. Kenny Guinn had signed
legislation by which adults can make written designations of other, unrelated adults for purposes
of hospital visitation rights and funeral decision-making.
Prior to the new legislation, unmarried
couples in Nevada had no legally binding mechanism to make such designations.
The local gay
press hailed this as a breakthrough for same-sex couples, who have as yet achieved no legal
recognition at the state level.
_New York_ - The State Assembly passed the Dignity for All Students Act bill on June 10 in a
bipartisan vote of 136-8, but it stalled in the State Senate, where Republicans had favored a much
narrower bill.
_New York - Nassau County (Long Island)_ - The Nassau County government has agreed with
the union representing county employees to include a domestic partnership benefits program in a
new collective bargaining agreement.
The agreement would cover both same-sex and opposite-sex domestic partners, and would include health insurance and other benefits that are extended
only to married couples under the prior union contract. _Newsday_ reported on July 11 that in
order to qualify the partners must be in a "committed relationship. . . of lasting duration" and live
together.
They may not be married to anybody else, and after a domestic partnership dissolves,
there is a six-month period before a new relationship can be recognized and qualify for benefits.
County employees and their partners would have to file a Domestic Partner Affidavit with the
county.
The proposed collective bargaining agreement, which still needs to be ratified by the
county legislature and the union's members, would run through 2007.
The union ratification
vote is scheduled for July 24.
Reacting to cost concerns, County Supervisor Tom Suozzi's office
speculated that only a small number of county employees would sign up for the benefits, due to
what _Newsday_ described as "the potential stigma of identifying themselves as gay and the
experiences of other municipalities." If things run true to form, this benefit won by intense
lobbying by lesbian and gay rights activists will be used mainly by opposite-sex unmarried
couples.
_New York - Suffolk County (Long Island)_ - The Suffolk County legislature rejected a
resolution that would have established a domestic partnership registry.
Lead sponsor Jon
Cooper, a Democrat from Huntington, emphasized the unfairness to his domestic partner, Rob,
who is the legal parent of their adopted children but not entitled to coverage under Cooper's
employment-related insurance plan. _Suffolk Life_, June 18, 2003.
_Ohio - Cleveland Heights_ - Supporters of a proposal to establish a domestic partnership
registry have filed more than 5700 petition signatures seeking an affirmative referendum on the
subject in Cleveland Heights.
They are hoping for a vote on Nov. 4. _Ohio News Network_, Jun
23.
_Puerto Rico_ - The Senate of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico voted on June 23 to approve a
new Penal Code that would eliminate penalties for consensual sodomy, while retaining penalties
for non-consensual sodomy.
Little hope had been seen for the measure until the Senate's
majority leader told the press in mid-June that the ban on consensual sodomy was
"unenforceable." Information about the vote was posted to the Queerlaw listserve by Andres
Duque, Director of Mano a Mano, a gay rights organization in Puerto Rico.
_Rhode Island - West Warwick_ - Police officers in West Warwick, Rhode Island, will be able
to take sick leave to care for a domestic partner of either sex, and the police department's equal
opportunity policy will be amended to ban sexual orientation discrimination, under a new labor
agreement with the police union that was ratified on July 8 by the town council. _Providence
Journal_, July 9.
_Vermont_ - Addressing one of the handful of ways in which Vermont Civil Unions might have
afforded different benefits from marriage under state law, the administration of Gov. James
Douglas has moved to change state rules regarding eligibility for Medicaid-funded nursing home
care to provide such coverage to civil union partners without resort to federal funds.
There had
been a fear articulated that any attempt to use federal Medicaid appropriations to provide benefits
to civil union couples could have run afoul of the federal Defense of Marriage Act and subjected
Vermont to a loss of federal Medicaid funding.
Said a spokesperson from the Agency of Human
Services, "The administration has always been concerned about trying to ensure that we did not
run afoul of prevailing laws.
On the one hand, we have an obligation to be mindful of the larger
Medicaid program and to protect it.
But, through a lot of careful thought, we crafted a solution
that is in keeping with Vermont law." The rules changes necessary to effectuate the solution were
approved on July 10 by the Legislature's Administrative Rules Committee.
_Barre Montpelier
Times_, July 11. A.S.L.
U.S. Law & Society Notes
_National_ - Hope springs eternal....
On June 17, the Southern Baptist Convention announced a
new initiate to reach out to gay people and cure them of their homosexuality through faith.
"Homosexuals can find freedom from this sinful, destructive lifestyle," said Richard Land, head
of the denomination's public policy arm, as quoted by the Associated Press. "They can be
redeemed. They can be liberated." These statements were based on faith, of course, since there is
no scientific evidence that sexual orientation can be altered through prayer or faith.
But then, of
course, religion is about faith, not scientific evidence. _Associated Press_, June 17, 2003.
_National_ - John Ashcroft strikes again!
For several years, lesbian and gay employees of the
U.S. Justice Department have held a gay pride month ceremony in the department's 'Great Hall',
presenting awards, celebrating gay pride month, and usually hearing some welcoming words
from a ranking official of the department.
Such was the case in 2002, when Deputy Attorney
General Larry Thompson spoke to the assembly of about 150 people.
But late in May, word
went to the leaders of the department's gay employees group that the event could not be held,
ostensibly because such events are only held for occasions that have been recognized in
presidential proclamations, and unlike Bill Clinton, who issued annual proclamations for gay
pride month, George Bush has stated opposition to "politicizing" sexuality by any sort of formal
recognition of gay people or causes.
Adverse press comment led to backing and filling by
department spokespersons, who claimed without any credibility that there had been
miscommunications about what was decided, but that the ceremony could be held - but no high
agency official would participate and the gay employee group would have to bear all expenses of
the event.
Responding to this, the gay employee group held their event at another location - the
U.S. Capitol building, at the invitation of Senator Frank Lautenberg (D.-N.J.). _Associated
Press_, June 11; _Washington Blade_, June 20.
_National - Private Sector_ - Wal-Mart, the world's largest retail sales organization and the
largest private sector employer in the United States, sent an email to all store managers on July 1
announcing a new corporate policing prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual
orientation.
Wal-Mart has amended both its employment and anti-harassment policies to forbid
discriminatory treatment of lesbian and gay workers, but has not yet decided to extend benefits to
domestic partners.
A spokesperson for the corporation attributed the new policy to requests
internally from employees who said they felt excluded.
Wal-Mart employes more than 1.3
million people at about 3,200 facilities in the U.S. and more than 1,000 facilities in other
countries.
The policy-change is company-wide.
According to a statement issued by Human
Rights Campaign, Wal-Mart's move leaves ExxonMobil as the only corporation among the top
10 in the country that lacks a non-discrimination policy covering sexual orientation.
318 out of
the Fortune 500 list ban such discrimination by formal policies. _Wall Street Journal_, July 3;
BNA _Daily Labor Report_ No. 128, 7/3/2003. * * * Eli Lilly told its employees on June 9 that it
would be extending benefits eligibility for same-sex and opposite-sex domestic partners.
Lilly
was among the last of the major pharmaceutical companies to grant this benefit, and a company
spokesperson emphasized that it was done to be competitive in the labor market, not to make a
political statement. _Indianapolis Business Journal_, June 9.
_California_ - Disciplinary rules for judges in California require them to refrain from joining
organizations that discriminate on any grounds prohibited by law, including sexual orientation,
but the rules contain an exception for membership in youth organizations.
In light of the anti-gay
stance by the Boy Scouts of America, there had been calls for the California Supreme Court to
interpret the rules to require all state court judges to refrain from any association with the Scouts.
However, on June 17, the Court issued new ethical standards under which judges could continue
their association with the Scouts.
However, the Court stated, any judge who maintained such a
membership would have to disclose such membership to litigants and recuse themselves in any
case where it would present the appearance of bias or a conflict of interest relevant to the
litigation. _San Francisco Chronicle_, _The Recorder_, June 19.
_Massachusetts_ - According to a report in the _Washington Blade_ on June 20, the
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has revised its ethical code for state judges for the first
time in 30 years, and has introduced "sexual orientation" into the list of prohibited grounds of
discrimination.
The code, which takes effect Oct. 1, will also ban judges from joining groups
that practice discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, although it exempts membership in
churches, the military, and any other "intimate, purely private organization."
_New Hampshire_ - The Anglican Church was torn world-wide over the announcement that an
openly-gay man, V. Gene Robinson, had been elected bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of New
Hampshire.
(There were bigger waves in England, where the appointment of the first openly-gay
Bishop appeared ready to cause a major church schism and led the government to pressure the
individual involved to withdraw his nomination, even though it had been approved by the Queen,
who is titular head of the Church of England.)
The choice remains controversial, and may
eventually cause a split between the American church and other national Anglican churches.
_Boston Globe_, June 9.
_Ohio_ - The Presbyterian Church establishment in the Cincinnati area voted to remove Rev.
Stephen Van Kuiken from his ministry at Mt. Auburn Presbyterian Church in Cincinnati because
he was continuing to perform marriage ceremonies for same-sex couples. _Los Angeles Times_,
June 17.
_Pennsylvania_ - Last month, we reported on the apparently courageous and principled decision
by the Cradle of Liberty Council of the Boy Scouts of America to eschew the national
organization's policy of discrimination against gay people.
We spoke too soon.
After receiving
adverse comment from the national organization, the Council backed down and indicated that its
new non-discrimination policy applied only to the "Learning for Life" Program, not to
membership or leadership of Scout units, and then kicked out an openly-gay member who had
been the focus of some press attention in connection with the newly-announced policy.
Local
Scout executives took the position that they had enacted a "don't ask, don't tell" policy, under
which the gay member could have remained had he not spoken to the press.
Jerks!
_Washington
Blade_, June 20.
The Pew Charitable Trusts reacted to the news by withdrawing a $100,000
grant, which had been given to the Council on the understanding that they did not discriminate in
membership. _Washington Blade_, June 27.
_Rhode Island_ - The _Providence Journal_ devoted a lengthy article on July 6 to recounting
how the local Boy Scouts troops in Rhode Island have quietly but firmly stated their opposition
to the national BSA anti-gay policies, and have communicated those disagreements to the
national organization.
So far, they have not lost their Scout charters, and most of their sponsors
for the individual troops have stayed with them.
Recently, Providence's Mayor, David N.
Cicilline, was a distinguished guest for the Eagle Court of Honor convened by Troop 28 in
Providence.
Cicilline, who is openly gay, complimented the Troop for its opposition to the
national policy, and was described in turn by the assistant scoutmaster as a "role model for all our
boys."
We note the passing of psychologist C.A. Tripp, age 83, who was the author of _The
Homosexual Matrix_, a 1975 book that played a significant role in moving professional opinion
towards acceptance of a homosexual orientation as a natural and healthy one.
As such, Tripp
should be recognized as one of the intellectual forces behind the move towards societal
acceptance of equality for lesbians and gay men.
Tripp died from cancer on May 31.
_Washington Blade_, June 13.
A.S.L.
Civil Partnerships (Same-Sex Only) Proposed for England and Wales
On June 30, the United Kingdom Government (Department of Trade and Industry, Women and
Equality Unit) published a consultation document entitled:
"Civil Partnership:
A framework for the
legal recognition of same-sex couples,"
http://www.womenandequalityunit.gov.uk/research/index.htm (comments can be submitted until
Sept. 30).
The consultation is expected to lead to the introduction of a bill during the next session
of the U.K. Parliament, which begins in November.
The bill would apply only to England and
Wales, because the Scottish Parliament and the Northern Ireland Assembly (currently suspended)
have jurisdiction over family law.
Civil partnerships are intended to be a substitute for civil marriage for same-sex couples, as "the
Government has no plans to introduce same-sex marriage."
Unmarried different-sex couples will
therefore be excluded, even though many would prefer a civil partnership to a civil marriage, and
many same-sex couples would prefer a civil marriage to a civil partnership. "Separate but equal" is
the plan, but how equal the rights and obligations will be remains to be seen.
The consultation
document proposes that registered same-sex partners and married different-sex partners be treated
equally in such areas as immigration, giving evidence in court, decisions on behalf of incapable
adults, prison visiting, domestic violence, welfare benefits, state pensions and bereavement benefits,
alimony, property division, wrongful death claims, dependants' claims against a will, intestacy, and
succession to rented housing.
However, if the Government proceeds with this "enumeration"
approach (registered partners have specified rights and obligations), rather than the Scandinavian
"subtraction" approach (registered partners have all the rights and obligations of married partners,
except as specified), it is likely that many rights and obligations will be missed.
Whichever approach
is adopted, joint and second-parent adoption by unmarried or unregistered couples (different-sex or
same-sex) will be permitted once the Adoption and Children Act 2002 comes into force (see Dec.
2002 Law Notes).
The consultation document does not address the question of improving the legal situation of
different-sex and same-sex partners who do not marry or register, whether as a result of a mutual or
unilateral decision or simple neglect.
Nor does it propose a formal legislative extension to
unregistered same-sex partners of the existing, limited rights and obligations of unmarried different-sex partners who are "living as husband and wife" (e.g., wrongful death claims, succession to rented
housing).
The Court of Appeal (of England and Wales) held in _Mendoza v. Ghaidan_, [2002] 4
All England Reports 1162 (Dec. 2002 Law Notes), that "living as husband and wife" must be
interpreted as including same-sex partners, under the Human Rights Act 1998, but Mendoza has
been appealed to the House of Lords. _Robert Wintemute_
European Court of Justice Advocate General's Opinion: Denial of Employment Benefits to
Transsexual Partner Is
Sex Discrimination
On June 10, Advocate General (Mr.) Dámaso Ruiz-Jarabo Colomer of the European Court of Justice
in Luxembourg (E.C.J.) delivered his Opinion (available at http://europa.eu.int/jurisp/cgi-bin/form.pl?lang=en) in Case C-117/01, _K.B. v. National Health Service Pensions Agency_.
The
case, referred to the E.C.J. by the Court of Appeal (of England and Wales), concerns the non-eligibility of the transsexual male partner of a non-transsexual female employee for a "widower's
pension" if she were to pre-decease him.
Under the rules of the pension plan, only a legal spouse
qualifies for a survivor's pension.
Under current United Kingdom law, the employee's transsexual
male partner is considered legally female, despite having had gender reassignment surgery.
As a
result, they are legally a same-sex couple and unable to marry.
A.G. Ruiz-Jarabo Colomer's Opinion,
which is not binding on the E.C.J. but could prove highly persuasive, urges the E.C.J. to interpret
European Community sex discrimination law as follows:
"The prohibition on discrimination based
on sex [with regard to an employee's 'pay'], laid down in Article 141 [of the E.C. Treaty], precludes
national rules which, by not recognising the right of transsexuals to marry in their acquired sex,
den[y] them entitlement to a widow(er)'s pension."
K.B. falls between two prior E.C.J. decisions:
Case C-13/94, _P. v. S. and Cornwall County
Council_, [1996] European Court Reports I-2143 (dismissal of a transsexual employee "for a reason
related to a gender reassignment" is sex discrimination), and Case C-249/96, _Grant v. South-West
Trains_, [1998] E.C.R. I-621 (denial of an employment benefit to an employee's same-sex partner,
where unmarried different-sex partners qualify, is not sex discrimination).
Applying _Grant_, there
is clearly no sex discrimination in K.B.
Applying _P._, denying an employment benefit "for a reason
related to a gender reassignment" could be sex discrimination.
Colomer raised the question of "whether [it] is reasonable to select marriage as the relationship upon
which the grant ... of a widow(er)'s pension is conditional," and whether "on grounds of fairness,
cases of genuine cohabitation having no official recognition [should be] equated to marriage."
He
observed that he is "convinced that the law must follow that course as it evolves," but that it is
"perhaps premature" to decide the point in _K.B._
Instead, he framed the issue as whether a
particular impediment to the marriage necessary to qualify for the pension (e.g., the employee's
partner is transsexual, is of the same sex, is underage, lacks capacity to consent, is already married
to a third party, or is in a relationship of consanguinity with the employee) is "an expression of
discrimination based on sex."
Colomer found that "the unequal treatment to which transsexuals are subject amounts to sexual
discrimination," because "the impediment to marriage in [K.B.] is based on ... the gender
reassignment of [the employee's partner], which is covered by Article 141 E.C., following [P.]."
"[P]roblems related to transsexualism are not to be confused with those relating to sexual
orientation."
His conclusion was strengthened by the fact that 13 of 15 European Union Member
States (all but the U.K. and Ireland) allow transsexual persons to marry a person of their birth sex,
and by _Christine Goodwin v. U.K._ (Eur. Ct. Human Rights, July 11, 2002, Sept. 2002 LGLN),
which held that Articles 8 (respect for private life) and 12 (right to marry) of the European
Convention on Human Rights require all 45 Council of Europe Member States to permit transsexual
persons to change their birth certificates and to marry a person of their birth sex.
The fact that the discrimination directly affects, not a right protected by the E.C. Treaty (equal pay,
including pension benefits), but a precondition for the enjoyment of this right (access to civil
marriage), does not make a difference. "It is not a question of developing 'European matrimonial
law' [family law is seen as falling within the exclusive jurisdiction of Member States] but of
ensuring that the principle that there should be no discrimination based on sex is fully effective."
The same would be true of a "national rule which excludes women from ... obtaining a qualification
which is a necessary precondition for earning money."
A.G. Ruiz-Jarabo Colomer
concluded:
"Transsexuals suffer the anguish of being convinced that they are victims of an error on the part of
nature. Many have chosen suicide. At the end of a long and painful process, in which hormone
treatment is followed by delicate surgery, medical science can offer them partial relief by making
their external physical features correspond as far as possible to those of the sex to which they feel
they belong.
To my mind it is wrong that the law should take refuge in purely technical expedients
in order to deny full recognition of an assimilation which has been so painfully won."
_Robert
Wintemute_
U.K. House of Lords Rejects Sex Discrimination Arguments of Gay and Lesbian Employees
On June 19, a five-judge panel of the (judicial) House of Lords, the United Kingdom's highest court,
unanimously rejected arguments that the dismissal of a gay member of the Royal Air Force (R.A.F.),
and a public school's failure to deal with the harassment of a lesbian teacher by her students, violated
the employment provisions of the Sex Discrimination Act 1975.
The arguments were made in
_Macdonald v. Advocate General for Scotland_, on appeal from the Court of Session, Inner House
(Scotland) (Summer 2001 Law Notes), and _Pearce v. Governing Body of Mayfield School_, on
appeal from the Court of Appeal (England and Wales).
The Law Lords combined the cases into a
single ruling.
Three Law Lords rejected the sex discrimination argument without significant analysis.
Lord
Nicholls repeated the standard response:
the armed forces' policy "discriminated between people
solely on the ground of their sexual orientation, not on the ground of their sex. The policy was
gender neutral, applicable alike to men and women ..."
The appropriate "comparator" for a
"homosexual" (attracted-to-men) man like Macdonald was a "homosexual" (attracted-to-women)
woman, who would also have been dismissed, not a heterosexual (attracted-to-men) woman, who
would not have been dismissed.
For a "homosexual" (attracted-to-women) woman like Pearce, it
was a "homosexual" (attracted-to-men) man, who would also have been harassed, not a heterosexual
(attracted-to-women) man, who would not have been harassed.
The apparent symmetry of treatment
of men and women was sufficient for Lord Nicholls, even though he agreed that a refusal to serve
mixed-race couples but not same-race couples would be racial discrimination, and that a refusal to
employ Roman Catholic bartenders in Protestant-majority pubs in Northern Ireland (and vice versa)
would be religious discrimination.
For Lord Scott, the sex discrimination argument "is ... fallacious. The fallacy ... is produced by an
unjustifiable re-writing of the reason for the dismissal ['homosexual', in the case of a man, means
'sexually attracted to men']. A homosexual is a person who is sexually attracted to those of the same
sex as himself or herself. ...
[T]he reason for the dismissal is the employee's homosexuality. The
reason would apply indiscriminately to men or to women. It is a gender neutral reason. To treat the
homosexuality reason as being gender specific is to treat it as something that it is not."
Lord
Hobhouse attempted to demonstrate the irrelevance of sex as follows: "Suppose that an employer
advertises a vacancy saying - 'the job is suitable for either a man or a woman but anyone who is a
homosexual [has sexual partners inappropriate to their sex] will not be considered. Or, suppose that
a personnel manager simply receives a letter which does not disclose the sender's gender but does
disclose that he or she is a homosexual [has sexual partners inappropriate to their sex], and replies
refusing employment. In neither case can the discrimination have been on the ground of sex since
the person, in the latter example, did not know the inquirer's sex and, in the former, expressly
excluded the relevance of sex."
As for the appropriate "comparator," "[t]he common factor is
homosexuality, being attracted to members of the same sex as oneself. The argument of the
appellants has attempted to discard the common factor and, by redefining it, construct another in
order to contradict it. A homosexual man is not the same as a heterosexual woman and it is
surprising that the argument that he was should have persuaded anyone."
(It did persuade Lord
Prosser in the Court of Session and Lady Justice Hale, but for binding precedent, in the Court of
Appeal.)
Lord Hope and Lord Rodger took the sex discrimination argument more seriously and discussed it
at considerable length.
Lord Hope found the following flaw: "The proposition that Mr Macdonald,
who is attracted by males, should be compared with a woman who is attracted by males involves
changing not only the sex of the comparator but also her sexual orientation [a 'relevant
circumstance' which must be kept constant]. ... The search is for a comparator whose circumstances
are the same as those of the claimant except for his sex. The comparator's circumstances are not the
same as that of the homosexual if her sexual orientation is towards persons of the opposite sex."
Unlike Lord Prosser in the Court of Session, Lord Hope did not consider the fact that sexual
orientation is not a "sex-neutral" characteristic, like holding a law degree, because an individual's
sexual orientation cannot be defined without knowing the individual's sex.
The requirement in s.
5(3) of the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 that the "relevant circumstances" (e.g., job qualifications)
must be the same in the case of the claimant and in the case of the "comparator" does not apply to
the sex of the claimant or to any characteristic of the claimant defined by reference to the claimant's
sex.
Lord Rodger noted that "[i]f sound, the appellants' approach is undoubtedly far-reaching. At first
sight, it might seem as if it would turn every claim for discrimination on the ground of sexual
orientation into a claim for discrimination on the ground of sex under the 1975 Act. Which, again,
might be thought to run counter to Parliament's intention."
Although the armed forces' policy could
be broken down into two parallel statements ("if men admit to being attracted to men while serving
 they will be required to leave ... if women admit to being attracted to women while serving 
they will be required to leave ..."), "the statement relating to males has to be considered along with
the parallel statement relating to females. When taken together, the two statements would still make
up a gender-neutral policy for dealing with homosexuals ..."
Even though House of Lords decisions have established that the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 does
not require any intention to treat women as a group less favourably than men as a group (or vice
versa), but only the objective use of sex as a distinguishing criterion, Lord Rodger reasoned as
follows: "[I]f a night club advertises an evening for '[same-sex] couples' ... [it] has no preference
for men rather than women or for women rather than men. ... It would be absurd to suggest that, by
not permitting a woman to enter in the company of a man, the doorman treats her less favourably,
on the ground of her sex, than a man who wants to be admitted along with another man. Rather, the
doorman is enforcing the club policy for this particular evening, which is to limit admission to
homosexual couples and to exclude heterosexual couples. ... Similarly, if a male officer in the R.A.F.
had said to his commanding officer that he was attracted to Evelyn, the commanding officer would
have had to discover Evelyn's gender simply in order to know whether the R.A.F.'s homosexuality
policy applied. Had a female officer said the same thing, the commanding officer would have had
to ask exactly the same question for the same reason. The fact that these questions had to be asked
does not mean that the R.A.F. - any more than the ... the doorman of the night club - were
discriminating on the ground of sex, by favouring women over men or vice versa. ... Since the R.A.F.
policy was designed to treat homosexual men and homosexual women equally, it is not to be
compared with the racial discrimination legislation which the United States Supreme Court struck
down in _Loving v Virginia_ ... The intention of the Virginian legislature was to maintain white
supremacy by preventing a white person from marrying an 'inferior' black person. ... [S]ince in
adopting their policy the R.A.F.'s aim was not to treat persons of one sex less favourably than
persons of the other, it is legitimate ... to have regard to the fact that a female homosexual was to be
dismissed just like a male homosexual."
The sex discrimination argument has now bombed before the European Court of Justice in _Grant
v. South-West Trains_, [1998] E.C.R. I-621, and before the House of Lords in _Macdonald_ and
_Pearce_.
Despite what Lord Rodger described as its "impeccable" logic, most judges simply do not
like it.
This is partly because it is too powerful:
it applies not only to discrimination against lesbian
and gay employees, but also to exclusion of same-sex couples from civil marriage, and (most
disturbingly of all!) to employers' sex-specific dress codes.
At the _Macdonald_ oral argument on
Jan. 22, Lord Scott asked whether the appellant's argument meant that a man would have to be
permitted to wear a female flight attendant's uniform.
Imminent U.K. legislation on sexual
orientation discrimination in employment was also a major factor (see next item).
Having failed
under the Sex Discrimination Act 1975, Macdonald and Pearce might now seek remedies under the
European Convention on Human Rights from the European Court of Human Rights.
They could not
rely on the Convention in U.K. courts because their cases arose before the Human Rights Act 1998
came into force on Oct. 2, 2000.
_Robert Wintemute_
U.K. Bans Sexual Orientation Discrimination in Employment Effective December 1, 2003
On June 25, the U.K. Parliament granted final approval to the non-retroactive Employment Equality
(Sexual Orientation) Regulations 2003, Statutory Instrument 2003 No. 1661, which became law on
June 26.
From Dec. 1, the Regulations will implement the European Community's Council Directive
2000/78/EC by prohibiting discrimination and harassment because of sexual orientation in
employment and post-secondary education in England, Wales and Scotland (separate regulations will
apply to Northern Ireland).
Their imminent adoption was a major disincentive for the House of
Lords to recognise the application of the existing Sex Discrimination Act 1975 (which also covers
primary and secondary education, housing, and the provision of goods and services) in _Macdonald_
and _Pearce_ (see preceding item).
The most controversial exceptions in the Regulations to the
prohibitions of direct discrimination (disparate treatment) and indirect discrimination (disparate
impact) based on sexual orientation are reg. 25 (exempting "anything which prevents or restricts
access to a benefit by reference to marital status," but not distinctions between different-sex and
same-sex unmarried partners) and reg. 7(3) (exempting employment "for purposes of an organised
religion" where the religion's doctrines or "the strongly held religious convictions of a significant
number of the religion's followers" require, e.g., a heterosexual, married or celibate employee).
When the Regulations were debated in the (legislative) House of Lords on June 17, a Government
minister, Lord Sainsbury of Turville, sought to allay fears about the breadth of reg. 7(3), which was
inserted at the last minute after reg. 7(2) (the general exception for "genuine and determining
occupational requirements"), at the request of the Church of England: "When drafting [reg.] 7(3),
we had in mind a very narrow range of employment: ministers of religion, plus a small number of
posts outside the clergy, including those who exist to promote and represent religion. ... [T]his is no
'blanket exception'. ... I believe that it would be very difficult under these regulations to show that
the job of a nurse in a care home exists, 'for the purposes of an organised religion'.
I would say
exactly the same in relation to a teacher at a faith school. Such jobs exist for the purposes of health
care and education. ...
It would [also] be very difficult for a church to argue that a requirement
related to sexual orientation applied to a post of cleaner, gardener or secretary. Religious doctrine
rarely has much to say about posts such as those. ... [Reg.] 7(3) ... applies to very few jobs. Only in
very limited circumstances would a requirement imposed on someone whose job does not involve
participation in religious activities be justified under [reg.] 7(3)."
Lesbian and gay individuals will be able to rely on Lord Sainsbury's statement in litigation
concerning reg. 7(3), unless the court or tribunal holds that reg. 7(3) is unambiguous.
They will also
be able to ask the court or tribunal to interpret reg. 7(3) in light of Council Directive 2000/78/EC,
which contains no equivalent exception.
And lesbian and gay employees or prospective employees
of the Church of England, which as the "established church" is arguably part of the public sector,
might be able to ignore the Regulations and rely directly on the Directive if reg. 7(3) goes beyond
what the Directive permits.
The Church of England's July 5 decision to force openly gay but celibate
Canon Jeffrey John to withdraw his acceptance of a promotion to Bishop of Reading would have
provided a good test case, had it arisen after Dec. 1. _Robert Wintemute_
Other International Notes
_Chile_ - The Congress of Chile has received a proposal to create a civil union status for same-sex partners.
In order to be eligible to register under the law, partners would have to have lived
together for at least two years; registration would generate eligibility for pensions and inheritance
rights. _Reuters_, June 11.
_Mexico_ - On June 9, President Vicente Fox signed into law a new anti-discrimination measure
that includes, for the first time in Mexico, "sexual preferences or civil status" on the list of
forbidden grounds for discrimination.
The law sets up a new National Council to Prevent
Discrimination to receive and act upon complaints.
The law has been criticized for failing to
establish penalties for violations, leaving it up to the Council to come up with enforcement
mechanisms. _Associated Press_, June 15.
_New Zealand_ - A bill to decriminalize prostitution and establish a licensed brothel system
passed in the legislature by one vote, and only because a Labour member who was opposed to the
measure agreed to abstain. Preliminary votes on various aspects of the bill leading up to passage
and shown slightly greater margins of support.
On the final vote, legislators were not subjected
to party discipline by the government. _New Zealand Herald_, June 25.
_South Africa_ - During a legislative budget debate in the Parliament, Minister of Public Service
and Administration Geraldine Fraser-Moleketi announced that an agreement had been reached
with the public service trade unions on regulatory language that will open up pension eligibility
for same-sex and opposite-sex domestic partners of public servants.
The prior regulations had
been found unconstitutionally discriminatory by the Constitutional Court in a case brought by a
lesbian judge and her partner. _News24.com (South Africa)_, June 13.
_United Kingdom_ - The British press has reported that the Queen's annual speech to open the
Parliament in November, which traditionally sets forth the government's legislative agenda for
the session, will include a call for a bill to establish civil partnerships for same-sex couples that
will provide the same legal rights as are enjoyed by married couples.
According to the
_Independent_, a London newspaper (June 18), "pension and property rightrs will be conferred
on homosexual couples for the first time - provided they agree to sign an official register of
partnerships.
The changes would transform the lives of gay and lesbian people, allowing them to
benefit from a dead spouse's pension, exempt them from inheritance tax on a partner's home and
give next of kin rights in hospitals." At the insistence of Barbara Roche, who had served until
recently as Equalities Minister, the intent was to make civil partnership as close to marriage as
possible, including provisions for formal dissolution in place of divorce.
Contrary to registered
partnership schemes in some other countries, the U.K. bill would not impose any living-together
time requirement as a prerequisite to partnership registration, which would become effective
immediately upon the filing of the document.
The _Independent_ commented on July 1 that the
proposed measure looked "certain to become law" as the Conservative party leadership has
agreed to give its members a free vote on the proposals.
There had been fears that the
Conservatives would use their majority position in the House of Lords to block the measure by
asserting party discipline.
The July 1 report included an itemized list of rights that will become
available to registered partners, which appears parallel to what has been provided for registered
partners in much of Western Europe in recent years.
_United Kingdom_ - The Church of England and the Anglican Church worldwide was convulsed
by the news of the appointment of Jeffrey John, an openly-gay man, as Bishop of Reading.
There
was talk that the appointment would produce a schism in the church.
After a short period of
silence and speculation, the recently-elevated Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams,
spiritual head of the church, stated his support for the appointment, taking the position that
John's sexual orientation was not relevant.
John has indicated that he is living within the
constraints of current church doctrine, which requires celibacy of gay clergy, although he did
acknowledge a life-partner, with whom he does not live but travels, visits, and has frequent
communication. A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Canadian Justice Minister Marton Cauchon has appointed David L. Corbett, an openly-gay
Toronto lawyer, to be a judge of the Superior Court of Justice of Ontario.
Corbett, 44, has taught
at several Canadian law schools and attained prominence as a gay rights litigator, having argued
an appeal seeking pension rights for gay partners before the Canadian Supreme Court.
_Washington Blade_, June 27.
Adam Ebbin, a former chief deputy commissioner of the Virginia Department of Labor &
Industry, is set to become the first openly-gay member of the Virginia legislature, having won the
Democratic primary in a district where there is no Republican opposition. _Washington Blade_,
June 13.
District of Columbia Mayor Anthony Williams has nominated Robert Spagnoletti, an openly-gay
lawyer who heads the Sex Offense and Domestic Violence Section of the U.S. Attorney's Office
in D.C., to become the next Corporation Counsel for the City.
If confirmed by the City Council,
Spagnoletti would become the city's chief attorney, heading a law department with 500
employees (including 220 attorneys).
The appointment would make him the highest-ranking
openly gay official in the Williams Administration. _Washington Blade_, June 6.
A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
NJ Appellate Division Upholds $300,000 Jury Verdict Against Doctor Who Didn't Know How
to Interpret an HIV Test
In _Doe v. Arts_, 2003 WL 21251440 (N.J.App.Div., June 2, 2003), the court upheld a $300,000
jury verdict against a doctor who misinterpreted a patient's HIV test results, causing the patient
wrongly to believe that he was infected and required medical treatment.
The opinion for the
appellate court by Presiding Judge Stern found that the plaintiff's emotional distress was
sufficient injury to ground a negligence award against the bumbling doctor.
Doe, then 33, moved in with his girlfriend, S.P., a widower whose late husband had died from
AIDS the prior year.
She had consistently tested negative for HIV, and wanted Doe to get a
blood test before solidifying their relationship.
She made an appointment with Dr. Paul Arts, her
family doctor, to get Doe tested.
Arts's assistant drew a blood sample from Doe early in March
1991 and sent it to the lab.
A few weeks later, Arts called S.P. and told her that Doe was HIV+
after the two had played phone tag on a few calls.
Finally Arts got Doe on the phone, told him
the "bad news" directly, and asked him if he had any idea how he could have become infected.
Arts told Doe that he and S.P. "must have been doing something together," a statement that
struck Doe as inappropriate.
According to Doe, Arts told him there could be no mistake in the
test, since it was done in two parts and the first showed that Doe "definitely got it" and the
second showed that he "probably got some time left to live." In a subsequent conversation, Arts
referred Doe to the Robert Wood Johnson Medical Center for follow-up and treatment.
It turns out that Arts misintrepreted the written test results, which showed that Doe's blood
specimen was "repeatedly reactive" on the ELISA screening test, but was "negative by Western
Blot for the detection of significant diagnostic bands for HIV-1," the standard confirmatory test
that is routinely performed if the ELISA test is positive.
The ELISA is overreactive and
generates many false positives, but the Western blot, a more sophisticated and expensive test, is
generally considered to be much more accurate in screening out false positive results.
Dr. Arts
evidently thought that the positive ELISA was definitive, and that the statement on the Western
blot merely meant that Doe had a low concentration of virus in his blood.
The court found that Arts is a board-certified family physician but not an HIV specialist,
although he had cared for S.P.'s husband prior to his death from AIDS.
However, Arts testified
that he was not an AIDS specialist and had only a handful of AIDS patients over the years.
When he testified at trial, he could not recall attending any seminar or lecture on HIV or having
read any texts or treatises on the subject.
Arts testified that he normally communicated HIV test
results by phone, and that he felt his medical training was sufficient for him to counsel
individuals about the significance of their test results.
(Not!)
When Doe went to RWJ Medical Center, he was not retested for HIV, as they did not have a
practice of reconfirming when a patient presented himself as HIV+.
However, they did run a T-cell test and determined his T-cells were too high for any of their experimental drug programs, so
they referred him to Raritan Bay Medical Center for monitoring.
Doe was not retested for HIV at
Raritan Bay, but they followed him for two and a half years, monitored his T-cells, and finally a
mental health counselor stated suspicions about whether Doe was really HIV-infected, in light of
his continued physical health.
They advised that he be retested, but first obtain a copy of the test
result from Dr. Arts to save money.
Arts had not saved the test result since he hadn't considered
Doe to be his patient, but a copy was obtained from the lab, at which point, of course, competent
hands discovered that it indicated Doe was negative, not positive.
In the meantime, Doe had suffered severe emotional distress, had seriously considered suicide.
S.P. had broken off their relationship when she learned that he was infected, he had become
depressed, lost his business (he was a photographer), and was taking psychotropic medications
under a doctor's care.
A medical expert testified that Doe had "post traumatic stress disorder,"
major depression, severe insomnia, and a loss of sex drive, an classified his condition as
"permanent." (Not even partly cured by an award of $300,000?)
At any rate, the jury evidently agreed with Doe that Arts had failed to meet professional
standards in his case, although they found no liability on the part of RJW or Raritan Bay,
inasmuch as the professional standards then prevailing would not require retesting of a new
patient who presents himself as having previously tested HIV+, since a false positive after a
Western blot confirmation was quite rare.
In upholding the verdict on appeal, Judge Stern found that "the proofs justify a finding that Arts
breached the standard of care by failing to give plaintiff pre-test and post-test counseling, by
misinterpreting the test results, by incorrectly advising plaintiff that he was HIV-positive, and by
giving the results over the telephone rather than informing plaintiff in person.
In addition, Arts
may have breached standards of confidentiality by disclosing the results to S.P.
Moreover,
despite the fact that the duration of distress would have been substantially reduced had Robert
Wood Johnson or Raritan Bay retested plaintiff, Arts can be charged with the proximate
consequences of his misdiagnosis.
In any event, Arts seemed unaware of the consequences
stemming from the fact that, in 1991, HIV treatment centers did not generally retest patients who
reported positive test results." While expert testimony showed that Arts acted properly in
referring Doe for treatment to a more specialized healthcare provider, his initial misdiagnosis
was the root cause of Doe's injury, and so the court found that the trial court did not err in
denying Arts' motion for a new trial, and found that Arts could be held responsible for the
emotional distress suffered by Doe.
The court rejected Arts' attempt to rely on a large body of cases that hold that damages for fear of
contracting AIDS should be limited to a rather short period of time when an individual could
have dispelled the fear by being tested.
The problem was that those were generally cases brought
by individuals who had suffered needle-stick injuries or for some other reason came to think that
they might be HIV+ but who had not yet been tested, and whose subsequent test results showed
they were uninfected.
The court found these cases did not present an apt analogy to Doe's
situation. "The is not a 'fear of AIDS' case because it does not involve the emotional reaction to
plaintiff's possible exposure to body fluids carrying HIV," wrote Stern, who asserted that
"informing a patient that he or she is HIV positive undoubtedly gives rise to emotional distress
beyond the fear of contracting AIDS." The court rejected Arts' argument that RWJ or Raritan
should be held culpable, or that their "negligence" in not testing Doe was relevant to the claim
against him.
Turning to the damages, Stern found that "an element of post-traumatic stress disorder can be
permanent psychological harm, as charged here. . .
Thus, the trial judge did not err in charging
the jury that it could consider alleged damages from the distress that occurred even after plaintiff
knew that he was HIV-negative." A.S.L.
Federal Court Rules on Retaliation and Denial of Medication Claims by HIV+ Prisoner
In _Soto v. Iacavino_, 2003 WL 21281762 (U.S.Dist.Ct., S.D.N.Y., June 4, 2003), an HIV+ New
York inmate alleged that he was deprived of his constitutional right to medical care in violation
of 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983.
Efrain Soto initiated claims, pro se, alleging that for filing grievances
against his penal custodians he was a victim of retaliatory transfer, denial of medical care, and
destruction of his personal property.
The Defendants filed motions for summary judgment on all
claims.
District Judge Martin, ruling on defendants summary judgment motions, dismissed the
claims against the prison Superintendent and Deputy Superintendent.
However, Martin's opinion
varied regarding the corrections officers and the nursing staff.
He found sufficient evidence to
maintain the causes of action for retaliatory transfer and destruction of personal property against
the guards, but doubted and denied the causal connection between withholding the medical care
and any adverse action.
Judge Martin dismissed the claims against the superintedent and deputy superintendent because
they failed to allege any personal involvement by defendants in the retaliatory actions. "It is well
settled in this Circuit that personal involvement of defendants in alleged constitutional
deprivations is a prerequisite to an award of damages under section 1983," he wrote.
The claims
of retaliation against the nursing staff were stated much more sufficiently.
In order for a plaintiff
to maintain a claim for retaliatory denial of medical care, he must establish that there was a
"deliberate indifference to [his] medical needs." Judge Martin found that this element of
recklessness had been met.
However, in order to establish that there was conduct constituting a
cause of action under Section 1983 for retaliatory action in violation of the 1st Amendment, Soto
must have demonstrated that 1) the speech or conduct was protected 2) that the defendant took
adverse action against him and 3) that there was some causal connection between the protected
speech or conduct and the adverse action.
The claim failed to allege any causal connection
between Soto's grievance filings and any guard's or nurse's failure to provide him with his
medicines.
Soto did successfully state a cause of action against various guards for retaliatory transfer and
destruction of his personal property in retaliation.
Transfer of a prisoner is otherwise
constitutional and permissible even in retaliation, unless it is in retaliation against conduct rooted
in the First Amendment.
Judge Martin held that conclusively alleging retaliation is not enough.
The controlling precedent mandates that facts must be stated sufficient to show a causal
connection between the conduct protected by the First Amendment and the retaliatory action.
Martin opined that Soto, in his complaint, laid out a chronology of facts in which such a
conclusion could permissibly be inferred.
The motions against the nursing staff for reckless medical care outside the scope of Section 1983
will be decided at trial.
The various officers accused of retaliating against speech protected by
the First Amendment will also be tried. _Joshua Feldman_
AIDS Litigation Notes
_Federal - Second Circuit - New York_ - In _Henrietta D. v. Bloomberg_, 331 F.3d 261 (2nd
Cir., June 9, 2003), the court unanimously affirmed the 2001 decision by U.S. District Judge
Sterling Johnson, Jr., reported at 119 F. Supp. 2d 181 (E.D.N.Y.), which found that New York
City residents with HIV/AIDS were being denied their federal rights by the city due to blatant
inadequacies in city benefits programs.
In the course of so ruling, Circuit Judge Katzmann wrote
for the court rejecting the City's argument that a person asserting a discrimination claim based on
inadequacies in a program rather than overt discrimination must show that the inadequacies have
a disparate impact on persons with disabilities in order to state a claim under the Rehabilitation
Act or the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Because this case arose under the public services
provisions rather than the employment provisions of the ADA, the court rejected the City's
attempt to argue that there was no denial of federal rights on the basis of disabilities because all
potential benefits recipients, regardless whether they were disabled, were provided with
inadequate services.
According to Judge Katzmann, in order to come within the protection of the
statutes, a plaintiff need only show that she is a person with a disability and that she has been
excluded from or denied benefits "by reason of such disability." In this case, it was shown that
people with HIV/AIDS had particular problems in accessing city benefits programs, and that the
City had attempted to accommodate them by establishing a special division in the welfare
bureaucracy, but that failures in funding and staffing had made that division disfunctional.
The
City also claimed at oral argument that things had gotten much better since the case was heard in
the trial court, but just a month after the 2nd Circuit's decision, the media featured a new report
showing that inadequacies continued to plague the program. A.S.L.
_Federal - 3rd Circuit - Pennsylvania_ - Whatever happened to equity? A recent ruling from the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit underscores the truly subjective nature of jurisprudence
with respect to parol evidence. In _Pienkowski v. Higgins_, 2003 WL 21267484 (June 3, 2003),
the appellants claimed that in 1997 they had conveyed some sixty acres of land to the appellee in
exchange for a promise by the appellee, Higgins, to care for appellants' HIV+ son. Higgins'
entire defense appears to have consisted in simply denying any such promise, and maintaining
that the land was a gift.
While the record does not suggest any reason for such a gift, other than
that claimed by appellants, both the District Court and the Third Circuit held that there was
insufficient evidence of the oral agreement for it to be enforceable. Probably most damaging to
the appellant's case was the fact that there was no mention of the oral contract in the deed. The
court's opinion, which gives but scant consideration to the merits of the case, observes that the
record reflects that the land transaction took place at the insistence of appellants' HIV+ son, but
does not discuss this curiosity further. Most notably absent is any discussion of the equity - or
even the rationale - of enforcing a contract which seems to have been made without even
nominal consideration, and at least allegedly on the basis of an oral promise that was not kept.
_Joseph Griffin_
_Federal - Georgia_ - A federal district court ruled on June 16 that even if an employee was
discharged by McDonald's because they believed she was HIV+, the ADA would not be violated
if the person responsible for the discharge decisions did not regard the individual as being
disqualified from a "class or broad range of jobs." _Iduoze v. McDonald's Corporation_, 2003
WL 34110498 (N.D. Ga.).
District Judge Camp found that the person who made the decision to
terminate Augusta Iduoze was not aware that Iduoze had been advised by her doctor on returning
from a vacation trip to Africa to have an HIV test, and indeed the decision to terminate was made
due to Iduoze's unauthorized absenteeism even before her doctor had made that
recommendation.
Iduoze had alternatively argued that another management official, who was
aware that she had been advised to take an HIV test, had significantly affected the decision out of
an incorrect believe that Iduoze was HIV+ and thus should not be engaged in food-handling jobs.
Judge Camp found that in order to be protected under the ADA "regarded as having a disability"
category, Iduoze would have to show that the manager involved not only regarded her as being
HIV+ but also regarded HIV-infection as a disqualification for a wide range of jobs, not just
food-handling jobs.
In short, applying the recent Supreme Court-approved analysis for defanging
the ADA, Camp essentially found that restaurants can discriminate against those they believe to
be HIV+ in dealing with food-handling positions, despite lack of evidence that HIV is spread
through food-handling, so long as they can show that they would not find such employees to be
disqualified for other kinds of employment. A.S.L.
_Federal - Illinois_ - In _Cotton v. Alexian Brothers Bonaventure House_, 2003 WL 21530342
(N.D. Ill., July 7, 2003), U.S. District Judge Kennelly was faced with complaints by two former
residents of a housing unit funded through HOPWA, the federal law providing financial
assistance for PWA housing, both of whom were told to leave the housing unit without any
advanced written notice or other form of due process.
The plaintiffs claimed that their evictions
violated both HOPWA and state and local landlord/tenant law in failing to give them an
opportunity for a pre-eviction hearing as well as written notice of the reasons for their eviction
from the facilities.
In both case, the defendant alleged that the individual's misbehavior was
presenting a risk to other residents.
While sympathetic to defendant's argument, the court found
that HOPWA does require written notice of reasons for eviction as well as some meaningful
hearing process, which was not afforded here.
However, the court held that group housing for
PWA's under HOPWA is not subject to the regulatory authority of local landlord/tenant law, as
the residents are not residential tenants as such.
A.S.L.
_California_ - In another rebuff to Gov. Gray Davis on his heavy-handed administration of the
prison parole process, the California 2nd District Court of Appeal ruled June 5 in _In re Mark
Smith_, 2003 WL 21290897, that there was no evidence in the record to support the governor's
determination that Mark Smith should not be released on parole after having served more than
the minimum of 16 years of his prison sentence on a second-degree murder conviction.
Smith
was a drug dealer who was implicated in the murder of another dealer on the orders of a
dissatisfied customer.
The facts of the crime remain disputed, but there is significant indication
that Smith was unarmed and did not personally participate in killing the victim, although he was
complicit and failed to take steps to prevent the murder.
After about a decade of incarceration,
he was diagnosed HIV+ in 1994 and deteriorated significantly in prison, despite a rigorous
medication regimen.
The Parole Board determined, based on substantial medical evidence, that
his prognosis was poor.
His HIV condition was complicated by chemotherapy treatment for
tonsil cancer, and he had also suffered a heart attack in prison and was experiencing serious
memory problems.
His prison record was relatively clean and the parole board recommended
that he be released.
Gov. Davis, following what appears to be his normal practice of virtually
never granting parole to anybody convicted of murder, issued a short opinion which, the court
found, seriously misrepresented the nature of Smith's participation in the crime and was full of
misstatements concerning relevant facts.
One wonders who writes these things for the governor,
as it is embarrassing to read the court's opinion.
A.S.L.
_Mississippi_ - In an unpublished ruling, the Court of Appeals of Mississippi upheld the
conviction of Michael Curry on a "fondling" charge, but remanded the case for re-sentencing due
to his HIV+ status. _Curry v. State of Mississippi_,
2003 WL 21448839 (June 24, 2003).
Curry,
who represented himself, Curry had been convicted in 2000 and sentenced to two terms of ten
years in prison for "fondling" (whom we are not told) by a Circuit Court.
The sentence was
suspended with 5 years probation, but Curry violated his probation and, at his request, was sent
to a Regimented Inmate Discipline (RID) Program. In November 2001, after a blood screening
for new prisoners, he learned that he was HIV+ and was placed in a special unit for HIV+
prisoners. Curry argued that his HIV+ status was new evidence and justified a review of his
sentence. Entry into the special unit had the effect of extending his sentence. The Circuit Court
denied his petition and he appealed. The Court of Appeals ordered the Circuit Court to re-examine the sentence in light of Curry's HIV+ status, finding that "further consideration is
warranted in the matter of the court's resulting sentence of Curry that permitted him to
participate in the RID Program in hopes of obtaining an early release from confinement." The
court noted that Curry's failure to complete the RID Program was not his fault and that the
Circuit Court did not know of his HIV+ status. The court found that "requir[ing] Curry to serve
the entire balance of his sentence in the general prison population does not necessarily reflect the
evident intention of the trial court to devise an alternate sentence that was less severe than this
available option." _Daniel R Schaffer_
_Nebraska_ - The Court of Appeals of Nebraska rejected a former inmate's suit seeking damages
for having been placed in segregation due to his HIV status. _Thomas v. State of Nebraska_,
2003 WL 21398035 (June 17, 2003) (not officially published).
Thomas, who was incarcerated
on a forgery and theft conviction beginning in Nov. 1994, was placed in segregation on July 23,
1997, after prison officials became aware that he had been engaging in unprotected sex with
other male inmates, and one of those inmates tested HIV+.
He appealed these decisions.
Although an internal committee recommended that he be returned to general population, the
Director's review committee rejected the recommendation, as well as a later recommendation
that he be transferred to a different facility.
The prison's policy was that inmates who are HIV+
will be housed in general prison population unless it appears that they are sexually active in
prison, in which case they will be segregated until it is determined that they no longer present a
threat to safety.
Thomas was paroled in March 2002.
The court found that his request for
injunctive relief was moot due to his parole, but that his demand for monetary damages remained
viable.
However, the court concluded that there was evidence of Thomas's sexual activity
providing a reasonable basis for the segregation order, and thus Thomas's due process rights
were not violated. A.S.L.
_Ohio_ - In _Grant v. Becton Dickinson & Co._, 2003-Ohio-2826, 2003 WL 21267787 (June 3,
2002), the Ohio Court of Appeals, 10th District, reversed a trial court decision to certify a class
action against the defendant, a manufacturer of hollow-bore medical devices which have been
implicated in a wide range of needle-stick injuries in which health care workers claim to have
been exposed to HIV and other blood-borne pathogens.
While the court found that most of the
requirements for class certification had been met, it was not appropriate to revolve in one
consolidated proceeding claims regarding a variety of different medical devices with different
designs that could present different issues under current products liability laws.
In reversing, the
court suggested that the trial court take another crack at the question, this time with the idea of
creating sub-classes to deal with each of the different products at issue. A.S.L.
_Ohio_ - In _Hosseinipour v. State Medical Board of Ohio_, 2003-Ohio-2392, 2003 WL
21061314 (Court of Claims of Ohio, May 5, 2003), the court rejected a suit by Dr. Honneinipour,
who claims to have contracted HIV infection from a needle-stick injury while treating a patient
with AIDS, seeking to have his license to practice medicine reinstated.
Although the opinion by
Judge J. Warren Betts is somewhat oblique about the facts, it appears that Dr. Hosseinipour's
license to practice medicine in Ohio was permanently revoked on February 11, 1998, after a
hearing process in which he did not reveal that he was HIV-positive or that the conduct for which
he was being disciplined might have been due to AIDS-related dementia, which is now his claim.
Dr. Hosseinipour applied for "reinstatement" as a practicing physician, but his request to the
Board was refused in June 2000 and he filed this suit, claiming a violation of the Americans with
Disabilities Act and state law.
The court found that licensing decisions by the state medical
board are not subject to challenge under the ADA, and that there was no precedent for ordering
the medical board to reconsider a decision to revoke permanently a doctor's license due to
misconduct.
Hosseinipour claims that once his AIDS-related dementia was diagnosed and
properly treated, the mental problems it created were cured, and argued that he should be entitled
to show that he is capable of resuming medical practice, but the court was unsympathetic, noting
he had waived rights in the prior administrative proceedings and that he could have raised many
of these issues before the medical board in the first place. A.S.L.
AIDS Law and Society Notes
The Bush Administration has decided to crack down on AIDS prevention programs that dare to
instruct people in how to have sex safely rather than to abstain from having it.
Responding to
promptings from right-wing Republican Representative Mark Souder of Indiana, the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention has ordered the Stop AIDS Project in San Francisco to end some
of its programs that "appear to encourage or promote sexual activity" or risk losing half a million
dollars in federal funding on an annual basis.
The CDCP also contacted the San Francisco
Department of Public Health with a warning that federal money is not to be used to fund safer-sex education for gay men. [Evidently, the Bush Administration has undertaken a cost-benefit
analysis and found funerals for gay men less expensive than AIDS prevention activities. - Editor]
When the National Association of People with AIDS criticized this move, a spokesperson for
Rep. Souder claimed they were concerned that money was being spent on programs that don't
work to prevent AIDS but merely encourage increased sexual activity. _Contra Costa Times_,
June 14.
the _San Francisco Chronicle_ reported on July 11 that an attempt by U.S. Rep. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) to remove funding for various kinds of AIDS and sexuality-related research from the budget
authorization for the National Institutes of Health was narrowly defeated in a House vote on his
amendment on July 10.
Toomey held up to ridicule various projects that were authorized as part
of continuing study into methods of preventing HIV transmission through education and public
health measures, including research into the sexual habits of older men, transgendered Native
Americans, drug use among Asian prostitutes in San Francisco, and people's reactions to being
sexually aroused.
Opposing Toomey's amendment, Rep. Ralph Regula (R.-Ohio), said, "I
strongly urge members to resist the temptation to defund a few projects because they don't like
the sound of them." The final vote on Toomey's amendment was 212-210.
A.S.L.
International AIDS Notes
_Australia_ - The _Sydney Morning Herald_ reported on June 11 that Justice Cripps of the
Supreme Court has awarded damages of $727,000 (Australian dollars) to a woman who
contracted HIV from her husband.
The damages are to be paid by a medical practice that the
woman and her fiancé consulted for premarital testing and counseling in 1998.
Although the
man tested positive for HIV and hepatitis B, the doctors never revealed this to the woman and
made no attempt to pressure the man to reveal this result.
The man used a doctored lab report to
persuade the woman that he was uninfected, which the court characterized as "despicable
conduct" but evidently did not consider to be an intervening factor breaking the chain of
causation between her injury and the professional shortcomings of the medical practice. "Had the
process of counselling been properly commenced before the end of 1998, the woman, more
probably than not, would have become aware of the HIV status of [her partner]. . . well before
August 1999 when she became infected," wrote Justice Cripps.
She did not subsequently learn
of her infection until after she had become pregnant.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
CONFERENCE ANNOUNCEMENT
Lavender Law 2003 takes place in New York City October 17-19, 2003.
The annual national
LGBT law conference, co-sponsored by the National Lesbian and Gay Law Association and
Foundation, the Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York and its educational
Foundation, and a group of local law schools, will bring together hundreds of lawyers from
around the U.S. and abroad to educational programs, plenary sessions, receptions and parties, and
award ceremonies.
Conference events will take place at the Association of the Bar of the City of
New York and Fordham Law School (near Lincoln Center on the Upper West Side of
Manhattan).
Full information and registration materials are available at the conference website:
www.lavenderlaw.org.
Although the program committee is almost finished organizing the
speakers list for the conference, late additions may be possible.
Those interested should contact
Program Co-Chair Robert Bacigalupi at bbacigalupi@legalsupport.org.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Banks, Christopher P., _The Constitutional Politics of Interpreting Section 5 of the Fourteenth
Amendment_, 36 Akron L. Rev. 425 (2003).
Bartley, Abel A., _The Fourteenth Amendment: The Great Equalizer of the American People_,
36 Akron L. Rev. 473 (2003).
Becker, Mary Ann, _A Review of The Prostitution of Sexuality: The Global Exploitation of
Women_, 52 DePaul L. Rev. 1043 (2002).
Becker, Susan J., _Tumbling Towers as Turning Points: Will 9/11 Usher in a New Civil Rights
Era for Gay Men and Lesbians in the United States?_, 9 William & Mary J. of Women & L. 207
(Winter 2003).
Bell, Mark, _We are Family?
Same-sex Partners and EU Migration Law_, 9 Maastricht J.
European & Comp. L. 335 (2002).
Bendor, Ariel L., _On Aristotelian Equality, The Fundamental Right to Equality, and
Governmental Discretion_, 8 Rev. of Constitutional Studies 1 (2003).
Brewer, Michael E., _Sodomy Laws and Privacy_, 79 Denver U. L. Rev. 546 (2002).
Clark, Stephen, _Judicially Straight?_ Boy Scouts v. Dale_ and the Missing Scalia Dissent_, 76
So. Cal. L. Rev. 521 (March 2003).
Clark, Stephen, _Same-Sex but Equal: Reformulating the Miscegenation Analogy_, 34 Rutgers
L. J. 107 (Fall 2002).
Croome, Rodney, "Relationship law reform in Tasmania"
Word Is Out
No.7, June 2003
<http://www.wordisout.info>.
Danner, Allison Marston, _Bias Crimes and Crimes Against Humanity: Culpability in Context_,
6 Buffalo Crim. L. Rev. 389 (2002).
Dubler, Ariela R., _In the Shadow of Marriage: Single Women and the Legal Construction of the
Family and the State_, 112 Yale L. J. 1641 (May 2003).
Elliott, Douglas, _Conservative Judicial Activism Comes to Canada: EGALE v. Canada, a Case
Comment_, 36 U. Brit. Col. L.Rev.24 (2003).
Frye, Phyllis Randolf, and Katrina C. Rose, _Responsible Representation of Your First
Transgendered Client_, 66 Texas Bar J. 558 (July 2003).
Goldstein, Mitchell P., _Congress and the Courts Battle Over the First Amendment: Can the Law
Really Protect Children from Pornography on the Internet?_, 21 John Marshall J. Comp. & Inf.
L. 141 (Winter 2003).
Greene, Beverly A., _Heterosexism and Internalized Racism Among African Americans: The
Connections and Considerations for African American Lesbians and Bisexual Women: A
Clinical Psychological Perspective_, 54 Rutgers L. Rev. 931 (Summer 2002).
Grossman, Joanna L., _The Culture of Compliance: The Final Triumph of Form Over Substance
in Sexual Harassment Law_, 26 Harv. Women's L.J. 3 (Spring 2003).
Kitchin, William, _The Fundamental Rights to be Free of Arbitrary Categorization: The Brain
Sciences and the Issue of Sex Classification_, 42 Washburn L. J. 257 (Winter 2003).
Loader, Matthew, "Recognising same-sex relationships: ideas and an update from South
Australia"
Word Is Out
No. 7, June 2003
<http://www.wordisout.info>.
Mason, Gail, _Harm, Harassment and Sexuality_, 26 Melbourne U. L. Rev. 596 (Dec. 2002).
Mayo, Thomas Wm., _Sex, Marriage, Medicien, and Law: "What Hope of Harmony?"_, 42
Washburn L. J. 269 (Winter 2003).
Montoya, Margaret, _Un/Braiding Stories About Law, Sexuality and Morality_, 24 Chicano-Latino L. Rev. 1 (Spring 2003).
Musalo, Karen, _Revisiting Social Group and Nexus in Gender Asylum Claims: A Unifying
Rationale for Evolving Jurisprudence_, 52 DePaul L. Rev. 777 (Spring 2003).
Offord, Baden, _Homosexual Rights as Human Rights: Activism in Indonesia, Singapore and
Australia_ (Peter Lang, Berne, Switzerland, 2003)
(Offord is principal researcher, Centre for
Law, Politics and Culture, Southern Cross University, Australia).
Probert, Rebecca, _The Right to Marry and the Impact of the Human Rights Act 1998_, 2003
International Fam. L. 29 (March 2003).
Rizzo, Christopher, _Banning State Recognition of Same-Sex Relationships: Constitutional
Implications of Nebraska's Initiative 416_, 11 J. L. & Policy (Brooklyn L.S.) 1 (2002).
Rosenfeld, Michel, _Hate Speech in Constitutional Jurisprudence: A Comparative Analysis_, 24
Cardozo L. Rev. 1523 (April 2003).
Ross, Josephine, _Riddle for Our Times: The Continued Refusal to Apply the Miscegenation
Analogy to Same-Sex Marriage_, 54 Rutgers L. Rev. 999 (Summer 2002).
Rush, Sharon, _Cluster Introduction: Identity Matters_, 54 Rutgers L. Rev. 909 (Summer 2002)
(substantive introduction to portion of symposium issue devoted to papers from the annual
Lat/Crit conference - the Cluster is headed "Race, Gender, and Sexuality").
Slavitt, Kelly M., _Content-Based Regulation of Electronic Media: Indecent Speech on the
Internet_, 21 John Marshall J. of Computer & Information L. 19 (Fall 2002).
Strasser, Mark, _Harvesting the Fruits of_ Gardiner_: On Marriage, Public Policy, and
Fundamental Interests_, 71 Geo. Wash. L. Rev. 179 (April 2003).
Timmons, Kelly Cahill, _Sexual Harassment and Disparate Impact: Should Non-Targeted
Workplace Sexual Conduct Be Actionable Under Title VII?_, 81 Neb. L. Rev. 1152 (2003).
Valdes, Francisco, _Identity Maneuvers in Law and Society: Vignettes of a Euro-American
Heteropatriarchy_, 71 UMKC L. Rev. 377 (Winter 2002) (part of Symposium titled: _Theorizing
the Connections Among Systems of Subordination_).
Wolf, Adam B., _Fundamentally Flawed: Tradition and Fundamental Rights_, 57 U. Miami L.
Rev. 101 (Oct. 2002).
Wojcik, Mark E., Cris R. Revaz and Benjamin L. Apt, _International Human Rights_,
International Legal Developments in Review: 2001, 36 Int'l Lawyer 683 (Summer 2002).
_Student Articles:_
deManda, Janine M., _Our Transgressions: The Legal System's Struggle with Providing Equal
Protection to Transgender and Transsexual People_, 71 UMKC L. Rev. 507 (Winter 2002).
Hoogs, Jessica A., _Divorce Without Marriage: Establishing a Uniform Dissolution Procedure
for Domestic Partners Through a Comparative Analysis of European and American Domestic
Partner Laws_, 54 Hastings L. J. 707 (2002-03).
Larkey, Amy M., _Redefining Motherhood: Determining Legal Maternity in Gestational
Surrogacy Arrangements_, 51 Drake L. Rev. 605 (2003).
Lauretta, Diana, _Protecting the Child's Best Interest: Defending Second-Parent Adoptions
Granted Prior to the 2002 Enactment of California Assembly Bill 25_, 33 Golden Gate U. L.
Rev. 173 (Spring 2003).
Norden, David F., _Filtering Out Protection: The Law, the Library, and Our Legacies_, 53 Case
West. Res. L. Rev. 767 (Spring 2003).
Ringeisen, Kristin, _The Use of Community Standards by the Child Online Protection Act to
Determine if Material is Harmful to Minors is Not Unconstitutional:_ Ashcroft v. American Civil
Liberties Union, 41 Duquesne L. Rev. 449 (Winter 2003).
Rodden, Kelly, _The Children's Internet Protection Act in Public Schools: The Government
Stepping on Parents' Toes?_, 71 Fordham L. Rev. 2141 (April 2003).
Sawyer, Christopher D., _Practice What You Preach: California's Obligation to Give Full Faith
and Credit to the Vermont Civil Union_, 54 Hastings L. J. 727 (2002-03).
Schmidt-Sandwick, Robin, _Constitutional Law - Freedom of Speech: Supreme Court Strikes
Down Two Provisions of the Child Pornography Prevention Act (CPPA), Leaving Virtual Child
Pornography Virtually Unregulated_:_ Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition_, 122 S. Ct. 1389
(2002)_, 79 N. Dak. L. Rev. 175 (2003).
Tamayo, Vlademir Ian Morales, Hernandez-Montiel v. INS_: The Ninth Circuit's Recognition of
Gay People of Color Through the Intersection of Race and Sexual Orientation_, 5 Rutgers Race
& L. Rev. 117 (2003).
_Specially Noted:_
Aaron Belkin and Geoffrey Bateman, the Director and Assistant Director of the Center for the
Study of Sexual Minorities in the Military, have announced the publication of _Don't Ask, Don't
Tell: Debating the Gay Ban in the Military (Boulder, CO: Lynn Rienner Publishers, 2003) [ISBN
1-58826-146-8], an edited volume of opinion pieces by leading scholars which the co-editors
state "translates sophisticated academic research on the issue into discussions that are accessible
to the general reader yet useful for scholars." For further information, see:
http://www.gaymilitary.ucsb.edu/Publications/2003_DADTdebateBelkinBatema.htm.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bartelt, Sandra, _Compulsory Licenses Pursuant to TRIPS Article 31 in the Light of the Doha
Declaration on the TRIPS Agreement and Public Health_, 6 J. World Intellectual Prop. 283
(March 2003).
Bollyky, Thomas J., _Balancing Private Rights and Public Obligations: Constitutionally
Mandated Compulsory Licencing of HIV/AIDS Related Treatments in South Africa_, 18 S.
African J. on Hum. Rts. 530 (2002).
Chang, Vickie Y., Talor L. Bendel, Cheryl Koopman, Elizabeth L. McGarvey, and Randolph J.
Canterbury, _Delinquents' Safe Sex Attitudes_, 30 Crim. Justice & Behavior 210 (April 2003).
Joseph, Sarah, _Pharmaceutical Corporations and Access to Drugs: The "Fourth Wave" of
Corporate Human Rights Scrutiny_, 25 Hum. Rts. Q. 425 (2003).
Lazzarini, Zita, and Lorilyn Rosales, _Legal Issues Concerning Public Health Efforts to Reduce
Perinatal HIV Transmission_, 3 Yale J. Health Pol., L. & Ethics 67 (Winter 2002).
Seiler, Naomi K., _Abstinence-Only Education and Privacy_, 24 Women's Rts. L. Rep. 27
(Fall/Winter 2002).
_Student Articles:_
Conroy, Erin M., _Labor and Employment Law - Discrimination: An EEOC Regulation
Allowing Employers to Assert That an Employee May Not Pose a Danger to Himself Falls
Within the Purview of the Americans With Disabilities Act_: Chevron U.S.A., Inc. V.
Echazabal_, 122 S. Ct. 2045 (2002)_, 79 N. Dak. L. Rev. 147 (2003).
Maddren, Chari Alson, _AIDS Vaccines: Balancing Human Rights with Public Health_, 17
Temple Int'l & Comp. L. J. 277 (Spring 2003).
Marcucci, Jody, Doe v. County of Centre_: Foster Children, AIDS, the Americans With
Disabilities Act, and the Direct Threat Exception_, 52 DePaul L. Rev. 945 (Spring 2003).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those of identified writers, and are
not official positions of the Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL
Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law
Notes_ is welcome and will be published subject to editing.
Please address correspondence to
the Editor or send via email.
^Z