https://www.clydeco.com/en/insights/2020/08/bank-of-tanzania-s-monetary-policy-and-non-perform
Menu
Search
Close
People
Locations
Expertise
Insights
About
Careers
Events
Contact
People
Locations
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Middle East
UK & Europe
Africa
Cape Town
Dar es Salaam
Johannesburg
Nairobi
Americas
Atlanta
Caracas
Chicago
Los Angeles
Mexico City
Miami
Montréal
New Jersey
New York
Orange County
San Francisco
Santiago
Sao Paulo
Toronto
Washington, DC
Asia Pacific
Auckland
Beijing
Brisbane
Chongqing
Hong Kong
Kuala Lumpur
Melbourne
New Delhi
Perth
Shanghai
Singapore
Sydney
Ulaanbaatar
Middle East
Abu Dhabi
Doha
Dubai
Muscat
Riyadh
UK & Europe
Aberdeen
Bristol
Dublin
Dusseldorf
Edinburgh
Glasgow
Guildford
Hamburg
Leeds
London
Madrid
Manchester
Nantes
Newcastle
Paris
Expertise
Sectors
Services
Products
Sectors
Aviation
Education
Energy and Natural Resources
Healthcare
Hospitality
Infrastructure
Insurance & Reinsurance
Marine
Professional Practices
Retail & Consumer
Trade & Commodities
Services
Climate Change Risk Practice
Commercial
Corporate
Commercial Disputes
Cyber Risk
Data Protection & Privacy
Employment, Pensions & Immigration
Environmental Law
Finance
Global Recoveries
Insolvency & Reorganisation
International Arbitration
Intellectual Property
Projects & Construction
Real Estate
Regulatory & Investigations
Tax
Technology, Outsourcing & Data
Products
Climate Change
Clyde Code
Disputes Funding
Insights
Insights Overview
Belt & Road Initiative
Brexit
Resilience
Sanctions
Connected World Blog
About
About us
News
Awards
CSR
Media contacts
Careers
Events
Contact
Choose Region
Global
Global
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Middle East
UK & Europe
Choose Language
English
Français
Is your business prepared for climate change?
View our Climate Change Risk Practice
Close
Popular search terms
Click each term for related articles
Coronavirus Hub
Looking Glass Report
Climate Change
Disputes Funding
Clyde Code
Resilience
Training contract
Careers
Insights
Bank of Tanzania's monetary policy and non-performing loans in light of COVID-19
Legal Development
18 August 2020
18 August 2020
Africa
Coronavirus
As countries across Africa deal with the impacts of COVID-19, the Bank of Tanzania (BoT) has recently introduced the June 2020 Monetary Policy Statement which addresses a number of key concerns in Tanzania, including the impact of COVID-19 on non-performing loans (NPLs).
In this article we consider the actions the BoT has been taking to bolster the economy and the effectiveness of these actions. We also consider similar actions that have been taken in Kenya.
Actions taken by the BoT
In our article of March 2018, found here, we discussed the measures taken by the Bank of Tanzania (BoT) to reduce the number of NPLs. Briefly, as a result of a slow-down in private sector growth and the increasing number of NPLs, the BoT recommended minimum strategies and granted reliefs to assist in tackling the growing number of NPLs through the BoT Circular No. FA.178/461/01/02, found here.
While the impact of the Circular was evident in that NPLs declined from 11.1 percent in April 2019 to 10.7 percent in June 2019 and 9.8 percent in December 2019¹, the Monetary Policy Statement identifies that the ratio of NPLs to gross loans has increased to 11 percent in April 2020 following the outbreak of COVID-19. Certain sectors have been hit harder than others but it is anticipated that the monetary and fiscal measures the BoT introduced earlier this year, as discussed in our article here, will cushion the economy from the impacts of COVID-19 and reduce the risk of deterioration of loan portfolios. The various policy measures introduced by the BoT include lowering the statutory minimum reserves requirement, lowering the discount rates as well as providing regulatory flexibility on restructuring of loans.
Actions taken by the Central Bank of Kenya
The Central Bank of Kenya introduced measures similar to the BoT including instructing banks to restructure loans to customers for a minimum period of one year and extending credit tenures, which reduced monthly repayments as part of the reserve banks relief package. The Kenyan Monetary Policy Committee took the following policy measures in March 2020, among others, in order to prevent COVID-19 from resulting in a severe economic and financial crisis:
lowering the Central Bank Rate (CBR) from 8.25 percent to 7.25 percent; and
reducing the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) from 5.25 percent to 4.25 percent².
The lowering of the CBR signalled commercial banks to lower their lending and deposit rates, while the reduction in the CRR resulted in releasing KES 35.2 billion as additional liquidity availed to banks to directly support borrowers that are distressed as a result of COVID-19.
In Tanzania, banks have remained profitable and have attributed this profitability to increasing loans, hence yielding more interest payment despite the disruption of some economic activities.
BoT Monetary Policy Statement
In spite of the above, economic recovery following COVID-19 will likely take some time. In view of this the Monetary Policy Statement provides some steps that the BoT intends to take for the 2020/2021 financial year to ensure that the economy recovers:
Liquidity Management
The BoT intends to increase liquidity by easing monetary policies. This will ensure there is adequate liquidity in the market among banks and will also stabilise short-term interest rates. This will be done while maintaining low inflation with a target of 5 percent.
Interest Rate Policy
The BoT has indicated that interest rates will continue to be market-determined.
Exchange Rate Policy
Similar to the interest rate policy, the exchange rate will also continue to be market determined, with the BoT occasionally intervening only to smooth out short term volatility in the exchange rate. The BoT will also continue to participate in the interbank foreign exchange market for liquidity management purposes.
[1] Statistics from the Monetary Policy Statement and the Citizen - see here
[2] EABC brief on interventions by the central bank in light of the economic impact of COVID-19 - see here
We hope this information has been useful. Should you require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us.
This briefing is prepared for clients and contacts of Clyde & Co Tanzania. We aim to keep our clients abreast of developments in Tanzania as they happen and if you have any questions on the issues raised above please contact us directly.
Further advice should be taken before relying on the contents of this summary. Clyde & Co Tanzania accepts no responsibility for loss occasioned to any person acting or refraining from acting as a result of material contained in this summary. No part of this summary may be used, reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, reading or otherwise without the prior permission of Clyde & Co Tanzania.
End
Download Insight
Share:
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Copy
Authors:
Amreen
Ayub
Associate
Tenda Msinjili
Partner
Topics:
Corporate
Finance
Financial Services
Financial Services Regulatory
Retail & Consumer
Stay up to date with Clyde & Co
Sign up to receive email updates straight to your inbox!
Subscribe here