http://www.alliance-francaise.co.nz/privacy-policy/
MenuAboutLearn FrenchDiplomasResource CentreEventsShopBecome a MemberContact
Privacy Policy
General
The Alliance Française Auckland will only collect personal information from you with your prior knowledge and consent. You can browse our website without disclosing personal information.
Computer Information
Our service provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information, for statistical purposes, for each page accessed:
IP (Internet Protocol) address of the machine which has accessed it;
top-level of your domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc.);
address of your server;
date and time of your visit to the site;
pages accessed and documents downloaded;
previous site visited; and type of browser and operating system you have used.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the service provider’s logs.
Navigation Data
Browsing any website – including the Alliance Française Auckland website – generates a trail of pages visited and the time apparently spent displaying each page.
Data Storage and Disclosure
Information collected is stored in an appropriately secure format and held by the Alliance Française Auckland for archival purposes. When the information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected it is deleted.
The data is used by the Alliance Française Auckland website software, and by staff involved in the Alliance Française Auckland operations, only for:
website and system administration, including monitoring to prevent security breaches;
customisation of the website to user needs; and
evaluation, research and development.
Email Newsletters
The Alliance Française Auckland uses its email newsletters to notify subscribers of events or opportunities. Individuals must register as subscribers for this service and your details will only be known to the Alliance Française Auckland staff and will be disclosed to a third party only in circumstances in which such disclosure is legally authorised, such as in the investigation of a criminal offence and in compliance with a search warrant or subpoena.
E-Commerce Website
Customer service is fundamental to our business. As part of this service we may use your personal information to offer you products and services that may benefit you. As part of the registration process a customer may elect not to receive any marketing material. Customer details and delivery addresses are collected for the purposes of supplying goods to customers and providing after-sales service.
The Alliance Française Auckland e-commerce website protects your credit card details. This ensures that your credit card details are seen only by yourself and the bank performing the transactions. No credit card details are captured or stored by the Alliance Française Auckland e-commerce site.