https://www.directrelief.org/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Direct Relief’s Privacy Policy
Direct Relief does not sell, share, rent, trade, barter, peddle, swap or otherwise disclose donor information to any outside party. Direct Relief also has a policy of not sending mail nor email to donors on behalf of other organizations.
Secure Payments
All credit card and personal profile information provided to Direct Relief through its Internet software partner, Blackbaud Inc., is transmitted with SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption using VeriSign as a payment gateway. SSL is a proven coding system that allows a browser to automatically encrypt data before it is sent over the Internet.
Direct Relief collects information in two ways:
Information you provide online: By donating to Direct Relief or signing up for email updates, the information you volunteer includes your name and email address. Direct Relief will only send regular membership communications, as detailed on the online sign-up form, if you elect to receive them.
Information you provide offline: When donating offline, you have the option to share your email address, physical address, and telephone number with Direct Relief. Doing so allows you to receive communications you have elected to receive from Direct Relief.
Information Direct Relief collects: Direct Relief uses Google Analytics, Google AdWords conversion tracking, Google Website Optimizer and other analytics tools to assess its website’s performance and content. This involves the use of “cookies,” or simple text files stored by a visitor’s web browser, to collect anonymous data about visitors to and usage of Direct Relief’s website. This information, which is not associated with a visitor’s personal identity, includes pages viewed, date and time of visit, browser/technology type, donation revenue, conversion rate, geographic region, and marketing attributes as defined by Google.
Questions, comments, or concerns?
If, at any time, you have questions or would like to review, correct, or remove your personal information collected by Direct Relief, please contact us via email or telephone and a member of the team will be happy to assist you.
California residents may access the NAVEX Global Data Subject Rights web intake site for information on how to make a report to request deletion of their personal data.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Enter Email
Sign Up