http://www.steveandkathygray.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
LIVE NOW:
About Us
About Us
New Here?
Leadership
Ministries
What We Believe
Connect
Events
Community Hub
This isn't just another church...
It's a place where you can belong. World Revival Church is a place where people from all walks of life get together for Biblical teaching, preaching, powerful worship, small groups and classes for all ages.
Where We Meet
View High Campus
Libby Center
Plan A Visit
Severe Weather Plan
Come worship with us.
The body of Christ is more effective when it's together. Our Wednesday and Friday night services start at 7:00pm, and our Sunday service starts at 10:00am.
Watch Us
Join our streaming congregation.
Experience powerful worship and life-changing messages when you can't join us in person, no matter where you are in the world.
Live Streaming
Last Week On-Demand
Sermons & Services
Download Our App
Revival Resources
Give
You can't out-give God.
Help share the power of God by supporting our ministries with your tithes and offerings. Giving financially is easy online and on the go with our app and texting service.
Give Online
Outreach & Missions
Other ways to Give:
Text to Give
Text "give" and the amount to 1-844-912-1700 (ex: GIVE 200)
By Mail
World Revival Church9900 View High DriveKansas City, MO
64134
Privacy Policy
World Revival Church Website Privacy Policy
World Revival Church is committed to protecting your privacy.
The information gathered from visitors to the World Revival Church website helps us personalize and improve your experience on our website. We use the information we collect about you to help us communicate better with you, respond to your requests, personalize your bookstore experience, and give you access to the many free resources available on our website.
You may edit your account information at any time by logging into your account at worldrevivalchurch.com and selecting “edit.”
When you provide your personal information to World Revival Church, we reserve the right to share it with these affiliated groups: Steve Gray Ministries, World Revival Network, and Jubilation Ministries (DBA World Revival Church), with the exception of credit card information with which you may provide World Revival Church in order to purchase product or make a donation.
Save as otherwise stated in this policy, World Revival Church does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to other third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. World Revival Church may provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
We use a Secure Server for collecting credit card information. The secure server layer (SSL) encrypts (scrambles) all of the information you enter before it is transmitted over the internet and sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
In keeping with other thousands of web site hosts, the World Revival Church website uses cookies to enhance your Web viewing experience and measure your Web site usage. Cookies allow information to be retained between visits. If you click the “remember me” option, it will set a log in Cookie to automatically log you in every time you visit the site.
World Revival Church may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of World Revival Church, our users, or others.
The World Revival Church website may also provide links to affiliated sites. The privacy policies of these linked sites are the responsibility of the linked site and World Revival Church has no control or influence over their policies. Please check the policies of each site you visit for specific information. World Revival Church cannot be held liable for damage or misdoings of other sites linked or otherwise.
To sum up, World Revival Church is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make your visit to the World Revival Church website as user-friendly as possible.
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by World Revival Church. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
If you are under 18, you may use the World Revival Church website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
If you choose to visit the World Revival Church website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Website Use Agreement, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the State of Missouri. If you have any questions related to our Privacy Policy, please email us at info@wrckc.com.