https://www.tubman.org/give-help/volunteerintern/volunteer-attorney/tubman-safety-project/safety-project-faqs.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Frequently Asked Questions
What is an Order for Protection?
An OFP is a court order to stop household or family violence, which usually takes place in family court. The court can order things that keep the abuser away from their victim and their home and work. The OFP can also have orders about restitution, chemical and mental health evaluations, domestic violence programming, child support, custody or parenting time (visitation).
What is the legal standard?
Very generally speaking, in order to obtain an OFP there must be Domestic Abuse as defined by MN Statue 518b:
•	Physical harm, bodily injury or assault; OR
•	Infliction of fear of imminent physical harm, bodily injury, or assault, OR
•	Terroristic threats, OR
•	Interference with an emergency call, OR
•	Criminal sexual conduct.
How long is the hearing?
Generally less than an hour. Waiting times for cases to be called can be longer, depending on the day.
How much time should I expect to spend preparing for the hearing?
5 -20 hours. This is dependent on the complexity of the case, your level of experience, and several other factors. Tubman staff are upfront about potential complications, difficulties, and the legal facts of the case.
How long will the entire case last?
Your representation is limited only to the OFP matter, so cases generally resolve after 1-2 hearings over the course of 2-28 days. The variation is due to the point at which you enter the case, court scheduling, and the availability of opposing counsel.
Does Tubman only represent women?
No. Domestic violence can be used against people of any gender identity and the Safety Project serves people without regard to their gender. However, the majority of our clients identify as female.
Do I need to attend a training?
Yes! Tubman holds new volunteer attorney trainings at least quarterly. The trainings are four hours long and cover everything you need to know to represent a victim survivor in court. Mentoring and shadowing opportunities are also available. If you have extensive OFP experience, please contact us about alternative options.
What resources does Tubman provide?
In addition to training, Tubman provides a training manual, sample pleadings and documents, mentoring and shadowing opportunities, and case consultation with our staff attorneys. Tubman can also provide a space to meet with clients if necessary as well as help with interpreter costs if your firm is unable to cover them.
I know nothing about family law. Can I still add value?
Absolutely. A staggering 70% of petitioners are unrepresented. This means some petitioners are preparing evidence and responses without any legal training. This also means that some petitioners are being cross-examined by the respondent’s counsel or the respondent themselves with no attorney to prepare them or defend them. As an attorney, you know a lot more than you think you do and simply having an attorney standing by can be empowering to clients. All of Tubman’s clients are low-income and do not have the resources to hire an attorney on their own.
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.