http://www.uucharlottesville.org/privacy-policy/
GIVINGCALENDARNEWS & VIEWSDIRECTORY
Privacy Policy
Purpose
This church recognizes and upholds the importance of an individual’s privacy and personal information, and we honor the giving of personal information as an act of trust. Unless an individual gives this church explicit consent to act otherwise, the following policy will govern how TJMC handles an individual’s personal information and safeguards their privacy.
Scope
The principles contained in this privacy document apply to all personal information and images collected by or submitted to TJMC.
1. What information of yours do we collect?
This church collects two different types of information. One type is voluntary information, which you provide, such as registration information for events, membership information, or shipping and billing information. The other type of information we collect is user information provided by your computer each time you visit this site, such as IP address, and browser. The information that we collect helps us to provide information and service to you. We may combine information from other sources with the information that we collect.
Personal information that you provide for our website is voluntary. You are not required to submit personal information for access to our site.
2. What do we do with the information that is collected?
Any information that you provide to this church or that is obtained through this web site may be used for church purposes. We will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to commercial entities. We will not disclose your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number without your express consent, unless disclosure is necessary to comply with laws or relevant legal proceedings.
We may offer services to you such as chat rooms, message boards, or other similar discussion forums. Please be aware that any information you divulge in these arenas is deemed public information and is not protected.
3. What are “cookies” and how do we use them?
Cookies are information that a web site transfers to an individual’s device for record-keeping purposes (e.g., if you are a Wall Street Journal Interactive user, a cookie on your device allows you to go directly to the WSJ instead of having to give your user name and password each time). Cookies can save your preferences when you are at a site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and most major web sites use them.
We may use cookies to help us see which areas of our web site are more popular, which are not, how they are being used so that we can improve and update our web site to more accurately meet the needs of our users. If we decides to offer personalized services to its users, we will use cookies to make that personalization and customization of the church web site possible.
We do not use cookies to obtain any personal information about you before or after you leave the church sites.
4. What about third party links?
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than this church. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
5. What type of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information?
The security of the information that you provide to us is very important. All financial transactions involving sensitive information, such as your credit/debit card number and expiration date are handled through a secure third party processor and we do not collect or store credit card or bank information.
6. How do we protect the privacy of children?
No information should be submitted to or posted on the church’s web site by users 13 years old and younger without the consent of their parent or guardian. Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, We will not provide any personally identifying information, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever for our users 13 years and younger. If any services or features on the site require registration, a user 13 years old and younger will be required to provide the email of the parent or guardian, which will allow us to notify that person that the child has registered for a service or feature. We will not be held responsible for anyone misrepresenting as over 13 when in fact they are not.
7. We reserves the right to change or amend this policy.
We reserves the right to change, amend, or restate this policy.
8. Your affirmative consent to the collection and use of personally identifiable information.
By using our website, you are giving us your express consent to use all the information that we collect about you in the manner described in this policy. This includes the release of such information to third parties as described above.
9. Questions or Concerns?
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at communications@uucharlottesville.org.
Updated: 10/8/20