https://www.salvationarmy.org.au/about-us/governance-policy/website-terms-of-use/
The Salvation Army URL has changed to salvationarmy.org.auFind out more
Home
Need Help?
Alcohol And Other Drug Services
Get In Contact With Us
How Our Services Work
Alcohol And Other Drugs Facts
Aged Care
Court And Prison Support
Disasters And Emergencies
Natural Disasters Helping Kids Cope
Natural Disasters Advice For Kids
Faq
Financial Assistance
Youre The Boss
Be The Boss
Financial Counselling
Financial Coaching
No Interest Loan Scheme
Money Essentials Webinars
Moneycare Financial Literacy Tips
Family And Domestic Violence
Find Help For Domestic Violence
Safer In The Home
Learn More About Domestic Violence
Vulnerable Groups
Police Protection Orders Court And Legal Matters
Resources
About Us And Our Services
Mens Services
Family Domestic Violence And Children
Housing
Finding Employment
Funerals
Homelessness Support Services
Learn To Drive
Legal Services
Positive Lifestyle Program
Rural Support
Drought Community Support Initiative
Youth Services
Get Involved
Advocacy
Talking To Your Local Member
Recent Advocacy From The Salvation Army
Anti Poverty Week 2020
Conference And Recreation Centres
Corporate Support
Corporate Partnerships
Corporate Volunteering
Workplace Giving
Our Partners
Employment Opportunities
Fundraise For Us
Red Shield Appeal
Launch Events
Fundraise In Your Workplace
School Initiatives
Shop With Us
Training And Study
Volunteer With Us
Volunteer with Salvos Stores
Corporate volunteering
Volunteer with Sydney Streetlevel
Volunteer with Sydney OASIS
Volunteer Melbourne 614
Volunteer With Emergency Services
Get involved in the Red Shield Appeal
Your Local Salvos
Anti Poverty Week
Moneycare Gave Jasmine The Reassurance She Needed
Their Turn To Receive Help
Giving Janet The Support She Needed To Free Herself From The Debt
Hope And Support For Communities Shattered By Disaster
Building Resilience With The Barefoot Investor
Pathway To Social Justice A Way Forward For Australia
Making It Happen
About Us
Mission And Vision
Our Services
Aboriginal And Torres Strait Islander Programs
Homelessness Services
Alcohol And Other Drug Services
Aged Care Services
Chaplaincy
Emergency Disaster Recovery
Attended Emergencies
Doorways And Emergency Relief
Employment Plus
Eva Burrows College
Fighting Modern Slavery Exploitation
International development partnerships
Moneycare
Red Shield Defence Services
Salvos Funerals
Salvos Legal
Salvos Stores And Op Shops
Youth Support Networks And Programs
Leadership And Structure
International Leadership
Australian Leadership
Structure Symbols And Terminology
Officers Soldiers And Adherents
Our Story
Our History
Founders William And Catherine Booth
Generals
Historical Timeline
History Of Social Work
Serving The Armed Forces
Notable Salvos
How Did The Rsa Start
Interesting Facts
An International Movement
News And Stories
Media Newsroom
Stories
mySalvos Website
Disasters, droughts and other appeals
Disasters And Emergencies
2018-2019 Drought
Publications And Resources
On The Street
Dinner Or Lights Tonight Budget Calculator
Asylum Seeker Fact Sheets
Australians Bleak About Economic Outlook
Light And Life
Warcry
Kidzone
Salvo Publishing
Still Standing
Life After The Oasis
Reports
Annual Report
Impact Report
Economic Social Impact Survey
Subscribe To Receive Updates
Reconciliation Week 2020
The Salvation Army Covid 19 News And Updates
Bushfire Response And Recovery
Governance Policy
Disaster Relief Funds
Deductible Gift Recipient Status
Safeguarding Children And Young People
Safeguarding Team
Concerns About Child Abuse
Our Framework
Our People Places And Programs
Information For Children Young People Parents And Carers
Our Resources
Allegations Of Abuse
Centre For Restoration
Care Approach
The National Redress Scheme
Royal Commission
About The Royal Commission
Review Of Past Claims
Media
Information For Former Residents And Other Survivors
Use Of Logo And Trademarks
Website Terms Of Use
Social Media Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Volunteer Handbook And Agreement
Our Commitment To Reconciliation
Donate
Make A Donation
Donate Online
Regular Giving
Other Ways To Donate
Regular Giving
Clothing And Goods
Corporate support
Wills and Bequests
Information for Solicitors (including Bequest Wording)
Preparing Your Will
How Bequests Change Lives
Community Wills Days
Solicitor Search
Contact
How Solicitors Can Help The Salvation Army
Transform Lives Beyond Your Imagination
Philanthropy
Help us fundraise
Meet Our Supporters
Contact Donor Services
How Your Donation Helps
Our Faith
Our Beliefs
Dedications Marriages And Funerals
Officers Soldiers And Adherents
Jesus And Christianity
Worship Expressions
Music
Share a prayer request
Stories Of Faith
Easter
Celebrate Easter With Kids
Easter Growing Hope From Heartache
Find A Church Near You
Locations
Contact Us
Complaints
Red Shield Appeal
Digital Doorknock
Safety And Stability For A Family In Crisis
From Military Service To Homelessness
Support The Red Shield Appeal Covid 19
Christmas
Stories
Need Help This Christmas
Food Hamper And Gift Assistance
Join Us Christmas Meal
Request Prayer This Christmas
Give Back This Christmas
Donate To The Christmas Appeal
Host A Fundraiser
Volunteer
Corporate
Individual Community
Host Food Toy Drive
Donate A Toy Online This Christmas
Buy Charity Christmas Cards
Kmart Wishing Tree Appeal
Events
Myer Bigger Than Christmas Campaign
For Many Families Christmas Is The Time That Hurts Most
The Salvation Army Australia
XView Wishes Cart0
Need Help?
Get Involved
About Us
Donate
Our Faith
Locations
Contact Us
Donate now
#salvos
You are here: Home › About Us › Governance Policy
› Website Terms Of Use
Website terms of use Thank you for visiting The Salvation Army Australia website. This website may be available through other addresses or channels.
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, ‘The Salvation Army’ (and ‘we’, ‘our’, ‘us’) means:
The Salvation Army (being the unincorporated worldwide religious and charitable association);
The Salvation Army (New South Wales) Property Trust;
The Salvation Army (Tasmania) Property Trust;
The Salvation Army (Victoria) Property Trust;
The Salvation Army (South Australia) Property Trust;
The Salvation Army (Western Australia) Property Trust;
The Salvation Army (Northern Territory) Property Trust;
The Salvation Army (Queensland) Property Trust; and
any organisations or bodies corporate owned or operated by any of the bodies above.
By accessing this site, you are deemed to have read and are bound to the unconditional acceptance and compliance with the Terms and Conditions set out below. [You can also access and read our Privacy Policy which is available on our website.]
Information has been provided as complete and in good faith without any express or implied warranty and is subject to change and is as up-to-date as our resources permit.
The information about services and worship centres of The Salvation Army are specific and relevant to The Salvation Army Australia Territory and may vary throughout other Salvation Army Commands and are as up-to-date as advised.
Terms & Conditions
1. The Salvation Army reserves the right to change the Terms & Conditions without notification of change.
2. All copyright, trademarks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (both registered and unregistered) appearing on this website (“TSA IP”) belong to The Salvation Army exclusively, or is licensed to The Salvation Army, unless otherwise indicated. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions grants any right and/or licence for you to use or otherwise deal with any one or more elements of TSA IP except as expressly authorised in writing by The Salvation Army.
3. All intellectual property rights in and to all logos and slogans are subject to copyright obligations to owned by The Salvation Army and, along with all information, text, graphics, advertisements, audio, and multimedia found on this site are not to be copied, reproduced, reused, reposted, repurposed, transmitted, adapted, republished, broadcast, distributed or uploaded without written authorised permission from The Salvation Army.
4. Information contained in Media and Appeal [SL1] resources are provided for use within the general intent of informing the public. Use is as identified on the individual document. Restrictions apply as above to the use of logos.
5. As a condition of use of The Salvation Army Australia website, you undertake not to use any of the material on this website in a way that:
a.    is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions;b.    is used to impersonate any person or The Salvation Army;c.    is used to create content that is defamatory, obscene, abusive or otherwise infringes the copyrights of The Salvation Army; ord.    breaches the copyright or intellectual property of a third party.
6. Transmission of any virus, spyware or other harmful malware or component is prohibited. The Salvation Army makes no warranties or representations that access to The Salvation Army Australia website will be secure and free from viruses.
7. The information on this site has been provided for personal, non-commercial use only, to provide information on the Mission and Ministry of The Salvation Army.
8. Information on services of The Salvation Army provided on this website is provided for the generic assistance of the public. The information on this website should in no way be interpreted as professional advice, instruction or opinion on your personal circumstances. Please contact an appropriate health or social services professional for advice specific to your situation. We make no representations or warranties that the information provided on The Salvation Army Australia website is complete, accurate, reliable, up-to-date or suitable for any particular purpose.
9. The Salvation Army Australia website may contain links to websites operated by third parties. Unless expressly stated otherwise, we do not control, endorse or approve, and are not responsible for, the content on those websites and/or the actions or inactions of the owners/operators of such websites.  The inclusion of any links does not imply a recommendation by The Salvation Army or an endorsement of the views expressed within them, unless expressly stated so.
10. In no event will The Salvation Army be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage (including loss of revenue, opportunity or reputation), or any loss or damage of any kind arising from loss of data, information or funds arising out of or in connection with the use of this website. We are not liable for any errors, omissions or defects in the material on The Salvation Army Australia website.
11. You will indemnify The Salvation Army if it suffers any loss or damage or incurs any costs in connection with any breach of these Terms and Conditions or any other legal obligation by you or your use of or conduct on The Salvation Army Australia website.
12. The Salvation Army Australia website may be accessed throughout Australia and overseas.  We make no representation that The Salvation Army Australia website complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any country outside Australia.  If you access The Salvation Army Australia website from outside Australia, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction where you access The Salvation Army Australia website.
Internet Donations
This website is enabled for online donations using a secure donation server. However, despite the security on the website, you should be aware that there are inherent risks in transferring information across the Internet.
We record on our fundraising database the Internet donor's name, address, email, telephone, amount donated, and if the funds are for a specified gift. Our fundraising database is protected by secure user IDs and passwords, to help protect it from misuse, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
When making a donation on the Internet, you are given the option (in wording of equal size to all other information requested) to untick a box to opt out of receiving future email communications. If this is not changed, you may receive fundraising material from The Salvation Army and your email address will be added to our email database. You may remove your name from this database at any time. Our emails include an unsubscribe link to facilitate this.
Tags:
policy,
terms,
website
In this section:
Governance and policy
Disaster Relief funds
Deductible gift recipient status
Safeguarding children and young people
Allegations of abuse
Centre for Restoration
The National Redress Scheme
Royal Commission
Use of logo and trademarks
Website terms of use
Social media terms of use
Privacy Policy
Volunteer Handbook & Agreement
Our commitment to reconciliation
Top