https://www.naccho.org.au/about/naccho-privacy-policy/
NACCHO Privacy PolicyNACCHO (‘us’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) operates the NACCHO website (https://www.naccho.org.au), hereinafter referred to as the ‘Service’.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (‘Personal Data’). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
email address
first name and last name
phone number
address, state, postal code, city
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of device you use, your device unique ID, the IP address of your device, your operating system, the type of internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data (‘Usage Data’).
Tracking and Cookie Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies (beacons, tags and scripts) are also used to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
NACCHO uses the collected data for various purposes, to:
provide and maintain the Service
notify you about changes to our Service
allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
provide customer care and support
provide analysis or valuable information so we can improve the Service
monitor the usage of the Service
detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ to those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Australia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we may transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Australia and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy, followed by your submission of such information, represents your agreement to that transfer.
NACCHO will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
NACCHO may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
comply with a legal obligation
protect and defend the rights or property of NACCHO
prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (‘Service Providers’), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification or parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the ‘effective date’ at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Please contact us using the details set out above if you have any concerns or complaints about the manner in which we handled your personal information. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be published on the NACCHO website, and are effective from the time of such publication. If you have any queries about this policy or about how we handle personal information about you, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Type and Press “enter” to Search
SEARCH NACCHO
Search
Toggle the Widgetbar