http://www.presbyterian.org.nz/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Find something fast menu
Book Of Order
Presbyteries
Church Property Trustees
Treasurers' information
Children & Families Ministry
Worship Resources
Parish Websites
Presbyterian Research Centre
Global Mission
Youth Ministry
Presbyterian Women
Search for a minister or church
Press Go
Knox Centre for Ministry and Leadership
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Sub menu
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy
in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to run the Presbyterian Church of Aotearoa New Zealand website in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Latest news items
KCML appoints new Management Support Officer
Moderator's Advent message
General Assembly 2021 to be held in Christchurch
Read White Ribbon Ambassador Very Rev Ray Coster's 2020 message
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy