https://www.medicalteams.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
PRIVACY POLICY
Medical Teams International has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy both online and offline.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. Any changes to the current policy will be posted here.
Please email us with any questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE THAT INFORMATION
Our online and offline donation, contact, event, or participation forms may require users and donors to give us contact information. This information may include name, e-mail address, e-mail format preference (HTML vs. text), phone numbers, and postal address. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers. We do store contact information for users who set up accounts through www.medicalteams.org [secured by a username and password] and/or submit contact information offline.
We do not sell, rent or exchange personal or giving information with any third party or other organization, nor will we send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. We will sometimes share information gathered from our donors with select third-party vendors who assist us in marketing and fundraising activities such as research and modeling, management of customer databases, promotional mailings or other targeted promotions. These partners need to have access to personal donor information, but we require them to keep it confidential. They are authorized to use this information as necessary to provide their specific services to us. You may request at any time that we do not share your information with these third-parties. Donors making donations through our website are added to our organizational database to receive monthly mailings, however, donors can readily request to opt out or be removed from the mailing list.
INTERNET PROTOCOL ADDRESS
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site, to analyze trends, to track users’ interests on our site, to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site and to deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
USE OF “COOKIES”
Our site may use cookies to enhance your experience. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by saving your passwords and your personal preferences regarding your use of our website. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.
All information provided to Medical Teams International is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt or scramble data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it in a secure portion of our site that is accessible only by certain qualified employees. However, no data transmission over the internet is 100 percent secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Our site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Medical Teams International has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
CONTACTING US IN REGARD TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND WEBSITE
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our practices on this site or your dealings with this site, our offline practices and/or other related matters, you can email us or call 503.624.1000.
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Disclaimer: The views and statements expressed in the blogs and third party sites linked from this website do not necessarily reflect the views of Medical Teams International. Medical Teams International does not warrant the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness of those views or statements and does not accept any legal liability whatsoever arising from any reliance on the views, statements, and subject matter of this website or any third-party site to which it links.
This website is owned by Medical Teams International.
HOW YOU MAY USE OUR INFORMATION
You may use, copy, and distribute the information found on the MedicalTeams.org website for personal, noncommercial, and/or educational purposes only. All copies of the information that you make must bear any copyright in the form: © 2020 Copyright Medical Teams International, and trademark or other proprietary notices located on the site which pertain to the information being copied. Except as expressly authorized in this paragraph, you are not granted any right or license under any copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, or other intellectual property right in the information, services, processes, or technology of Medical Teams International or it affiliates. All such rights are retained by Medical Teams International, its affiliates, and/or any third party owner of such rights.
OUR TRADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS
Medical Teams International names and logos, and all related product and service names, design marks, and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of Medical Teams International or its affiliates. You are not authorized to use any Medical Teams International name or mark in any advertising, publicity, or in any other commercial manner without the prior written consent of Medical Teams International or one of its affiliates.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The MedicalTeams.org website contains links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are neither owned by nor under the control of Medical Teams International or its affiliates. Medical Teams International is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site including, without limitation, any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Medical Teams International and its affiliates are providing these links as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Medical Teams International of the site or any association with its operators.
CONTENT AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
While Medical Teams International uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on its website, Medical Teams International makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information. Medical Teams International assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the website. Changes may be periodically made to the information at any time, without notice.
All information on the MedicalTeams.org website is provided “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore, some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
In no event shall Medical Teams International or any of its subsidiaries be liable for any damages whatsoever, including special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or damages for loss of profits, revenue, use, or data as a result of claims, whether brought in contract or tort, arising out of, or connected with any Medical Teams International website or the use or reliance upon any information contained in or accessed from any Medical Teams International website.
ACCESS SERVICES LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
The user of this system assumes all responsibility and risk for the use of this server and the internet generally. Medical Teams International and its subsidiaries disclaim all warranties, representations or endorsements, express or implied, with regard to the information accessed from, or via, this server or the internet, including, but not limited to, all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Medical Teams International does not assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product or process disclosed on this website or other information accessible from this web site. In no event shall Medical Teams International be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, revenue or profits, whether resulting from an action of contract, intellectual property infringement, negligence or other tort, arising out of or in connection with the use or reliance upon the information on this server, website or the internet generally.
ACCEPTANCE AND JURISDICTION
By using this site, you agree that you have read, understand, and will abide by these Terms of Use (“Terms”). If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use Medical Teams International’s website. These Terms shall be governed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon without regard to the conflict or choice of law rules thereof. Courts sitting in the State of Oregon, federal and state, shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising hereunder. Medical Teams International reserves the right to change its website Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at any time, without notice.
See the Uniform Disclosure Statement
Take Action
Bring healing to a hurting world
Donate