http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1998/04.98
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 April 1998
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York City; Otis
R. Damslet, Esq., New York City; Leslie S. Deutsch, Esq., New York
City; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York City; Mark Major, Esq., Long
Island, New York; Seth M. Rosen, NY Law School Student, New York
City; K. Jacob Ruppert, Esq., Queens, New York; Daniel R Schaffer,
New York City; Paul Twarog, Esq., New York City; Dirk Williams,
Esq., Boston, Massachusetts; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's
College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1998 by the LeGaL Foundation of the Lesbian & Gay Law
Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
ALASKA JUDGE DECLARES SAME-SEX MARRIAGE A FUNDAMENTAL RIGHT
In a completely unprecedented ruling issued on February 27, Alaska
Superior Court Judge Peter A. Michalski declared that the right of
an individual to select a marital partner of the same sex is a
fundamental right under that state's constitution, which can be
abridged by the state only upon a showing that such abridgement is
necessary to serve a compelling interest of the state.
_Brause v.
Bureau of Vital Statistics_, 1998 WL 88743.
Michalski granted
partial summary judgement to plaintiffs Jay Brause and Gene Dugan,
and denied the state's motion for summary judgment.
This may be
the first time that any judge has ruled that same-sex marriage is
a fundamental right.
The case stemmed from an application for a marriage license filed
by Brause and Dugan with the state's Office of Vital Statistics on
Aug. 4, 1994, and denied by that office.
The Alaska Marriage Code,
A.S. 25.05.011(a) specifically defines marriage as a "civil
contract entered into by one man and one woman" and Alaska has
reacted to the Hawaii marriage litigation by passing an anti-same-
sex marriage law, codified at A.S. 25.05.013, providing that same
sex marriages are void in Alaska, regardless where they are
contracted.
Thus, Brause and Dugan could not argue, as some same-
sex marriage litigants plaintiffs have in the past, that the court
could order the state to grant them a marriage license through
interpretation of the existing statute.
Noting the specificity of the marriage law, Michalski commented
that the plaintiffs were challenging "the very definition of
marriage found in the Code."
However, Michalski refused to be
limited by any traditional notion of marriage in resolving this
dispute.
"It is the duty of the court to do more than merely
assume that marriage is only, and must only be, what most are
familiar with.
In some parts of our nation mere acceptance of the
familiar would have left segregation in place."
After reviewing the role of the state in controlling access to and
defining the incidents of marriage, Michalski asserted that it was
the task of the court to "test the legal definition of marriage to
determine whether the definition itself, a definition that excludes
persons of the same sex who want to marry, is constitutional."
Here, the express protection of the right of privacy in Article I,
sec. 22, of the Alaska Constitution, which has been broadly
construed in the past by the Alaska Supreme Court, provided an
extraordinary weapon for the plaintiffs in their attack on the
statute.
The Alaska court has construed this provision in _Breese
v. Smith_, 501 P.2d 159 (1972), to invalidate a high school hair
length rule on grounds of a fundamental right to control one's
personal appearance, and in _Ravin v. State_, 537 P.2d 494 (1974),
to protect the private possession of marijuana in the home.
Michalski acknowledged that some might see the extension of privacy
concepts to something as "public" as the state recognition of a
marital relationship as extraordinary.
But by reference to such
federal privacy decisions as _Griswold v. Connecticut_, 381 U.S.
479 (1965), and _Loving v. Virginia_, 388 U.S. 1 (1967), Michalski
showed how the privacy/autonomy concept has been used to protect
against "government intrusion into one's intimate affairs."
He
showed that in the hair length case, for example, the government
was concerned with public appearance, but the court dealt with the
case as a privacy case.
Similarly, the selection of a marital partner is both a private and
public act.
"Clearly, the right to choose one's life partner is
quintessentially the kind of decision which our culture recognizes
as personal and important," wrote Michalski.
"Though the choice of
a partner is not left to the individual in some cultures, in ours
it is no one else's to make.
Indeed, the marriage license and the
marriage ceremony themselves make clear that this must be a choice
freely made by the individual."
Michalski criticized the Hawaii Supreme Court's failure to
recognize this right as fundamental in _Baehr v. Lewin_, 852 P.2d
44 (1993).
According to Michalski, the Hawaii court asked the
wrong question in exploring the due process application to this
issue.
Rather than asking whether same-sex marriage is a long
established tradition, that court should have asked "whether
the
freedom to choose one's own life partner is so rooted in our
traditions," a question to which the court's answer is affirmative:
"Here the court finds that the choice of a life partner is
personal, intimate, and subject to the protection of the right to
privacy.
Failure of the state to provide public recognition of
that private choice, whether it is the choice of a life partner of
the opposite sex or of the same sex, is analogous to the
unwillingness of the school in _Breese_ to allow the presence of a
student who made a personal choice to wear long hair."
Consequently, governmental intrusion into such a choice is not
allowed unless the state can show a compelling interest that makes
abridgement of the right necessary.
Brause and Dugan had also asserted an equal protection claim.
although Michalski found that this issue was moot because of his
ruling on the fundamental rights claim.
However, hedging his bets
against a likely interlocutory review by the Alaska Supreme Court,
he also found that "the specific prohibition of same-sex marriage
does implicate the Constitution's prohibition of classifications
based on sex or gender," although in Alaska such classifications
are not subjected to strict scrutiny, merely the intermediate
heightened level of scrutiny akin to federal constitutional sex
discrimination claims.
Michalski found no difficulty in showing
how the same-sex marriage ban is sex discrimination: "if twins, one
male and one female, both wished to marry a woman and otherwise met
all of the Code's requirements, only gender prevents the twin
sister from marrying under the present law.
Sex-based
classification can hardly be more obvious."
Michalski directed the parties to "set necessary further hearings
to determine whether a compelling state interest can be shown for
the ban on same-sex marriage found in the Alaska Marriage Code."
However, the state's attorney, John Gaguine, promptly announced
that he would file an appeal in the state supreme court, and the
state senate promptly passed a resolution calling on the court
(which has discretion about whether to take such interlocutory
appeals) to take the case and decide it quickly.
Suspicious of their notoriously liberal supreme court, the Alaska
legislators also set the wheels in motion to place a question on
the fall ballot to overrule the court's constitutional
determination.
An amendment proposed by Senator Loren Leman is
brief and to-the-point: "Each marriage contract in this state may
be entered into only by one man and one woman."
If it is approved
by 2/3 vote in each house of the legislature, it would be placed on
the November ballot.
News of the Alaska decision also appeared to
give new impetus to efforts in other states to pass laws against
recognition of same-sex marriage (see below).
Plaintiffs Brause and Dugan are represented by Robert Wagstaff.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Supreme Court Finds Same-Sex Harassment Actionable under Title VII
The U.S. Supreme Court unanimously upheld a plaintiff's right to
sue for sexual harassment under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964, regardless of the harasser's sex or sexual orientation.
_Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services, Inc._, 118 S.Ct. 998 (March
4).
Plaintiff Joseph Oncale suffered a nasty campaign of physical and
verbal sexual harassment by co-workers and supervisors on an oil
rig. (See _Law Notes_, October 1995, June 1996, and January 1998).
The harassment included simulated sexual assaults, even though
everyone involved was heterosexual and male.
After complaining
unsuccessfully to supervisory personnel, Oncale quit, requesting
his pink slip reflect that he left due to sexual harassment
and verbal abuse."
Oncale sued but the U.S. District Court for the
Eastern District of Louisiana dismissed, bound by _Garcia v. Elf
Atochem North America_, 28 F.3d 446 (5th Cir. 1994) (same-sex
harassment not actionable under Title VII).
The Fifth Circuit
affirmed, following _Garcia_.
The Supreme Court reversed.
Writing for a unanimous Court,
Justice Antonin Scalia looked to the plain language of the statute,
which prohibits "discriminat[ion] because of ... sex" in the
"terms" or "conditions" of employment.
"Our holding [in _Meritor
Savings Bank, FSB v. Vinson_, 477 U.S. 57 (1986)] that this
includes sexual harassment must extend to sexual harassment of any
kind that meets the statutory
requirements," Scalia wrote.
Addressing floodgate arguments, Scalia quoted _Meritor_: "Conduct
that is not severe or pervasive enough to create an objectively
hostile or abusive work environment - an environment that a
reasonable person would find hostile or abusive - is beyond Title
VII's purview."
However, Scalia noted that the same actions might
have different implications in different contexts: "A professional
football player's working environment is not severely or
pervasively abusive, for example, if the coach smacks him on the
buttocks as he heads onto the field - even if the same behavior
would reasonably be experienced as abusive by the coach's secretary
(male or female) back at the office."
Scalia refuted the claim that Title VII was intended solely to
prevent one sex from discriminating against the other.
"As some
courts have observed, male-on-male sexual harassment in the
workplace was assuredly not the principal evil Congress was
concerned with when it enacted Title VII.
But statutory
prohibitions often go beyond the principal evil to cover reasonably
comparable evils, and it is ultimately the provisions of our laws
rather than the principal concerns of our legislators by which we
are governed."
One hopes this reasoning might prevail over
"original intent" arguments elsewhere as well, for example
enforcing the Equal Protection clause to stop states denying
same-sex couples the equal protection of the laws governing
marriage.
Justice Clarence Thomas joined the unanimous opinion and added a
one-sentence concurrence: "I concur because the Court stresses that
in every sexual harassment case, the plaintiff must plead and
ultimately prove Title VII's statutory requirement that there be
discrimination `because of ... sex.'"
The Court disposed of two other same-sex harassment cases on
March 9.
It denied certiorari in _Fredette v. BVP Management
Associates_, 112 F.3d 1503 (11th Cir. May 22, 1997) (cert. denied
sub nom. _BVP Mgmnt. Assoc. v. Fredette_, 1998 WL 97294), allowing
a male employee to sue for harassment by a male supervisor.
The
Court vacated _Doe v. City of Belleville_, 119 F.3d 563 (7th Cir.,
July 17, 1997) (see _Law Notes_, September 1997), remanding for
reconsideration in light of _Oncale_, in which Scalia characterized
Belleville as holding that workplace harassment that is sexual
in content is always actionable, regardless of the harasser's ...
motivations."
(In fact, _Belleville_ found workplace harassment
that included an assault on the victim's testicles actionable
because the victim necessarily experienced it "as a male.")
_Otis
R. Damslet_
_Oncale_ and _Fredette_ may now proceed to trial, where the
plaintiffs will have to show that they were harassed "because of
[their] sex" in order to prevail.
The _Belleville_ case returns to
the 7th Circuit, where the court will have to decide whether the
plaintiff can still maintain a cause of action in light of the
somewhat obscure dicta of Scalia's opinion for the Court.
_Arthur
S. Leonard_
Bicoastal Appellate Split on Boy Scouts: New Jersey and California
Courts Differ on Application of Civil Rights Laws in Gay Cases
In New Jersey and California, it is unlawful for many organizations
that provide goods and services to the public to discriminate on
the basis of sexual orientation.
In New Jersey, the state's Law
Against Discrimination was amended in 1991 explicitly to ban
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in any "place of
public accommodation."
In California, the courts have construed
the Unruh Civil Rights Act, enacted in 1959 to ban discrimination
by "business establishments," to cover sexual orientation
discrimination.
In recent weeks, appellate courts in both states
issued decisions on whether the Boy Scouts of America are amenable
to suit under these laws, ruling on discrimination claims by openly
gay men who were denied assistant scoutmaster positions.
First,
the New Jersey Appellate Division ruled in favor of the plaintiff,
as described in the following article by _Ian Chesir-Teran_.
Then
a few weeks later, the California Supreme Court ruled in favor of
the Boy Scouts, as described further below by _Arthur S. Leonard_.
In both cases, the gay plaintiffs were represented by attorneys
employed by Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund: Evan Wolfson in
the New York office and Jon Davidson in the Los Angeles office,
together with other cooperating attorneys and a variety of amici.
A.S.L.
_New Jersey_. In a major gay civil rights victory, a 3-judge panel
of the Appellate Division of the New Jersey Superior Court
unanimously concluded that the Boy Scouts of America violated the
state's anti-discrimination statute when it expelled a member for
being gay.
_Dale v. Boy Scouts of America_, 1998 WL 84577 (March
2).
A majority of the panel also held that New Jersey's Law
Against Discrimination (LAD) precluded the Boy Scouts from
excluding the plaintiff from serving as a volunteer leader in the
organization.
James Dale first enrolled in the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) as a
Cub Scout at the age of eight.
Dale ultimately earned the
prestigious rank of Eagle Scout in addition to thirty honor badges
and various other awards.
He applied and was approved for adult
membership in the BSA at age eighteen.
Two years later, however,
the Monmouth Council -- one of 400 local Boy Scout councils --
expelled him from his position as Assistant Scoutmaster and revoked
his BSA membership solely because he is gay. The Council Executive
learned of Dale's sexual orientation through a newspaper article in
the Newark Star Ledger, in which Dale was identified as the
co-president of the Rutgers University Lesbian/Gay Alliance.
The
Northeast Region Review Committee supported the decision of the
Monmouth Council.
Dale sued in the Superior Court in Monmouth County, seeking damages
and reinstatement.
The BSA alleged that its decision to expel Dale
was based on a 1978 BSA policy statement which prohibits "anyone
who openly declares himself to be a homosexual" from serving as a
volunteer leader. (The BSA adopted a more extensive anti-gay policy
statement in 1993, prohibiting "avowed homosexuals" from becoming
leaders or members.)
BSA also claimed that homosexuality
conflicted with the Scout Oath, which demands that scouts be
"morally straight," and with the Scout law which requires scouts to
be "clean."
The trial judge granted summary judgment to the defendants,
concluding that the BSA was not a "place of public accommodation"
subject to New Jersey's anti-discrimination law because it was not
confined to a physical space like a restaurant or a hotel.
This
narrow position had previously been adopted by the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 7th Circuit and the Supreme Court of Kansas in
dismissing anti-discrimination suits brought against the BSA by
former members who were expelled for being atheists.
The trial
court also held that the BSA's right to the freedom of expressive
association under the First Amendment permitted it to exclude
homosexuals from membership and service, even assuming the BSA were
covered by New Jersey law.
The judge relied on derogatory,
homophobic rhetoric to support his position, referring to the
plaintiff at one point as an "avowed sodomist," although there was
no mention of anything in the trial record to suggest that Dale had
ever referred to himself using such language.
The Appellate Division rejected the narrow definition of "public
accommodation" espoused by the trial court.
In an opinion by Judge
Havey, the court instead likened the BSA to Little League Baseball,
which has been held to constitute a public accommodation in New
Jersey even though it too lacks a fixed physical space.
The court
ruled that the BSA is a public accommodation subject to the LAD
because it invites the public at large to join, advertises
extensively to encourage new membership, and because it has an
extensive and historic association with various public entities
including public schools, PTA's, firehouses and local civic groups.
A contrary conclusion would thwart the legislative intent and
remedial purpose of LAD and other civil rights legislation, the
court concluded.
The court likewise rejected the trial court's holding that the
First Amendment's implied freedom of expressive association allows
the BSA to exclude homosexuals from its ranks as members and
leaders.
The court acknowledged a tension between the compelling
state interest in eradicating discrimination and the freedom to
associate for the expression of fundamental views.
However,
notwithstanding the BSA's 1978 policy statement and the Scout Code
and Oath, the court concluded that gay members and volunteer
leaders would not thwart or otherwise interfere with the BSA's
underlying, fundamental purpose or message.
Judge Landau penned a separate opinion, concurring in part and
dissenting in part.
Landau bemoaned that the current state of New
Jersey law has indeed "transformed" organizations such as the BSA
into places of public accommodation under New Jersey law.
Yet he
distinguished between the effect this status has on BSA membership
and BSA leadership.
Landau agreed with the "carefully crafted"
majority opinion that BSA membership could not be denied to
homosexuals.
But he believed that requiring the BSA to allow gay
men to act as volunteer leaders would force the BSA to appear to
endorse homosexuality, conflicting fundamentally with its
longstanding moral beliefs.
According to Landau, this would
violate BSA's right of expressive association guaranteed by the
First Amendment.
The New Jersey LAD was amended in 1991 to prohibit discrimination
on the basis of sexual orientation in employment, housing, and
public accommodations.
The inclusion of sexual orientation as a
protected class is not a guarantee against discrimination, however,
as California's recent Boy Scout ruling makes clear.
The Dale
decision, which the Boy Scouts will appeal to the state supreme
court, is nonetheless a significant win (apparently the first such
win at an appellate level), not only because of its immediate
result in New Jersey, but also because it fuels the fire for future
victories in sister states and municipalities.
_Ian Chesir-Teran_
_California_.
All seven members of the California Supreme Court
agreed that the Boy Scouts of America is not a "business
establishment" within the meaning of the Unruh Civil Rights Act,
but they were of several minds in arriving at that conclusion in
_Curran v. Mount Diablo Council of the Boy Scouts of America_, 1998
WL 125249 (March 23).
The longest-serving member of the court,
Justice Stanley Mosk, a liberal holdover from the long-gone "Rose
Bird Court," sounded almost apologetic in his concurring opinion in
reaching this conclusion, commending gay plaintiff Timothy Curran
as exactly the sort of person the BSA should place in a leadership
position.
Even the more conservative Chief Justice Ronald George,
writing for a majority of the court's members, insisted that "the
resolution of this matter does not turn on our personal views of
the wisdom or morality of the actions or policies that are
challenged in this case."
There were also separate concurring
opinions by Justices Joyce Kennard, Kathryn Werdegar, and Janice
Roger Brown.
(In a companion decision, _Randall v. Orange County
Council, Boy Scouts of America_, 1998 WL 125222, the court applied
the same holding to discrimination claims brought by twin brothers
who were expelled from their Cub Scout troop for being atheists.)
Like Jim Dale in New Jersey, Timothy Curran devoted several happy
childhood years to scouting, rising in the ranks to Eagle scout
before aging out of the program.
Simultaneously, he was
discovering his gay sexuality and became an openly gay civil rights
advocate at his high school, coming to the attention of the
_Oakland Tribune_, which featured an interview with Curran in a
three-part article on gay teenagers in the San Francisco Bay Area
that was published June 29-July 1, 1980.
By that time, Curran was
no longer an active scout, but shortly thereafter, he applied to
become an assistant scoutmaster so that he would be qualified to
attend the 1981 Boy Scouts National Jamboree.
His application was
rejected that fall, explicitly because he was now openly gay, and
Curran filed suit under the Unruh Act.
His lawsuit seemed to take forever to get to a final decision.
One
lengthy delay occurred when the trial court put the matter on hold
pending the U.S. Supreme Court's consideration of a public
accommodations case involving Rotary, International.
There were
also interlocutory appeals that delayed things, and then the final
appeal was delayed while the later-filed _Randall_ case was working
its way through the system.
Penultimately, the Court of Appeal
upheld a ruling by the trial court in favor of the Boy Scouts on
the ground that applying the Unruh Act to Curran's claim would
violate the Scouts' expressive association rights under the First
Amendment.
Unlike the trial court, the Court of Appeal also ruled
that the Unruh Act did not apply to the Scouts, thus rendering the
constitutional ruling dictum in the case.
The Supreme Court affirmed the latter ruling, and stated that
because the Unruh Act did not apply, the court would not rule on
the expressive association claim, which was mooted.
However, in
her concurring opinion, Justice Kennard stressed the serious
constitutional association issue as an independent reason for
adopting a narrow construction of the Unruh Act to avoid applying
it to the Boy Scouts.
In his opinion for the court, Chief Justice George traced the long
history of "public accommodations" and "business establishment" law
in California.
Prior to the 1959 Unruh Act, California had a
series of statutes forbidding discrimination in places of public
accommodation.
The change in nomenclature in 1959, substituting
the phrase "all business establishments of every kind whatsoever,"
was held by the court to have been a change with substantive
import.
Analyzing the application of the 1959 wording to this case, George
emphasized the non-business aspects of the Boy Scouts.
He noted
that the courts had given this phrase an expansive application in
the past.
"Nonetheless," he wrote, "although past California
decisions demonstrate that the Act clearly applies to any type of
for-profit commercial enterprise, and to nonprofit entities. . .
whose purpose is to serve the business or economic interests of its
owners or members, no prior decision has interpreted the "business
establishments" language of the Act so expansively as to include
the membership decisions of a charitable, expressive, and social
organization, like the Boy Scouts, whose formation and activities
are unrelated to the promotion or advancement of the economic or
business interests of its members. . .
In our view, given the
organization's overall purpose and function, the Boy Scouts cannot
reasonably be found to constitute a business establishment whose
membership decisions are subject to the Act."
In contrast to the N.J. Appellate Division, which stressed the size
of the national organization, the numerosity of its members, and
the nonselectivity of the membership, Justice George focused on the
small units, the den or the troop, meeting in members' homes, and
described the organization's focus as involving the youthful
members in "a variety of activities, ceremonies, and rituals that
are designed to teach the moral principles to which the
organization subscribes."
George acknowledged that the BSA also
engages in commercial activities, selling various products and
charging for participation in its programs, but drew a distinction
between such activities and the organization's decision about
admitting people to membership or voluntary leadership positions.
Justice Mosk's concurrence found the court's explanation of its
decision unsatisfactory, and articulated a different theory of the
case.
For Mosk, the essence of a business establishment is the
nature of its relationship with its customers, which he
characterized as a relationship of proprietor and patron, a
relationship which he concluded did not pertain between the Boy
Scouts and its members (although it does pertain, clearly, between
the Boy Scouts and those non-scout members who purchase goods or
services from the organization).
In a wide-ranging discussion,
Mosk reviewed key holdings going back several decades,
characterizing some as wrongly decided in light of this theoretical
view, and calling for overruling certain of them with which Chief
Justice George struggled in attempting to distinguish past
precedents to reach his conclusion in this case.
In her brief
concurrence, Justice Brown endorsed Mosk's analysis, characterizing
the court's past jurisprudence on this issue as "a mess" and
asserting that Mosk had successfully cleaned up the mess by
articulating a coherent theory for construing the term "business
establishment."
In her separate concurrence, Justice Werdegar is even more critical
than Justices Mosk and Brown of the court's jurisprudential record
on this issue, pointing out significant problems with the
majority's reasoning in this case.
_After three decades of
decisions, including today's, addressing the question whether
particular entities are `business establishments' subject to the
act, a competent attorney in many foreseeable cases still would not
be able to advise a client with a reasonable degree of certainty
whether the act applies."
The problem, insisted Werdegar, is that
the legislature had evaded the crucial task of defining its terms.
She bemoaned the need for judges to try to define crucial undefined
statutory terms, warning that it would lead to more confusing
decisions and unnecessary litigation.
Nonetheless, she agreed with
the court's ultimate conclusion in this case.
Because this decision turns solely on an interpretation of state
law, there is no further possibility of appeal beyond a petition
for rehearing or reconsideration, which, in view of the unanimity
of result, would seem unlikely to be granted.
In predicting the
effect of this ruling on challenges to the Boy Scouts' policies in
other jurisdictions, it is important to note the peculiar wording,
legislative history and history of application of the Unruh Act,
which can provide a basis for distinguishing this case from
proceedings in other states.
On the other hand, the California court's characterization of the
Boy Scouts as a matter of factual findings may prove influential,
differing as it does from the factual findings of the New Jersey
Appellate Division regarding the nature and purpose of the
organization.
The California court accepted the Boy Scouts'
assertion of the centrality of a particular moral vision to its
mission, including within that vision a firm rejection of the
normality and healthiness of a self-accepting gay identity and
acceptance of traditional Judaeo-Christian God-centered theology.
The New Jersey court, by contrast, pictured the Scouts as a
secular, relatively non-ideological organization whose espousal of
anti-gay dogma appeared to have been recently adopted, perhaps
partly to avoid controversy with "family"-oriented traditionalists.
Clearly, the way a court characterizes the organization will have
much to do both with its resolution of the statutory question and,
if need be, the constitutional question raised by applying a non-
discrimination law to the organization's membership decisions.
A.S.L.
Alabama Supreme Court Upholds Restrictions on Lesbian Mother's
Visitation Rights, Imputing Criminality Based on Sodomy Law
A divided Supreme Court of Alabama reversed an appellate decision
which would have removed restrictions on visitation rights for
R.W., a non-custodial mother engaged in a four-year lesbian
relationship.
_Ex parte D.W.W. (In re: R.W. v. D.W.W.)_, 1998 WL
81615 (Feb. 27).
On their divorce in 1996, D.W.W., the father, was awarded custody
of the two minor children and R.W. was granted limited periods of
visitation "only at the maternal grandparents' home under their
supervision and control and in no event shall the children be
around N.L., the mother's sexual partner, during any visitation
period."
The trial judge also ordered that "Neither party shall
have overnight adult guests (family excluded) while [the] children
are in their home and under their custody unless they are married
thereto."
The opinion does not discuss the legality of lesbian
marriage in Alabama.
Chief Justice Hooper's opinion (with which another Justice
concurred, two others concurring in the result, and two dissenting)
shows great deference to "the duty of an appellate court. . . to
affirm the trial court's judgment if it is supported by any
credible evidence" in concluding that the visitation restrictions
were reasonably drawn to protect the interests of the children.
Hooper states "that R.W. at times displayed poor parenting skills
. . . the judge could have found that R.W. had hit her daughter
with the buckle of a belt, leaving marks on the child . . . the
judge heard testimony indicating that R.W. has been an impatient
parent, at times even shaking her son when his medication to
control his hyperactivity was wearing off."
Justice Kennedy dissented "[b]ecause the main opinion seems to be
more interested in providing social commentary than in protecting
the best interests of th[e] children. . . In an apparent attempt to
play to public opinion, the main opinion has ignored the sound
reasoning of the Court of Civil Appeals and has mischaracterized
much of the evidence presented in this case. . . While I am not
attempting to condone R.W.'s lifestyle, I cannot ignore the fact
that the trial court's decision appears to be founded primarily on
prejudice."
Kennedy enumerates eleven items of evidence, relevant to the
interests of the children, which the trial court and the main
opinion neglect to address, including: D.W.W.'s history of alcohol
abuse, violence, and numerous D.U.I. citations including one while
R.W. was pregnant, and one during the pendency of this action;
D.W.W. ran into a tree stump, totaling his car, while driving
intoxicated with his 23-month old daughter who was not secured in
a child safety seat; D.W.W. has been charged with domestic abuse on
three occasions, and R.W. testified that there were many unreported
incidents of abuse during their 10-year marriage; D.W.W.'s two
arrests for third-degree assault. Police described him as "highly
intoxicated and using abusive language."
On D.W.W.'s second
arrest, the police noted a bruise on R.W.'s left eye and were
forced to apprehend D.W.W. after he fled on foot.
Despite a guilty
plea on one assault charge, D.W.W. testified that he never hit his
wife; D.W.W. closed his infant son in a clothes dryer; D.W.W. has
consistently demonstrated his willingness to disparage R.W. in
front of the children and to use them as pawns in this dispute;
D.W.W. has threatened to kill R.W., the children, and others; on
several occasions, the daughter's school complained about her
personal hygiene and manners following her weekend visits with
D.W.W.; D.W.W. allegedly increased his son's Ritalin dosage without
consulting the child's physician; the children often returned from
D.W.W.'s house with flea bites, and both contracted scabies after
visiting him; and although D.W.W. had been ordered to pay child
support, the mortgage on the marital home, and half of the
children's daycare bill, the home mortgage remained in default
throughout this proceeding and the children's daycare facility had
to sue to collect the unpaid balance.
In upholding the trial court's requirement that R.W.'s "sexual
partner" N.L., with whom she and the children lived since 1994,
absent herself during the visits, the main opinion vaguely refers
to evidence that N.L. sometimes used disciplinary methods on the
children that "the mother even admitted . . . she personally would
not choose ... yet she continued to allow her sexual partner to
punish the children harshly." The court grudgingly admits that R.W.
and N.L. do not engage in sexual contact in front of the children
but "they openly display affection in the children's presence" and
"[b]oth women are active in the homosexual community . . . they
frequent gay bars and have discussed taking the children to a
homosexual church."
In a footnote to Justice Kennedy's dissent, by
contrast, we learn that R.W. has decided to take the children to
her parents' church and that R.W. and N.L. socialize "almost
exclusively" with coworkers and family.
The main opinion takes as "evidence that the children have been
adversely affected by their mother's [lesbian] relationship" the
facts that "[a]fter moving in with R.W. and N.L., the children
began using vulgar language and required psychiatric counseling.
The mother herself admits that her daughter began having problems
with manipulation and lying.
The evidence showed that this child
also experiences problems dealing with anger and that she sometimes
acts violently."
In dissent, Justice Kennedy reasons that "many of
the children's learning and behavioral difficulties began before
R.W. separated from D.W.W. and therefore could not be attributed to
R.W.'s relationship with N.L., as the main opinion implies.
The
evidence showed that the children had excelled in school over the
year and a half they were in their mother's custody, and that N.L.,
who is a child guidance counselor, had spent many hours working
with the parties' daughter to improve her spelling and her motor
skills."
Kennedy also points out that "the record indicates that
R.W. spanks the children less often than D.W.W. does, and that the
marks on the daughter, addressed in the main opinion, actually
occurred when R.W. grabbed the daughter's arm to rescue her from
drowning in the deep end of a pool."
In a footnote, Kennedy notes
that the only possible evidence for the court's assertion that the
children "required psychiatric counseling" was testimony that
D.W.W. had begun taking them to his sessions with his alcoholism
therapist.
The trial court found R.W.'s conduct to violate the laws of nature.
Absent any evidence as to the specifics of R.W.'s sex life, the
main opinion questions R.W.'s parental fitness based on the
presumed criminal nature of her relationship with N.L., and
suggests that lesbianism in general is illegal under the Alabama
Code.
Justice Kennedy quotes the code, which bars oral sex between
the unwed regardless of gender.
The main opinion implies that
violation of this statute is tantamount to parental unfitness.
Kennedy concludes that prejudice, rather than the best interests of
the children, determined this result.
_Mark Major_
South Dakota Supreme Court Orders Reinstatement of Teacher Who
Spoke to Students About Gay Sex
On February 25, 1998, the Supreme Court of South Dakota reversed a
lower court and ordered reinstatement of an elementary school
teacher who had been terminated after describing homosexual sexual
activities to his students. _Collins v. Faith School District_,
1998 WL 89636.
Richard Collins was an elementary school teacher with the Faith
School District.
His employment was terminated based upon
"incompetency" for his conduct after a sex education video was
shown to the students.
A community health nurse showed the sex
education video to the 4th, 5th and 6th grade students.
Afterwards, the male students went with Collins for a question and
answer session concerning the video.
Although the school system
does not have a specific sex education curriculum, Collins had done
the program with the same nurse for over fifteen years with the
same routine of taking the male students for a question and answer
session afterwards.
This year, during the question and answer
session, one student asked how two men could have sex.
In
response, Collins first cautioned the students that this type of
behavior was frowned upon, most people did not believe in it, and
the boys would find it gross.
Collins then described oral and anal
sexual intercourse in explicit detail to the students.
After several complaints from parents, a hearing was scheduled
before the school board to consider Collins' dismissal.
Although
Collins had an exemplary record with the school system and this was
the first and only complaint brought against him, the school board
found him incompetent and recommended his dismissal.
The school
board's decision was affirmed by the District Court.
The Supreme Court of South Dakota reversed in a decision by Justice
Amundson, finding that incompetence must arise from a course of
conduct or a series of incidents, and a single incident is
insufficient to support a finding of incompetence.
The court found
that a single incident could give rise to a finding of incompetence
only if it is of "such magnitude or of such far reaching
consequences that a teacher's ability to perform his or her duties
will be permanently impaired."
Here, there was no finding by the
lower court that the incident had any effect whatsoever on Collins'
teaching ability.
In fact, the principal of the school testified
that after the incident she did not even feel it necessary to spend
time in Collins' classroom to determine the long term effects of
the incident.
Accordingly, the court ordered that Collins be
reinstated and that a hearing be scheduled to determine back pay
due Collins.
_Todd V. Lamb_
First Circuit Revives Gay Professor's Discrimination Lawsuit
The U.S. Court of Appeals reversed the district court's grant of
summary judgment in a discrimination case brought by a gay, HIV+
professor contesting a denial of tenure, holding that the court's
jurisdiction to hear statutory discrimination claims was not
preempted by a contractual grievance procedure.
_Brennan v. King_,
1998 WL 115859 (March 20).
Michael Brennan joined the faculty of Northeastern University in
1998 as a tenure-track assistant professor of industrial
engineering.
He applied for tenure in the 1993-94 academic year,
and received positive recommendations at the departmental and
decanal levels of review.
However, the provost informed Brennan
that he would recommend against tenure, and ultimately the
president and the board of trustees followed the provost's
recommendation.
Brennan did not exercise his rights under the
grievance procedure to contest the provost's recommendation before
it went to the president.
Instead, he filed charges with the Mass.
Commission Against Discrimination (MCAD), which has jurisdiction
over sexual orientation discrimination issues as well as disability
discrimination claims, and the federal Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission, which administers the Americans With Disabilities Act
(ADA).
Neither agency found a violation of its statute, but EEOC
issued its standard right-to-sue letter and Brennan filed suit in
federal court, claiming violations of the ADA and sec. 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act, the Massachusetts law, and his employment
contract.
U.S. District Judge Richard Stearns granted summary
judgment on all claims, finding that the university grievance
procedure took priority.
Writing for the court of appeals, Senior District Judge Pollak
(E.D.Pa., sitting by designation) first addressed the question
whether the Federal Arbitration Act required submission of this
dispute to arbitration under the University's contractual grievance
procedure.
Pollak found that the university's grievance procedure
could not take priority over Brennan's statutory claims because the
grievance procedure does not authorize the arbitrator to award
tenure as a remedy.
"Evidently the arbitrator is confined to
addressing non-substantive issues that may -- but also may not --
have some impact on the tenure decision ultimately made by the
university's trustees."
The most that an arbitrator could do would
be to compel the provost to forward the favorable recommendation by
the candidate's department and dean to the trustees.
Furthermore,
the faculty handbook describes the grievance procedure as being
available to the dissatisfied tenure candidate, but does not
describe the process as mandatory.
The court also rejected the notion that some sort of "exhaustion of
administrative remedies" concept should be applied to this case,
noting that there was no allegation of a collective bargaining
contract under which the right to sue might be held to be waived or
forestalled until contractual remedies could be exhausted.
In this
case, Brennan was suing to vindicate individual rights guaranteed
by federal and state law, and the court found, at least as to his
statutory claims, that he should be entitled to pursue them
directly in court, having satisfied the requirement of first
submitting them to the relevant administrative agencies.
(Rehab.
Act. sec. 504 does not require any administrative agency exhaustion
prior to filing suit.)
However, Brennan's breach of contract claim fell under a distinct
analysis of state contract law, under which resorting to court
instead of exercising a contractually available grievance procedure
was questionable.
Consequently, the court upheld the grant of
summary judgment on the breach of contract claim, and remanded the
case for further proceedings on the statutory claims.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Strikes Down Limitation on Public Employee Access to
Sexually-Oriented Internet Material
The U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia sided
with professors at Virginia universities in declaring
unconstitutional a state law intended to restrict state employee
access to sexually explicit material on state-owned computers.
_Urofsky v. Allen_, 1998 WL 86587 (E.D.Va. Feb. 26).
The case was
decided on motions for summary judgement, in which the plaintiffs,
represented by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), argued
that "Restrictions on State Employee Access to Information
Infrastructure", Va. Code sec. 2.1-804, violated the First
Amendment of the Constitution.
The plaintiffs alleged that the Act interfered with their research
and teaching, particularly in regard to gender roles, sexuality,
indecency laws, and the "fleshy school" of Victorian poets.
The
defendant argued that the law is a legitimate limitation of the
speech of government employees.
The law prohibits state employees
from using state computers to access sexually explicit material,
unless it was previously approved in writing by the Agency head.
Material addressing homosexuality would fall within the prohibition
of the Act.
District Judge Brinkema stated the standard of review as when
government employees speak on matters of public concern, their
speech is entitled to First Amendment protection.
Speech by public
employees on matters of purely private concern is unprotected.
Under this standard, the court must balance the interests of the
employee as a citizen in commenting upon matters of public concern
and the interest of the state, as employer, in promoting the
efficiency of the public services it promotes through its
employees.
The court noted that the Act applies to sexually explicit speech
that normally enjoys First Amendment protection.
It also noted
that the Act's broad definition of sexually explicit content could
extend to the very research and debate that the plaintiffs noted in
their complaint: "At stake is the ability of more than 101,000
public employees at all levels of state government to read,
research, and discuss sexually explicit topics within their areas
of expertise.
This includes inquiry and debate by academics in the
fields of art, literature, medicine, psychology, anthropology, and
law, and the exchange of sexually explicit information and opinions
by employees in Virginia's Departments of Corrections, Social
Services, Juvenile Justice, and Mental Health, and the Office of
the Commonwealth's Attorney General.
Indeed, in the instant case,
the Commonwealth's own attorneys were required to obtain written
agency approval to make use of the Internet material they have
identified as `sexually explicit' before they could submit it with
their pleadings, noted the judge.
Because intellectual debate deals with sex, the court found that
the speech of public employees on sexually explicit matters may be
in the public concern and therefore protected by the First
Amendment.
The state argued that "state employees computer use is
not protected speech under the First Amendment because the
employees are acting in their capacities as government employees,
not public citizens."
Further, the state advanced to
justifications for the restriction imposed by the law: (1) to
maintain operational efficiency in the workplace, and (2) to
prevent the creation of a sexually hostile work environment.
The
state recited instances in which the workplace had been disrupted
or an employee had complained about sexually-explicit materials
displayed on office computers.
While noting the legitimate concerns of the state, Judge Brinkema
found that the law was "both fatally overinclusive and
underinclusive," as it did not necessarily reach all material that
might cause the evils it was intended to prevent, but it broadly
swept into its reach many instances of harmless materials.
The
judge also noted the restricted grounds on which permission could
be given under the Act to access sexually-explicit materials, and
evidence in the record showed that "implementation of the approval
process has proven problematic."
The court also noted that there
were content-neutral ways to achieve the state's goals, by
prohibiting "unauthorized use" of state equipment.
Given all these flaws, the court concluded that the law did not
constitute a "reasonable response" to the state's legitimate
interests because "the Act fails to advance these interests in a
direct and material way."
Indeed, the Act's "poor fit" suggested
that it was "intended to discourage discourse on sexual topics,
`not because it hampers public functions but simply because [the
state] disagree[s] with the content of employees' speech.'"
Thus,
the state failed to meet its burden to justify an abridgement of
speech, and summary judgment was granted in favor of the
plaintiffs.
_Paul Twarog & Arthur S. Leonard_
Dispute Continues Over McVeigh Reinstatement
In _McVeigh v. Cohen_, 983 F.Supp. 215 (D.D.C., Jan. 26, 1998),
U.S. District Judge Stanley Sporkin ruled that the U.S. Navy
violated the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell, Don't Pursue" policy on gays
in the military by discharging Timothy McVeigh because his America
On-Line member profile (posted under an alias) appeared to indicate
that he might be gay.
Sporkin enjoined the Navy "from taking any
adverse action against Plaintiff, including discharging Plaintiff
from the United States Navy or otherwise hindering Plaintiff's
Naval Service, on the basis of his alleged sexual orientation so
long as Plaintiff is in compliance with 10 U.S.C. sec. 654 and
relevant regulations. . ."
After this decision was issued, it was
speculated that McVeigh and the Navy would reach a settlement under
which he could take early retirement with full benefits.
That apparently hasn't happened, and McVeigh sought a further
hearing with the court, charging that the Navy had refused to
reinstate him to an appropriate position.
At a hearing held on
March 5, the Navy contended that it had offered McVeigh three
alternative postings, but he had rejected them, claiming that they
were not commensurate with his rank and experience.
The Navy also
argued that the court had no jurisdiction to review its decisions
about where to assign McVeigh.
In an opinion issued March 11, _McVeigh v. Cohen_, 1998 WL 116270,
Judge Sporkin rejected the Navy's contention.
While agreeing that
a court may not order the Navy to give McVeigh a specific
assignment, Sporkin concluded that he did have the authority to
determine whether the assignments offered to McVeigh were in
compliance with his order, and scheduled a hearing on March 26 for
factual inquiry on the clashing contentions concerning the
appropriateness of the postings offered to McVeigh.
At the March 26 hearing, according to an Associated Press report,
Sporkin ordered the Navy to offer McVeigh an appropriate posting by
June 1, and set a hearing for that date to oversee compliance with
his order.
The Navy contends that although an opening did occur
recently for a "chief of boat" position similar to the one from
which McVeigh had been discharged, it had concluded that McVeigh
was not the best qualified person for that position.
At the
hearing, the Navy also raised doubts about whether someone now
suspected of being gay should be assigned to a nuclear sub with its
close living quarters, but a Justice Department spokesperson
insisted that the government intends to reinstate McVeigh,
evidently signalling a reluctance to appeal Sporkin's order to the
D.C. Circuit.
A.S.L.
NY Federal Court Rules Gay Discrimination Claim Against Securities
Firm Must Go to Arbitration
Jonathan Gold, who filed an employment discrimination suit against
Deutsche Morgan Grenfell alleging sex and sexual orientation
discrimination under both Title VII and New York state laws, must
submit his dispute to arbitration, according to a March 19 ruling
by U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood in _Gold V. Deutsche
Aktiengesellschaft_, 1998 WL 126058 (S.D.N.Y.) (not officially
published).
Gold was hired by defendant out of the MBA program at New York
University as a trainee.
In April 1996 he was transferred from his
original posting to Deutsche Morgan Grenfell, where he alleges that
"he was required to do demeaning work, and subjected to disparaging
comments by his supervisors on the basis of his sexual
orientation."
Gold also alleges that the employer maintained a
"working environment that was hostile to individuals whose sexual
preference is for individuals of their same sex."
Gold was
discharged June 30, 1996, and filed his lawsuit in February 1997.
The defendants moved to dismiss for failure to state a claim, or in
the alternative to defer the case to arbitration.
(Gold's apparent
failure to allege a violation of the New York City Human Rights Law
certainly raises questions about whether he has stated a claim,
given the slim likelihood of persuading a federal court that a
hostile environment case based on the sexual orientation of the
plaintiff would be actionable under Title VII or the NY State Human
Rights Law, neither of which expressly forbids sexual orientation
discrimination.)
In common with most of those hired by the financial services
industry, Gold had signed the industry's uniform application form
which includes an agreement that all disputes between employees and
employers in the industry are subject to binding arbitration.
Although in some contexts, i.e., labor-management collective
bargaining agreements, the federal courts have held that employees
may assert statutory employment discrimination claims despite the
existence of a grievance arbitration process in their union
contracts, the federal courts have generally found that the tight
arbitration provision in the National Association of Securities
Dealers application form essentially ousts the federal courts of
jurisdiction to hear discrimination lawsuits against securities
firms.
Based on these precedents, Judge Wood granted the defendants'
motion to compel arbitration, and ordered the court proceedings
stayed pending such arbitration.
A.S.L.
Virginia Federal Court Denies Summary Judgement in Prisoner Rape
Case
In a rare instance of allowing a prisoner rape 8th Amendment case
go to trial, U.S. District Judge Ellis ruled in _Wilson v. Wright_,
1998 WL 130018 (E.D.Va., March 19), that prisoner Ronald Wilson had
stated a potentially valid 8th Amendment claim against a prison
official who was responsible for cell assignments, and that
controverted facts precluded deciding the case on summary judgment
for either party.
Wilson, described as "a 5'8" tall, 136 pound white male" who was 19
years old at the time in question, was sentenced to 28 years for
breaking and entering, burglary, and grand larceny, was placed in
the general prison population in Greensville Correctional Center.
He was assigned to share a double cell with inmate Robert Ramey,
described as "a 38-year-old, six-foot one-inch, 290-pound African-
American male serving a 33-1/2 year sentence for the abduction-
with-intent-to-defile and forcible sodomy of a twelve-year-old
boy."
Ramey's prison record showed that he had a history of
violence and sexual assault in the prison.
Predictably, Ramey
anally raped Wilson within a week of Wilson's assignment to share
his cell.
Wilson complained, and ultimately obtained a
reassignment (and protective custody when word of his complaints
spread to other inmates who then threatened him with retribution
for turning in Ramey).
Ramey was disciplined for the incident.
Wilson sued prison officials, claiming a violation of his 8th
Amendment rights.
Most of the prison officials were dismissed from the case, which
has boiled down now to one named defendant, Carmen Baylor, the
employee who made the cell assignment.
Baylor claims that she had
not consulted Ramey's prison file before assigning Wilson to share
his cell, even though checking the files of both inmates is
supposed to be standard prison procedure.
Ramey denies having
assaulted Wilson.
Judge Ellis concluded that it was possible,
given the state of the record on cross-motions for summary
judgment, that a jury could conclude that Ramey did assault Wilson
(there was medical evidence of rectal trauma the next day) and that
Baylor's conduct evinced culpable indifference to the welfare of
Wilson in making the cell assignment, and concluded that the case
should go to trial.
A.S.L.
NY Civil Court Blocks Eviction of Gay Life Partner
New York City Civil Court Judge Hoffman has issued an order
blocking the eviction of Vance Jones, who claims to be the
surviving gay life partner of Richard Watts, who died from AIDS on
August 23, 1991.
_170 West 85 Street HDFC v. Jones_, N.Y.L.J.,
3/18/98), p. 29, col. 6 (N.Y.Co.Civ.Ct.).
Watts and Jones, already
a couple for several years, moved into the apartment at 170 West
85th Street together in 1983.
When the building converted to a
co-op in 1989, Watts purchased the shares for the apartment, but
both men contributed toward their living expenses, according to
papers filed by Jones in this lawsuit, and held themselves out as
family members to relatives and friends.
There's no indication in the court's decision that the men ever
filed a domestic partnership certificate with the city or took any
action to require the co-op to recognize them as a couple.
Watts
died without a will or any other formal legal document recognizing
Jones as his heir or family member.
Jones continued to live in the apartment after Watts' death, and
the co-op took no action until April 1997, when it filed suit in
the Surrogate's Court seeking appointment of an administrator for
Watts' estate so that the co-op could gain possession of the
apartment.
The co-op's petition never mentioned Jones, but stated
that Watts' only surviving heir was a sister.
There is no
indication that Jones was notified that the co-op was filing these
papers in the Surrogate's Court, or that the Surrogate who acted in
the case, Hon. Eve Preminger, had any knowledge about these
circumstances when she appointed the Public Administrator for New
York County, Ethel Griffin, to administer Watts' estate.
Griffin,
acting as administrator, surrendered to the co-op Watts' shares and
proprietary lease.
The next month, a cousin of Jones filed a complaint at the City
Human Rights Commission, claiming that the co-op was harassing
Jones and discriminating against him by failing to designate him a
successor to Watts on the proprietary lease.
The co-op retaliated
by filing a lawsuit seeking to evict Jones.
Jones, who is
allegedly mentally incompetent, has had a court guardian ad litem
appointed to represent him.
In its recent ruling, the Civil Court ordered the co-op to let
Jones continue living in the apartment while the Human Rights
Commission deals with his discrimination claim.
The Human Rights
Commission has the power to order the co-op to issue the
proprietary lease to Jones as a succeeding family member to Watts,
according to Judge Hoffman's decision, if the Commission finds that
Jones and Watts were family members.
A.S.L.
Marriage & Domestic Partnership Notes
Voters in Oak Park, Illinois, passed an advisory referendum on
March 17 supporting the establishment of a city registry for same-
sex couples.
The vote was 5035 to 4792.
_Chicago Sun-Times_,
March 19.
Tower Records, which operates 187 retail stores throughout the
U.S., announced that effective April 1 it will be providing
medical, dental and vision benefits to same-sex partners of its
employees.
The new benefits program will also provide COBRA
eligibility for same-sex partners (i.e., continuation of coverage
if their employee partner loses his or her job) and will expand
Tower's leaves of absence policy for employees to include leaves
due to a family death or illness involving a same-sex partner.
_Sacramento Bee_, March 3.
"Freddie Mac," the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation,
announced that it began providing domestic partnership benefits to
its staff as of Jan. 1.
_Washington Blade_, Feb. 27.
In pending litigation challenging San Francisco's ordinance
requiring city contractors to extend domestic partnership benefits,
U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken issued a temporary restraining
order on Feb. 27 exempting Federal Express Corp. from compliance
with the ordinance.
_Air Transport Assoc'n of America v. City and
County of San Francisco_, No. C97-01763 (N.D.Cal., Feb. 27)(see BNA
_Daily Labor Report_ No. 44, 3/6/98, p. A-5); _San Francisco
Chronicle_, Feb. 28.
FedEx's compliance became an immediate issue
due to ongoing negotiations to lease the corporation 100,000 square
feet of building space at the city's airport.
"If FedEx signs the
contract with the city's status quo provision and this court
upholds the ordinance," said Judge Wilken, "the company will be
forced to adopt a benefits policy and maintain it for the length of
the lease even though the city's insistence on that policy might be
unlawful."
On the other hand, if the law has been held invalid by
the time the lease ends, "FedEx will have to choose between
continuing to provide these benefits or withdrawing the benefits
and suffering an adverse effect on employee morale.
In either
case, FedEx would suffer damages that could not easily be
quantified and consequently amount to irreparable injury."
Wilken
found that without this lease, FedEx would have great difficulty in
continuing to provide its current package delivery services, and,
according to the judge, "serious" questions are raised by the case
concerning ERISA preemption of the city's authority to adopt the
ordinance.
A further hearing on the matter was scheduled for April
3.
In a refreshing change from some recent cases, New York City Civil
Court Judge Arlene Hahn found a non-traditional family relationship
in a tenant succession case without significant financial
documentation of interrelationship.
_King David Development Co. v.
Artega_, NYLJ, 3/11/98 (NYC Civ. Ct., Housing Part, N.Y. Co.), p.
27, col.4.
The rent stabilized tenant died from AIDS.
The
respondent had moved in with him and established something akin to
a "mother and son" relationship.
Judge Hahn found that she had
presented proof on 6 of the 8 factors mentioned by tenant
succession regulations, the only major gap being lack of
documentary evidence of financial interdependence such as joint
bank accounts, credit cards or the like.
Hahn noted that all eight
factors need not be satisfied, and that it was not unusual for
people with limited assets to lack the formal ties with financial
institutions that would generate such documentation.
Arizona Superior Court Judge Allen Minker (Greenlee County) ruled
March 13 that it is legal for Pima County to extend health
insurance benefits eligibility to the unmarried domestic partners
of its employees.
The county's Board of Supervisors approved the
policy in March 1997, but implementation was held up when taxpayers
protested to the County Attorney's Office, which filed an action in
Superior Court challenging the Supervisors' authority to adopt the
policy.
According to a press report, Minker's opinion offered
little explanation, merely asserting: "The legal authorities do not
support the position of the county attorney.
The Board of
Supervisors did act within their authority on this case."
It was
unknown at press time whether the county attorney would appeal.
_Arizona Daily Star_, March 14.
Opposition to same-sex marriage continued in several state
legislatures.
On March 11, the Iowa House of Representatives and
the Kentucky House of Representatives passed bills that would deny
legal recognition of same-sex marriages.
_Des Moines Register_,
March 12; _Chicago Tribune_, March 12.
However, according to an
internet posting on March 15 by the West Virginia Lesbian & Gay
Coalition, a similar ban passed by both houses of that state's
legislature has died in conference committee, at least for now.
A committee of the Central Conference of American Rabbis of Reform
Judaism has issued a report on the issue of same-sex marriage.
The
Conference voted in 1996 to urge that civil marriage be available
to lesbians and gay men, but had stated in that resolution that it
was not taking a position with respect to the availability of a
Jewish religious marriage for a same-sex couple.
The new report,
published in the CCAR's Journal (Winter 1998), urges that the
Conference refrain from taking a position on this issue, because
the committee was unable to achieve a consensus.
A majority of the
committee feels that the Jewish concept of religious marriage is so
heterosexually specific that it should not be opened up to same-sex
couples; a minority of the committee believes that reform Rabbis
should be able to perform Jewish religious wedding ceremonies for
same-sex couples.
The entire committee agreed that congregations
and rabbis should recognize lesbian and gay families and households
within their congregations.
C.C.A.R. Responsa Committee, _On
Homosexual Marriage_, CCAR Journal, Winter 1998, pages 5-35. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
In _Stringfellow's of New York v. City of New York_, 1998 WL 77749
(N.Y.Ct.App., Feb. 24), New York's highest court rejected a
constitutional challenge to a new city zoning ordinance that would
sharply reduce the permissible locations for sex-oriented
businesses.
The Giuliani Administration exulted and announced
plans to implement the ordinance, but determined sex shop owners
have managed to stall implementation with a federal suit, claiming
that the ordinance does not leave sufficient realistic locations
for sex-oriented businesses.
Their claim is now pending before the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit.
The plaintiffs have
shown that a substantial number of sites identified by City
officials as "available" for commercial uses are actually nothing
of the kind, located in undeveloped marshland, in areas occupied by
large, established businesses, in parking lots and public parkland,
etc.
On Feb. 20, President Bill Clinton issued a directive that requires
all federal government health insurance plans, including those
purchased by the government from private insurance companies to
cover health care costs of federal employees, to adopt a Patients
Bill of Rights that bans discrimination, inter alia, on the basis
of sexual orientation.
A White House press release indicated that
because the directive will apply to Medicare, Medicaid, all
military and veterans health plans, etc., about 85 million
Americans are covered under the directive.
_Washington Blade_,
Feb. 27.
Several openly gay public officials successfully won election in
recent weeks.
In Tempe, Arizona, Neil Giuliano, who came out
during his second term as mayor, won re-election with 56 percent of
the vote.
In Massachusetts, Elizabeth Malia, an openly lesbian
candidate, won a special election to fill a vacant seat in the
Massachusetts House of Representatives, thus becoming the state's
first openly gay state legislator in two decades.
(Elaine Noble,
who served in the Mass. House in the mid-1970s, was the first
openly-gay state legislator in the nation.)
Another openly-gay
candidate, Gary Resnick, won election to the Wilton Manors,
Florida, City Council.
_Southern Voice_, March 19.
Most of the scientific research on biological bases for homosexual
orientation has focused on male subjects.
Early in March there
were nationwide press reports about a new study published in the
_Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences_ showing,
apparently for the first time, a physical characteristic more
prevalent in lesbians than in heterosexual women: a variation in
hearing and how individuals process sound sources.
The study found
that lesbians' hearing was more like men than like heterosexual
women, possibly indicating physical differences in brain structure
correlating with sexual orientation.
The _Daily Record_, a legal newspaper in Baltimore, Maryland,
reported that the state's Commission on Judicial Disabilities has
issued a warning to Circuit Court Judge Lawrence H. Rushworth
concerning his reference to a father's homosexuality in ruling on
a child visitation matter.
Rushworth's decision to deny overnight
visitation was overturned by the state's Court of Special Appeals,
but the state's highest court, the Court of Appeals, has agreed to
review the case.
Maryland has adopted the ABA Model Code of
Judicial Conduct, which forbids bias on the basis of sexual
orientation by judges.
_Daily Record_, March 12.
The California Court of Appeal, 4th District, recognized parental
rights and responsibilities of "non-biological" parents in
_Marriage of Buzzanca_, 1998 WL 102105 (March 10).
An infertile
husband and wife arranged to have an embryo genetically unrelated
to either of them implanted in a woman, serving as a "surrogate,"
who would carry the fetus to term and provide them with the child.
After the surrogate became pregnant, the husband and wife split up,
and the question of their parental rights or responsibilities came
before the trial court, which decided, extraordinarily enough, that
the youngster (who had been born by the time of the trial court's
decision) had no legal parents.
Reversing this decision, the court
of appeal noted the precedent that a man could be a father even
though he did not contribute sperm if his wife conceived through
donor insemination.
Based on this principle, the court decided
that "a husband and wife [should] be deemed the lawful parents of
a child after a surrogate bears a biologically unrelated child on
their behalf."
Thus, the matter was remanded to the trial court
for a declaration that the parties are the legal parents of the
child, and for a determination of issues of custody and visitation.
The _Washington Blade_ reported March 13 that significant numbers
of young gay men may inadvertently render themselves disqualified
for college or vocational financial aid from the federal government
by failing to register with the Selective Service System.
Although
Congress has banned military service by openly-gay people, that
does not mean that gay men are excused from compliance with the
Selective Service Law, which requires all male citizens to register
upon reaching age 18.
Federal assistance programs disqualify any
male who has failed to comply with the Selective Service Law.
The city council in Fort Collins, Colorado, gave final approval on
March 4 to a gay rights ordinance scheduled to take effect March
13, covering employment, housing and public accommodations, but
opponents promptly stated that they would attempt to get a repeal
referendum on the ballot. _Denver Post_, March 5.
Reacting to the repeal of a recently-passed gay rights ordinance by
the Salt Lake City Council, City Attorney Roger Cutler has drafted
a new proposed ordinance that would protect city employees from
discrimination based on criteria that are not "job- related." This
is intended to be responsive to those Council members who were
unhappy with granting "special rights" to gay people.
_Deseret
News_, March 5.
A.S.L.
Pending Litigation
As we went to press, the Supreme Court was scheduled to hear oral
argument March 31 in _National Endowment for the Arts v. Finley_,
No. 97-371, an appeal of 100 F.3d 671 (9th Cir.), in which the 9th
Circuit held unconstitutional a federal directive that the NEA
"take into consideration general standards of decency and respect
for the diverse beliefs and values of the American public" in
deciding whether to fund particular projects.
The action was
brought by four performance artists -- three of whom are openly
lesbian or gay -- who were denied grants under this standard.
The
9th Circuit found a 1st Amendment free speech violation; the
Clinton administration petitioned for certiorari.
A coalition of civil rights groups has filed suit on behalf of the
members of a high school gay/straight student club in Salt Lake
City, challenging discrimination by the local school board.
_East
High Gay/Straight Alliance v. Board of Education of Salt Lake City
School District_, U.S.Dist.Ct., Utah (filed 3/19/98).
The suit
alleges violations of the Equal Access Act, the First Amendment,
and other federal laws.
In order to keep from having to recognize
this student group or allow it to meet on the high school campus,
the school board reclassified certain social clubs as "curricular"
and allowed other clubs to meet unofficially, according to the
complaint.
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund is lead counsel
in the case, joined by the ACLU of Utah, the ACLU of Northern
California, and the National Center for Lesbian Rights.
Cooperating attorneys on the case include Marlin G. Criddle and
Laura Milliken Gray of Salt Lake City, and Heller Ehrman White &
McAuliffe, a Los Angeles-based law firm.
_Lambda Press Release_,
March 19. A.S.L.
Litigation Settlements and Verdicts
The Alexander Hamilton Post (San Francisco) of the American Legion
has settled its discrimination lawsuit against the California
Legion.
The suit, filed in San Francisco Superior Court in 1996,
alleged that the Legion had violated state antidiscrimination law
by its homophobic treatment of the Hamilton Post, which is an
organization of gay and lesbian military veterans.
Under the
settlement, the state body will make a payment of damages of
undisclosed amount, will cease denigrating the gay chapter, will
instruct the editor of its publications to do the same, and will
encourage its districts around the state to tell new members that
special-interest posts like the Hamilton post exist.
_San
Francisco Examiner_, March 3.
The City of Tucson, Arizona, has settled a lawsuit brought by a
police officer who was discharged for making homophobic remarks.
Joseph Hite was fired in 1996 after several incidents in which it
is alleged that he made homophobic remarks.
Hite sued the city,
claiming that it had failed to follow the requirements of civil
service rules in his case.
_Hite v. City of Tucson_.
His
discharged was upheld by the civil service commission, but a state
court vacated the matter for rehearing based on allegations that
one of the commissioners had improperly consulted independent
experts about the case.
The matter was about to be reheard by the
commission when the settlement was announced.
Under terms of the
settlement, Hite will be reinstated and then resign effective last
Jan. 4, and will receive $55,000 in back pay and legal fees.
The
police chief announced he was satisfied with this resolution, since
he does not have to take Hite back on the force.
_Arizona Daily
Star_, March 4.
A Smith County, Texas, jury voted to impose a 30-year sentence and
a $10,000 fine on Billy Glenn Adams, who was convicted of wounding
Kevin Adams (not related to him) and leaving him partially
paralyzed in one arm.
The defendant claims he was drunk and does
not remember shooting Kevin Adams, but the defendant had told
others that he was out "queer-hunting" that night and bragged about
having shot a "queer."
_Houston Chronicle_, March 6.
A Houston, Texas, jury has voted to impose the death sentence on
Derrick Leon Jackson, 29, in the beating and stabbing murders of
Richard Alan Wrotenbery and Forrest G. Henderson, both then 31, in
their apartment in September 1988.
The case took so long to come
to trial because Jackson was identified through new fingerprint
techniques that did not exist at the time of the murder.
In
pleading against the death penalty, Jackson's attorney mentioned to
Henderson having allegedly gone to gay bars in Houston's Montrose
neighborhood the night before the killings, picking up Jackson, and
taking him back to the couple's apartment.
Jackson has never
stated any reason for the murder.
_Houston Chronicle_, March 18.
Rudolph A. Serra, President of the Stonewall Bar Association in
Detroit and a member of that city's Human Rights Commission, has
informed us of a case in which he represented a gay Grand Rapids
teenager who was prosecuted for "accosting and soliciting a minor
for immoral purposes."
The Rockford, Michigan, jury acquitted
Jason Marshall, 19, on March 9, after the alleged victim, a 16-
year-old, who was forced to testify, effectively repudiated the
prosecutor's version of the case.
Serra issued a press release
blasting the prosecutor for forcing the young "victim" to testify
publicly about his homosexuality, in a case where there was no
evidence that the defendant had ever solicited the "victim" to
engage in any sexual activity.
_People v. Marshall_.
Another strike-out for lesbian mother Sharon Bottoms: Henrico
County, Virginia, Circuit Court Judge Buford M. Parsons, Jr., who
has consistently ruled against Bottoms in her struggle to regain
custody of her son Tyler from her mother Kay Bottoms, has ruled
against a motion by Sharon Bottoms to expand her visitation rights
to include contact with Bottoms' partner, April Wade.
Despite a
directive from the state's intermediate appellate court that
Parsons reconsider his guidelines from prior visitation rulings,
see 1997 WL 421218 (July 27), Parsons made no statement in his
brief order of a reason for rejecting Bottom's request.
The court
of appeals had ruled that Parsons erred in banning contact between
Tyler and Wade solely because Wade is a lesbian.
A gay nightclub in Minneapolis, called "Gay 90's," had begun to
attract many heterosexual patrons in recent years to view its drag
shows.
Recently, six heterosexuals filed a lawsuit claiming they
had either been refused admittance or treated poorly in the club
due to their sexual orientation.
An out-of-court settlement was
reached on March 14, under which the club will offer a formal
apology to the plaintiffs and reaffirm an open-door policy to
people of any sexual orientation.
In addition, the club and the
plaintiffs will make a joint financial donation to Camp Heartland,
a summer camp for children with AIDS.
Minnesota law prohibits
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation by places of
public accommodation.
_Star-Tribune_ (Mpls.-St. Paul), March 17.
A.S.L.
International Notes
The Canadian Supreme Court heard arguments on March 18 in a case
challenging the definition of "spouse" in the context of the right
to seek an alimony award under the Ontario Family Law Act.
That
act defines a spouse as a "person of the opposite sex."
In the
case, a lesbian couple, identified as "H" and "M," had split up,
and one was seeking an award of alimony from the other.
The lower
court ruled that excluding a same-sex couple from the coverage of
the law was discriminatory, in violation of the federal charter of
rights.
The couple then settled the case, but the province of
Ontario appealed, as the lower court rulings placed a cloud on the
legitimacy of the Family Law Act.
If the lower court rulings are
upheld, family law provisions throughout Canada might have to be
revised to extend various rights to same-sex couples.
_Canadian
Broadcasting Corp. Newsworld Online_, March 18.
The French-language publication "Tels Quels" in its March 1998
issue provides a summary of a Circular Letter issued last fall by
the Minister of Internal Affairs of Belgium, setting forth
conditions under which international same-sex partners may seek
permanent residence in Belgium.
Although there are several strict
conditions set forth, the most significant are that one member of
the couple must already be a Belgian citizen, they must cohabit in
a long-lasting relationship memorialized in a notarized living-
together contract, and the Belgian citizen member of the couple
must assume legal responsibility for the support and continuing
good behavior of the non-citizen.
_From a summary posted by Alan
Reekie for the International Lesbian & Gay Association, posted to
the association's internet mailing list._ A.S.L.
Professional Notes
LeGaL Member Lewis A. Silverman has been elected Village Justice of
the incorporated village of Lake Grove in Suffolk County, Long
Island, New York.
He is also a professor and Director of the
Family Law Clinic at Touro Law Center.
Gay attorney Steve Martin has been sworn in as the new mayor of
West Hollywood, California; his mayor pro tem is another openly gay
councilmember, John Heilman.
President Bill Clinton has nominated openly-gay attorney Q. Todd
Dickinson to be Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce to head the
Patent and Trademark Office.
Dickinson, a University of Pittsburgh
Law School graduate, is a past board member of Human Rights
Campaign, and was co-chair of Philadelphia Attorneys for Human
Rights, a lesbian/gay bar association, from 1991 to 1995.
He has
practiced intellectual property law for almost two decades in
industry and law firms, and belongs to the major professional
associations in that field.
_Washington Blade_, March 13.
Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), New England's public
interest legal organization, is expanding.
GLAD seeks a full-time
Staff Attorney to litigate sexual orientation and HIV-related civil
rights and discrimination cases throughout New England.
Qualified
candidates must have 5-10 years of litigation and/or appellate
experience; commitment to and familiarity with legal issues
relating to the lesbian, gay and bisexual communities and to HIV
and AIDS issues; experience with public speaking, media and public
relations; and ability to supervise staff, interns and volunteers.
New England bar admission preferred.
Salary depends on experience;
excellent benefits.
Send confidential resume, cover letter and
writing sample to Gary D. Buseck, Esq., GLAD, 294 Washington
Street, Suite 740, Boston, MA
02108-4608.
Servicemembers Legal Defense Network (SLDN) seeks a Legal Director.
SLDN is the sole legal aid and watchdog organization for those
harmed by "Don't Ask, Don't Tell, Don't Pursue."
The ideal
candidate is a lawyer with 5-10 years experience with significant
client contact.
Military law, civil rights law, legal aid
experience and/or prior military service is ideal, though not
required.
Candidate must have highly developed management and
organizational skills.
Candidate will have primary responsibility
for all cases and management of legal staff, including legal
interns.
The Legal Director will assist the Executive Directors
with policy, watchdog, education & outreach and other projects as
assigned.
Salary:
40-50, depending on experience.
SLDN is an
equal opportunity employer.
Please send resume to SLDN, Legal
Director, P.O. Box 65301, Washington, D.C.
20035-5301.
The 13th Annual Dinner of the Massachusetts Lesbian and Gay Bar Association on May 8 will
feature U.S. District Court Judge Nancy Gertner as keynote speaker.
The MLGBA will also
honor Bennett H. Klein, Esq., a staff attorney at Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders, with
its Community Service Award.
Klein is lead counsel in Bragdon v. Abbott, see
below.
The Association will present its Kevin Larkin Memorial Award to Michelle Benecke and
C. Dixon Osburn, co-executive directors of the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network.
A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
2nd Circuit Reverses Summary Judgment in "Off-Label Use" Suit
Against ERISA Benefits Plan
Reversing a trial court's grant of summary judgment in favor of an
employee benefits plan governed by the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act (ERISA), a 2nd Circuit panel ruled Jan. 20 that a home
health service company caring for a person with AIDS covered by the
plan was entitled to a trial of its claim that "off-label"
administration of particular drugs prescribed by the person's
doctor should be covered under the plan.
_I.V. Services of America
v. Trustees of the American Consulting Engineers Council Ins. Trust
Fund_, 136 F.3d 114.
The case is very significant, because many
treatments in connection with AIDS have been developed by doctors
using existing licensed drugs, and FDA labelling has not caught up
with current accepted uses in many instances.
Michael Whitehurst, a hemophiliac with AIDS, was hospitalized with
CMV Retinitis.
His physician, Dr. Mark Pierce, treated him with
Ganciclovir, which has a side effect of neutropenia.
To treat
neutropenia, Dr. Pierce prescribed Neopogen.
The costs of both
treatments were reimbursed by the plan.
When Whitehurst was to be
discharged to his home, Dr. Pierce prescribed continuing treatment
with Neopogen and Leukine to complement continuing Ganciclovir
treatment at home.
I.V. Services was contracted to provide the
home drug therapy to Whitehurst.
When I.V. submitted its first
bill to the plan, it was denied reimbursement for these drugs, the
plan asserting, for the first time, that these drugs were not
covered because they were experimental and not specifically
approved by the Food and Drug Administration for these uses.
The trial judge, construing the benefits plan documents, agreed
with the plan that the documents specifically limited coverage to
FDA-approved uses, and granted summary judgment.
On appeal, the
2nd Circuit, in an opinion by Judge Guido Calabresi, reversed,
finding that the plan document's language was ambiguous enough on
the issue to leave a fact question requiring jury consideration.
The plan document provides that drugs provided for home health care
are covered if they "are approved by the United States Food and
Drug Administration for general use in treating the injury or
illness for which they are prescribed."
The plan asserts that this
means that they need only reimburse if the FDA has specifically
approved a drug for a particular treatment for a particular
disease.
In this case, Neupogen has been approved for combatting
neutropenia that results from the treatment of certain cancers, but
has not been specifically approved for combatting neutropenia that
results from Ganciclovir treatment for CMV retinitis.
I.V.
contends that once the FDA has approved a drug for treating
neutropenia, the plan should be obligated to reimburse for any use
of that drug to treat neutropenia, regardless of the cause of the
neutropenia.
Finding that either interpretation of the plan language would be
plausible, Calabresi found that it was clear error for the district
court to rule as a matter of law that only one interpretation was
correct.
Additionally, I.V. argued that the plan had reimbursed for Neupogen
while Whitehurst was hospitalized, and that the plan document
specifically provides that drugs that are reimbursed for in-
patients will also be reimbursed subsequently when the patient gets
home care.
The plan argues that the prior reimbursement occurred
due to clerical error rather than a conscious decision that this
medication was covered.
Calabresi asserted that summary judgment
on this point had been improper as well; an affidavit by the moving
party asserting that the earlier payments were made due to clerical
error need not be believed by the fact-finder, and, in any event,
the truth or falsity of that contention was not determinative on
the ultimate question of whether the plan is obligated to pay for
this drug.
The case was remanded for further fact-finding and
trial.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Rules Against HIV+ Campaign Official in HIV
Disclosure Lawsuit
Federal District Judge John T. Elfvin allowed the City of Buffalo
to amend its response to a 1995 HIV disclosure lawsuit after a 22
month lag.
_Adamczyk v. City of Buffalo_, 1998 WL 89342 (W.D.N.Y.,
Feb. 23).
Judge Elfvin also granted summary judgement for the City
regarding most of the suit.
Also named in the suit were the
Buffalo Police Department, the Erie County Democratic Party, and
various John and Jane Does.
On September 15, 1992,
Laurence A. Adamczyk was arrested for DWI
and obstructing governmental administration.
He was asked if he
was taking any medication.
Adamczyk said that he was taking AZT
because he was HIV+.
Adamczyk's HIV status was noted on an
unspecified form that was required to be completed for all incoming
arrestees.
Adamczyk, along with the unspecified form, were taken
to the cellblock area.
One of the officers noted on a prisoner
control sheet: "A-4:
Adamczyk, Lawrence --taking AZT for HIV."
The police had, at the time, a policy of recording all medical
information, including HIV-related information, on prisoner control
sheets.
The Police Department sent a copy of the form to the Clerk
of the Buffalo City Court and the Erie County Probation Department.
Adamczyk was released on September 22nd.
Three years later, while Adamczyk was Erie County Executive
candidate Dennis Gorski's campaign manager, an anonymous fax was
sent to media outlets on September 7, 1995.
It read in part:
"DEAR VOTER,
... ONE CONCRETE FACT WE ALL MUST KNOW IS THAT
GORSKI'S CAMPAIGN MANAGER, LARRY ADAMCZYK[,] IS INFECTED WITH AIDS
AND IS HIV+.
ALL VOTERS SHOULD KNOW THE PEOPLE AROUND GORSKI ARE
NOT NORMAL PEOPLE...
(ADAMCZYK['S] LAST ARREST AND CELLBLOCK SHEET
ARE ATTACHED FOR PROOF)."
When Adamczyk first filed suit, the City did not challenge
Adamczyk's allegation that the prisoner control sheet had been sent
to various media outlets.
Much later, the City sought to amend its
answer to assert a statute of limitations defense.
While acknowledging "sympathy" for Adamczyk and the "shocking and
reprehensible manner" in which his HIV status was disclosed, Judge
Elfvin sought to "insulate" the Court and rule based solely on the
evidence in the record.
Adamczyk contended that he would be "unduly prejudiced" by the City
amending their response.
Specifically, he argued that if discovery
were re-opened he would have to determine "precisely when the
[Prisoner Control Sheet] was removed from the official files in
which it resided."
In granting the City's motion to amend, the
Court found that Adamczyk knew in September 1992 that the prisoner
control sheet had been created and shared with other governmental
agencies and it was his obligation to pursue discovery at that
time.
Joseph F. DeMarco, a Probation Supervisor had called
Adamczyk at the time to let him know of the document noting his HIV
status and that he destroying "all copies" in his office, but
that
it would be shared with other agencies.
Adamczyk did not dispute
this in his deposition.
Lacking proof that the Police released the prison control sheet to
the media, the Court ruled that there was "insufficient evidence"
for a jury to find the Police or any of the other agency named
responsible for releasing the form.
The Court dismissed Adamczyk's conspiracy claim as lacking proof.
Specifically, Adamczyk did not show a key factor that he was a
member of a class-based group entitled to protection.
Of note, the
Court did not find that the "alleged conspiracy was motivated by
class-based discriminatory animus."
The Court did not find the
conduct of the unnamed defendants in 1992 to have been
intentionally done to inflict emotional distress.
Taking note of Adamczyk's failure to file a Notice of Claims before
he filed his state claims, the Court dismissed most of Adamczyk's
PPPL and Article 27-F claims. _Daniel R Schaffer_
Missouri Appeals Court Rejects Challenge to Conviction for Creating
a Risk of HIV Infection
The Missouri Court of Appeals affirmed a criminal conviction under
a state statute which penalizes the creation of a risk of HIV
infection.
_State v. Bowens_, 1998 WL 85711 (March 3).
A jury convicted Herbert Bowens of rape, kidnapping, and creating
a grave and unjustifiable risk of HIV infection.
On appeal, he
argued that the statute criminalizing the risk of HIV infection was
unconstitutionally overbroad, that the prosecution had failed to
meet its burden of proof to show that he had created such a risk,
and that the trial court had incorrectly excluded evidence of the
victim's HIV-negative status.
(Defendant also raised two other
grounds for his appeal, unrelated to the HIV risk statute.)
The Court of Appeals rejected Bowens' argument that the statute
made no exception for knowing and consenting partners, which might
violate conduct protected by _Griswold v. Connecticut_, 318 U.S.
479 (1965), because the defendant had failed to adequately raise
the argument at trial, thereby waiving it as an issue on appeal.
The Court of Appeals also rejected Bowens' second argument, that
the evidence was insufficient to show that he had created a "grave
and unjustifiable risk" of HIV infection.
The jury could have
found a risk, the court reasoned, based on the common knowledge
that sexual intercourse can transmit HIV, and could have found that
the risk was unjustifiable by virtue of the fact that the defendant
raped the victim.
In addition, because the assault injured the
victim, the jury's finding that the risk was grave was supported.
Finally, it was not error for the trial court to exclude evidence
of the victim's HIV status.
The Court of Appeals suggested that
the defendant may have had an argument that such evidence was
relevant because it went to whether the victim had misidentified
him as the perpetrator of the crime, but that he failed to properly
preserve the issue at trial.
_Dirk Williams_
N.Y. Appellate Division Finds Proof of Exposure Necessary in AIDS
Phobia Suit
Reversing the trial judge, a panel of the New York Appellate
Division, First Department, ruled Feb. 26 that an AIDS phobia
plaintiff must allege actual exposure to HIV in order to maintain
an action for emotional distress based on "AIDS phobia."
_Bishop
v. Mt. Sinai Medical Center_, 1998 WL 106038.
Plaintiff Phyllis Bishop alleges that as she was exiting the
hospital on May 31, 1991, she was "struck by a plastic dumpster
which careened off a loading dock" and suffered a cut from an
unidentified sharp object, resulting in bleeding.
She went to the
emergency room, where she was offered HIV testing and urged to take
prophylactic doses of AZT in she had been exposed to HIV.
She
refused the medication or any testing, but subsequently took an HIV
test from her physician more than a year later, which was negative.
The hospital moved for summary judgment, noting prior New York
cases holding that a claim for AIDS phobia is unreasonable unless
it is based on actual exposure to HIV.
The hospital also offered
a sworn statement from the director of its Infectious Disease
Clinic, asserting that the hospital's infectious control procedures
made it unlikely that HIV-infected sharps would be implicated in
this accident.
Also, the hospital asserted that the dumpster came
from the kitchen area, and would not have contained anything that
could have been HIV-contaminated.
The trial court refused to grant summary judgment, opining that
because the sharp object that cut the plaintiff had never been
recovered and tested, the possibility of actual exposure could not
be ruled out as a matter of law.
Reversing, the Appellate Division, in a per curiam opinion, noted
that the burden is on the plaintiff to allege actual exposure in
such a case, especially where, as here, the hospital's
uncontradicted evidence showed that its normal procedures and the
provenance of the dumpster appeared to rule out actual exposure.
In this case, the court found plaintiff's "fear of contracting AIDS
was too remote and speculative to be compensable."
A.S.L.
7th Circuit Rejects Challenge to Trial Judge's Ruling on Expert
Witnesses in Multidistrict HIV Case
In _Matter of Rhone-Poulenc Rorer Pharmaceuticals, Inc._, 1998 WL
105490 (March 11), the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit
rejected an attempt by the defendants to overturn an order by
District Judge John F. Grady in the pending multidistrict
litigation over liability for HIV transmission via blood products
limiting the number of defense expert witnesses on common issues to
24.
The defendants had proposed a list of 137 expert witnesses,
arguing that there were enough individual plaintiff cases to
justify designating the large pool of experts.
Of course, the
plaintiffs would be put to the expense of deposing all these
experts, and the time consumed would drastically delay getting to
trial.
Judge Grady had decided that the defendants realistically
need have no more than 24 experts in reserve on common issues in
the cases.
Writing for the Court of Appeals, Chief Judge Richard
Posner found that this kind of order by a trial judge could not be
overturned by writ of mandamus except for egregious abuses of
discretion, and he rejected the contention that this order fell in
such a category.
A.S.L.
NY Court Gives Green Light To Suit For Fraud/Wrongful Adoption of
HIV+ Child
In an action for fraud and/or wrongful adoption, Justice Cusick of
the N.Y. Supreme Court, Richmond County, granted plaintiffs' motion
to unseal the adoption records of infant plaintiff Justin LiGrecci,
who is HIV+, and denied defendants cross-motions to dismiss and for
summary judgement.
_Moreau v. Roman Catholic Diocese of the City
of New York_, NYLJ, 3/12/98, p.33, col.2.
Plaintiffs allege that
the defendant adoption agency possessed information pertaining to
Justin's medical history and the circumstances surrounding his
birth which placed him in a high risk category for contracting HIV.
Justin was adopted on 1984 and was diagnosed with HIV in 1994.
Thereafter, plaintiffs learned that the natural mother was a drug
addict who may have engaged in prostitution, and that Justin was
born addicted to drugs and consequently suffered from various
medical conditions.
The death of the birth parents was not
disputed.
Plaintiffs claim that the medical records of the birth
mother and the postpartum records of Justin are necessary for the
prosecution of the action and for the medical treatment of the
child.
Defendants, the Archdiocese of New York and the New York Foundling
Hospital, opposed plaintiffs' motion, contending the infant
plaintiff was already aware that he has HIV and that plaintiffs
have not established medical need for the records via a physician's
affidavit.
Defendants further cross-moved for dismissal for
failure to state a cause of action or in the alternative for
summary judgement, arguing that fraud has a 6 year statute of
limitations and that it began to run on or before the date of
adoption ten years ago.
Defendants also claim that the action is
time-barred under state civil practice rules because the action was
not brought within 2 years when the infant plaintiff was diagnosed
with HIV.
Justice Cusick found that plaintiffs' motion sufficiently
established good cause to have the records reviewed in-camera,
citing the child's entitlement to them and the possible relevant
information they hold regarding the issues raised in the action.
On the jurisdictional issues for the fraud/wrongful adoption
action, the court found that there was a question of fact whether
the action is time barred, specifically as to when the plaintiffs
discovered or should have discovered the alleged fraud, not
necessarily the date of adoption or date of diagnosis.
The court
dismissed on relevancy grounds defendants' argument that no HIV
test existed in 1984, thereby freeing them of liability for not
discovering Justin's sero-positive status or for concealing it from
him.
Under the same reasoning, the court found no prima facie
showing by defendants that they are entitled to summary judgment as
a matter of law.
_K. Jacob Ruppert_
Federal Court Denies Habeas Petition from Convicted HIV+ Murderer
In _Tokar v. Bowersox_, 1998 WL 125656 (E.D.Mo., March 19), U.S.
District Judge Perry denied a petition for writ of habeas corpus by
Jeffrey Tokar, who was convicted of murder in a jury trial and
sentenced to death.
Among the numerous grounds Tokar cited in his
petition was that the trial court erred by allowing a fellow
petitioner to testify about a statement Tokar had made in jail
concerning his HIV status.
During the penalty phase of Tokar's trial, the state called
Benjamin Richardson, who had been a fellow prisoner of Tokar when
he had been incarcerated for another crime prior to the commission
of the murder in this case.
Richardson testified that he had a
conversation with Tokar in which Tokar speculated that he was being
released early due either to an error or his medical condition.
Richardson testified that Tokar told him that "he tested positive
for HIV and he had nothing to lose; all he had to live was two
years anyway, so there was not a damned thing you call could do to
him."
Tokar's attorney had objected in advance to Richardson's
testimony, but was overruled by the trial court.
In his petition,
Tokar claimed that the admission of this evidence was likely to
have prejudiced the jury against him.
In rejecting this argument, Judge Perry wrote: "There is no
specific constitutional right prohibiting disclosure a person's HIV
status at trial." Perry concluded that admission of this testimony
was not "so egregiously onerous that it denied petitioner a
fundamentally fair trial."
Perry focused on the rather slight
credibility that Richardson would have had as a witness,
speculating that the "jury may have disbelieved him entirely" and
that there were so many aggravating factors in this case that the
jury would likely have reached its decision in the penalty phase
even if it disbelieved this testimony.
A.S.L.
Hospital Settles AIDS Discrimination Case
The _Washington Post_ reported March 11 that George Washington
University Hospital settled a suit brought by the U.S. Justice
Department under the ADA on behalf of Ron Flowers, an HIV+ D.C.
resident, who claimed he was denied service at the hospital solely
due to his HIV status.
Without admitting Flowers' allegations, the
hospital settled the case with a payment of $125,000 to cover his
compensatory damages and attorneys fees and signed an agreement
with the Justice Department not to deny services to persons based
on their HIV status.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
A study published in the _New England Journal of Medicine_ late in
March confirmed that the addition of protease inhibitors to the
available treatments for AIDS has sharply accelerated the decline
in mortality from HIV-infection that had already been observed from
the period immediately prior to the widespread use of these drugs
in 1996.
_Wall Street Journal_, March 26.
According to one of the
co-authors of the report, Dr. frank J. Pallella of Northwestern
University Medical School, the drop in mortality is "phenomenal."
Among the 1255 AIDS patients in the study, the mortality rate from
AIDS dropped about 75% from January 1994 to January 1997, and the
drop was "especially notable starting in early 1996, when many
people infected with HIV. . . first began taking a combination of
three of more medicines, including the new protease drugs. . .
AIDS-related deaths plummeted almost 50% between the first and
second quarters of 1996, and the death rate was halved again by the
second quarter of 1997," according to the study.
The results of
this study reinforce the critical importance, in terms of legal
policy, of securing protection against discrimination for HIV+
people who are not suffering severe AIDS symptoms, as to which the
Supreme Court's decision later this year in _Bragdon v Abbott_, see
below, will be crucial.
The crucial importance of _Bragdon_ is also emphasized by the new
push by federal authorities to encourage more widespread HIV
testing.
On March 26, the _New York Times_ reported the CDC's
estimate that 250,000 U.S. residents are unaware that they are
HIV+, and that more than 700,000 people who get HIV tests do not
return to the testing center or call to find out their results.
The _Times_ article noted that a new generation of HIV-antibody
tests is now available that can produce a result in ten minutes
after blood is drawn, obviating the need for people to wait a week
or more for results and then get back to the testing center, but
that so far few doctors or test centers have adopted these new
tests.
Of course, if more people know their HIV-status (and
records of such status are more widespread), the need for
protection from discrimination for those who are asymptomatic HIV+
is even greater.
Expressing increasing impatience with the failure of the Clinton
Administration to come to grips with the issue of federal funding
for IV-needle exchange programs, the Presidential Advisory Council
on HIV/AIDS voted to express "no confidence" in the
administration's commitment towards AIDS prevention.
Under
existing legislation, the administration could approve such funding
from existing appropriations by finding that research has
documented the usefulness of this method to combat further spread
of HIV.
However, despite mounting evidence in support of this
conclusion, the administration -- in the person of Secretary of
Health & Human Services Donna Shalala -- has insisted on further
study before making a decision.
_Washington Post_, March 17.
A.S.L.
AIDS Litigation Notes
As we went to press, the Supreme Court was scheduled to hear oral
argument March 30 in _Bragdon v. Abbott_, No. 97-156, appeal from
107 F.3d 934 (1st Cir.), in which the lower court held that a
dentist violated the Americans With Disabilities Act by refusing to
perform routine dental services for an HIV+ woman in his office.
The Court granted certiorari on three questions: Whether
"reproduction" is a "major life activity" under the ADA; Whether
asymptomatic HIV+ people are "per se disabled" under the ADA; and
whether the opinion of a private health care provider, based on his
"professional judgment," that he should not render care to an HIV+
person in his office merits deference by the federal courts under
the ADA.
The _Los Angeles Times_ reported March 11 that a married HIV+
soldier was sentenced by a military court to 15 years in prison for
having unprotected sex with seven women without disclosing his
serostatus.
Army Spc. Raymond Humphries pleaded guilty to 7 counts
of aggravated assault, 8 counts of adultery, 4 counts of sodomy,
and one count of willfully disobeying an order to use a condom and
disclose his HIV status to sexual partners.
Humphries was
immediately transferred to Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas, to begin
serving his sentence. A.S.L.
International AIDS Note
On Feb. 13, Philippine President Fidel V. Ramos signed into law "An
Act Promulgating Policies and Prescribing Measures for the
Prevention and Control of HIV/AIDS in the Philippines."
The
legislation ranges widely over issues of education, safe practices
and procedures, testing, screening and confidentiality, health
support services, discrimination, and so forth.
It is described in
an internet posting by the United Nations' Country Programme
Advisor, Geoff Manthey, as "well balanced" and as having been
"developed through extensive discussions with the affected and
infected communities," and is supported by the country's
association of person with AIDS. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bennett-Alexander, Dawn D., _Title VII Liability vs. Employee
Confidentiality: Should an Employer be Liable for Failure to Act on
a Sexual Harassment Claim When the Failure is Based on Harassee's
Request for Confidentiality?_, 49 Labor L. J. 825 (February 1998).
Boyle, James, _Foucault in Cyberspace: Surveillance, Sovereignty,
and Hardwired Censors_, 66 U. Cin. L. Rev. 177 (Fall 1997).
Brown, Erika Maria, and Stephanie Greene, _From Private Clubs to
Parades: How Accommodating Are State Laws?_, 42 N.Y.L.S. L. Rev.
125 (1998).
Bybee, Jay S., _The Equal Process Clause: A Note on the
(Non)Relationship Between_ Romer v. Evans_ and _Hunter v. Erickson,
6 Wm. & Mary Bill of Rts. J. 201 (Winter 1997)(part of _Romer v.
Evans_ symposium).
Chambers, David L., _Polygamy and Same-Sex Marriage_, 26 Hofstra L.
Rev. 53 (Fall 1997).
Chang, Robert S., and Jerome McCristal Culp, Jr., _Nothing and
Everything: Race, _Romer_, and (Gay/Lesbian/Bisexual) Rights, 6 Wm.
& Mary Bill of Rts. J. 229 (Winter 1997)(part of _Romer v. Evans_
symposium).
Croome, Rodney, _Gay Law Reform: A Celebration Address_, 16 Univ.
Tasmania L. Rev. 9 (1997) (part of symposium on homosexual law
reform in Australia).
Duncan, Richard F., _The Narrow and Shallow Bite of_ Romer_ and the
Eminent Rationality of Dual-Gender Marriage: A (Partial) Response
to Professor Koppelman_, 6 Wm. & Mary Bill of Rts. J. 147 (Winter
1997)(part of _Romer v. Evans_ symposium).
Feather, Nancy J., _Defense of Marriage Acts: An Analysis Under
State Constitutional Law_, 70 Temple L. Rev. 1017 (Fall 1997).
Flagg, Barbara J., _"Animus" and Moral Disapproval: A Comment on_
Romer v. Evans, 82 Minn. L. Rev. 833 (February 1998).
Kirby, Michael, _Seven Lessons of Hobart_, 16 Univ. Tasmania L.
Rev. 1 (1997) (part of symposium on homosexual law reform in
Australia).
Koppelman, Andrew, Romer v. Evans_ and Invidious Intent_, 6 Wm. &
Mary Bill of Rts. J. 89 (Winter 1997)(part of _Romer v. Evans_
symposium).
Linton, Paul Benjamin, _State Equal Rights Amendments: Making a
Difference or Making a Statement?_, 70 Temple L. Rev. 907 (Fall
1997).
Nagel, Robert F., _Playing Defense_, 6 Wm. & Mary Bill of Rts. J.
167 (Winter 1997)(part of _Romer v. Evans_ symposium).
Oliveri, Claudia, _Congress Wrestles with the Internet:_ ACLU v.
Reno_ and the Communications Decency Act_, 6 Media L. & Policy (NY
Law School) 12 (Fall 1997).
Purvis, Alexandra, and Joseph Castellino, _A History of Homosexual
Law Reform in Tasmania_, 16 Univ. Tasmania L. Rev. 12 (1997) (part
of symposium on homosexual law reform in Australia).
Russ, John A., IV, _Shall We Dance? Gay Equality and Religious
Exemptions at Private California High School Proms_, 42 N.Y.L.S. L.
Rev. 71 (1998).
Slovic, Paul, _Trust, Emotion, Sex, Politics, and Science:
Surveying the Risk Assessment Battlefield_, 1997 U. Chi. Legal
Forum 59.
Strasser, Mark, _Statutory Construction, Equal Protection, and the
Amendment Process: On_ Romer, Hunter_, and Efforts to Tame_ Baehr,
45 Buffalo L. Rev. 739 (Fall 1997).
Strong, S.I., Romer v. Evans_ and the Permissibility of Morality
Legislation_, 39 Arizona L. Rev. 1259 (1997).
Underwood, James L., _The Supreme Court's Assisted Suicide Opinions
in International Perspective: Avoiding a Bureaucracy of Death_, 73
N. Dak. L. Rev. 641 (1997).
Valdes, Francisco, _Acts of Power, Crimes of Knowledge: Some
Observations on Desire, Law and Ideology in the Politics of
Expression at the End of the Twentieth Century_, 1 J. Gender, Race
& Justice 213 (Fall 1997).
Waldo, Craig R., Jennifer L. Berdahl, and Louise F. Fitzgerald,
_Are Men Sexually Harassed? If So, By Whom?_, 22 L. & Human
Behavior 59 (February 1998).
Wiener, Richard L., and Linda E. Hurt, _Social Sexual Conduct at
Work: How Do Workers Know When it is Harassment and When it is
Not?_, 34 Cal. Western L. Rev. 53 (Fall 1997).
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Appleman, Bradley A., _Hate Speech: A Comparison of the Approaches
Taken by the United States and Germany_, 14 Wis. Int'l L.J. 422
(Spring 1996).
Beahn, John M., Reno v. ACLU_: The Communications Decency Act Hits
a Red Light on the Information Superhighway_, 47 Catholic U. L.
Rev. 333 (Fall 1997).
Clark, Kaija, _School Liability and Compensation for Title IX
Sexual Harassment Violations by Teachers and Peers_, 66 Geo. Wash.
L. Rev. 353 (January 1998).
Glynn, Katherine C., _Turning to State Legislatures to Legalize
Physician-Assisted Suicide for Seriously Ill, Non-Terminal Patients
After_ Vacco v. Quill_ and _Washington v. Glucksberg, 6 J. L. &
Policy 329 (1997).
Greene, Hillary, _Undead Laws: The Use of Historically Unenforced
Criminal Statutes in Non-Criminal Litigation_, 16 Yale L. & Pol.
Rev. 169 (1997) (argues that laws which are not generally enforced,
such as sodomy laws against consenting adults in private, should
not be used in secondary contexts, such as child custody disputes,
to disadvantage the parties who are presumed to violate such laws,
such as gay men and lesbians).
Hall, Shelley M., _Quixotic Attempt? The Ninth Circuit, the BIA,
and the Search for a Human Rights Framework to Asylum Law_, 73
Wash. L. Rev. 105 (January 1998).
Hughes, Heather Lauren, _Same-Sex Marriage and Simulacra: Exploring
Conceptions of Equality_, 33 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev.
237 (Winter 1998).
Johnson, Voris E., _Making Words on a Page Become Everyday Life: A
Strategy to Help Gay Men and Lesbians Achieve Full Equality Under
South Africa's Constitution_, 11 Emory Int'l L. Rev. 583 (Fall
1997).
Kaplan, Rebecca Dawn, _Cyber-Smut: Regulating Obscenity on the
Internet_, 9 Stanford L. & Pol. Rev. 189 (Winter 1998).
Keefer, Timothy Joseph, _DOMA as a Defensible Exercise of
Congressional Power Under the Full-Faith-and-Credit Clause_, 54
Wash. & Lee L. Rev. 1635 (Fall 1997).
Lu, Julie S., Rowinsky v. Bryan Independent School District_: Does
Title IX Impose Liability on Schools for Student-to-Student Sexual
Harassment?_, 42 Villanova L. Rev. 969 (1997).
Recent Cases, _Constitutional Law -- First Amendment and Equal
Protection -- Ninth Circuit Upholds "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" Policy
for Gays and Lesbians in the Military. --_ Holmes v. California
Army National Guard_, 124 F.3d 1126 (9th Cir. 1997)_, 111 Harv. L.
Rev. 1371 (March 1998).
Schaen, Richard, _Challenging "Don't Ask, Don't Tell": The Future
of Military Recruitment on Public Law School Campuses_, 65 U. Cin.
L. Rev. 1359 (Summer 1997).
Taylor, Corey, _Same-Sex Sexual Harassment in the Workplace Under
Title VII: The Legal Dilemma and the Tenth Circuit Solution_, 46 U.
Kan. L. Rev. 305 (January 1998).
Willett, Germaine Winnick, _Equality Under the Law or Annihilation
of Marriage and Morals? The Same-Sex Marriage Debate_, 73 Indiana
L.J. 355 (Winter 1997).
_Specially Noted:_
A new law school casebook, _Employee Benefits Law_, by Maria
O'Brien Hylton and Lorraine A. Schmall (West, 1998), devotes a
substantial portion of its last chapter, titled "New Frontiers," to
a detailed discussion of domestic partnership benefits.
Unfortunately, it is the very last section of the very last chapter
of the book.
How many courses will get that far?
Vol. 13, Pt. 4 of the _New York Law School Journal of Human Rights_
(1997) reprints the fact pattern, bench brief, and best brief
prize-winners from the 1997 New York Law School Froessel Moot Court
Competition.
The subject matter of the competition was same-sex
marriage and physician-assisted suicide.
U.S. Supreme Court
Justice Antonin Scalia presided at the final arguments.
_Symposia:_
Symposium: Romer v. Evans, 6 William & Mary Bill of Rts. J. No. 1
(Winter 1997) (individual articles noted above). * * * Mini-
Symposium on _Homosexual Law Reform_, 16 Univ. of Tasmania L. Rev.
No. 1 (1997). * * * Mini-Symposium on _Physician-Assisted Suicide:
Rights and Risks to Vulnerable Communities_, 25 Fordham Urb. L. J.
(1997-98).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Chavkin, Wendy, Deborah Elman, and Paul H. Wise, _Mandatory Testing
of Pregnant Women and Newborns: HIV, Drug Use, and Welfare Policy_,
25 Fordham Urban L.J. 749 (1997-98)(symposium on HIV testing of
women and newborns).
Cooper, Elizabeth B., _Introduction_, 25 Fordham Urban L.J. 719
(1997-98) (Introduction to symposium on HIV testing of women and
newborns).
Crawford, Colin, _Changing Positions and Entrenched Polemics: A
Brief History of the Association to Benefit Children's Views on
Pediatric HIV Testing, Counseling, and Care_, 25 Fordham Urban L.J.
729 (1997-98)(symposium on HIV testing of women and newborns).
Flannery, Michael T., and Raymond C. O'Brien, _Mandatory HIV
Testing of Professional Boxers: An Unconstitutional Effort to
Regulate a Sport That Needs to Be Regulated_, 31 U.C. Davis L. Rev.
409 (Winter 1998).
Mayersohn, Assemblywoman Nettie, _The "Baby AIDS" Bill, 25 Fordham
Urban L.J. 721 (1997-98)(symposium on HIV testing of women and
newborns).
Post, Linda Farber, _Bioethical Consideration of Maternal-Fetal
Issues_, 25 Fordham Urban L.J. 757 (1997-98)(symposium on HIV
testing of women and newborns).
Schroedel, Jean Reith, and Daniel R. Jordan, _Senate Voting and
Social Construction of Target Populations: A Study of AIDS Policy
Making, 1987-1992_, 23 J. Health Politics, Policy & L. 107
(February 1998).
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Decker, Amy M., _Criminalizing the Intentional or Reckless Exposure
to HIV: A Wake-Up Call to Kansas_, 46 U. Kan. L. Rev. 333 (January
1998).
Deeley, Elizabeth L., _Viatical Settlements Are Not Securities: Is
It Law or Sympathy?_, 66 Geo. Wash. L. Rev. 382 (January 1998).
Heinemann, Richard A., _Pushing the Limits of Informed Consent:_
Johnson v. Kokemoor_ and Physician-Specific Disclosure_, 1997 Wis.
L. Rev. 1079.
Rosse, Daria, Doe v. Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation
Authority _(SEPTA): The Politics of Disclosure_, 6 J. Pharmacy & L.
133 (1997).
Sinton, Jennifer, _Rights Discourse and Mandatory HIV Testing of
Pregnant Women and Newborns_, 6 J. L. & Policy 187 (1997).
_Symposia:_
_Mandatory Testing of Pregnant Women and Newborns: HIV, Drug Use,
and Welfare Policy_, 25 Fordham Urban L.J. 719-776 (1997-98)(mini-
symposium, separate articles noted above).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL
Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are
attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues
covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is welcome and will be published
subject to editing.
Please address correspondence to the Editor or
send via e-mail.