http://www.cameronlaw.com/about/privacy.php
GoBible.orgSM
GoBible » Privacy Information
Privacy Information
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email.
This privacy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by GoBible.org
and how it is used.
Log Files Like many other Web sites, GoBible.org makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
E-mailThe GoBible.org Bible Study of the Week e-mail list is handled by Google Feedburner.
All e-mail addresses are added through the list through a double opt-in policy that requires subscribers to confirm their subscriptions via an e-mail verification.
GoBible.org will not share your e-mail address with any third parties except for those directly involved in distributing the Bible Study e-mail messages.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on GoBible.org.
.:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to GoBible.org and other sites on the Internet.
.:: You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our other advertising partners may use similar cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include .......
Google AdsenseAmazon
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use this technology to serve the advertisements and links that appear on GoBible.org. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
GoBible.org has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. GoBible.org's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your browser settings. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found in your browser's documentation.
To receive the Bible Study of the Week by e-mail, please enter your e-mail address:
Subscribe in a reader
» ABOUT GOBIBLE.ORG
» BIBLE STUDY ARCHIVE
» CONTACT US
» SERMONS
» TRANSLATIONS
Arabic
Chinese Traditional
Chinese Simplified
Portuguï¿½s
Espaï¿½ol
Bahasa Indonesia
Deutsch
Franï¿½ï¿½ais
Hindi
Kannada
Kiswahili
limba rom?na
magyar nyelv
jeziku naroda BiH
russkiy yazyk
Hilgaynon
isiZulu
Attention Translators!
Would you like to help us share the Bible Study of the Week with others? At present, the Bible Study of the Week can be read in ten languages: Bosnian, English, French, German, Hungarian, Indonesian, Romanian, Russian, and Spanish. We welcome serious volunteers who are willing to spend the time each week to translate the lessons from English into another language. We are particularly interested in having the lesson translated into Portuguese.
Please contact us if you would like to volunteer to translate.
Materials copyright 2020, Bruce N. Cameron, J.D.Privacy Policy