https://www.thklaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Updated March 2020
Tuesley Hall Konopa, LLP values your privacy and wants you to understand how we use your information. This website Privacy Policy applies to your use of our website and describes how we collect, use and share your information when you visit our site at https://www.thklaw.com/. By using our website you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and confirm you understand how and why we use your information. Contact us if you have questions.
Contact Information Tuesley Hall Konopa, LLP 212 E. LaSalle Ave., Suite 100 South Bend, IN 46617 Email: marketing@thklaw.com Phone: 574.232.3538
Information we collect for website analytics
Our website uses cookies for analytics. A cookie is a small data file on your computer that allows Tuesley Hall Konopa, LLP to recognize you as a user when you visit and return to our website. We automatically receive information such as time, day, geographical place, and the URL of the site and search engine from which you visit originates. We also receive the internet protocol (IP) address of your computer, which browser you are using, the name of your internet service provider (ISP), and the type of device you used to visit our website. This information is used only to analyze overall trends to help us improve our website and is not linked to personally identifiable information in any way. Cookies do not allow us to store or obtain any personal information about you, and they expire.
Information we collect for marketing communications
When you sign up for or subscribe to our marketing communications through our website, we collect your name and email address. We use your information to send you updates that may be relevant to you regarding legal and regulatory developments, firm-related events, activities, and news. We use a third-party vendor for sending you these communications, therefore it is necessary for us to share your name and email address with them.
We will use this third-party vendor to periodically send emails asking you to update your subscription preferences. If you do not want to receive communications from us in the future, you can let us know by sending an email request to marketing@thklaw.com, by following the unsubscribe instruction found in any email we send, or by calling the phone number above.
Email communication through this website
By communicating with us through email addresses on this website, you are voluntarily providing us with your email address and personal contact information. Tuesley Hall Konopa, LLP assumes you recognize that email is not considered a completely secure medium for communication. You should, therefore, never send private or confidential information through email addresses found on this website until you have spoken with one of our attorneys. We cannot consider the information you send us as confidential until an attorney-client relationship has been established. At this point, your personal information may be shared with other firm personnel and third-party vendors in the course of resolving your legal matter.
Your information and website security
Tuesley Hall Konopa, LLP takes all reasonable technical measures to secure and protect the privacy and accuracy of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and destruction. However, we cannot guarantee that these measures are 100% effective or that your personal information will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, or disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any personal information you provide is at your own risk. In the event of a data breach, we will notify you as soon as we become aware of the breach.
Resource websites
The Tuesley Hall Konopa website provides resource links from our website to sites that offer additional educational information that helps our clients make better-informed decisions. These websites may be able to collect information, including personal data about your online activity. We have no control over what information they may be collecting or how they will use your personal information.
Referral websites
Referral websites are sites that link to Tuesley Hall Konopa’s website. These websites include but are not limited to professional legal directories, legal organizations, professional networking sites, local community sites, and social media websites. Again, these websites may be able to collect information, including personal data about your online activity. We have no control over what information they may be collecting or how they will use your personal information.
Changes to our Privacy Policy Tuesley Hall Konopa, LLP may modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do those changes will be posted on this page and the modified terms will become effective immediately.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. I acceptNo thanksPrivacy policy