https://www.communitygiving.org/privacy-policy
Introducing the CommunityFoundation IdeaCenter…Empowering community foundations by learning and sharing from each other.
DIGITAL PRIVACY POLICYThis page serves to notify you of CommunityGiving’s collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of user information when you use this www.communitygiving.org (“site”) and applies to the site and all products, services and offerings from CommunityGiving (“we”, “us”, “our”). Using the site means that you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. CommunityGiving is located at 101 South 7th Avenue, St. Cloud MN 56301. For questions and concerns, contact CommunityGiving at 320-253-4380. See also CommunityGiving’s Privacy of Personal Information Policy (available upon request).Information Collection And UseWhen you use the site, we might ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, personal data, and personal information (personal information) that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, first and last name, phone number, mailing address, and other information.We may also collect other information about you when you interact with our site, which may include, but is not limited to, your browser name, your operating system, your Internet service provider address, pages you visited on our site, time and date you visited our site and other similar information.We may also use third-party services such as Google Analytics and Tag Manager that collect, monitor and analyze this other information. Third-party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use the information. Third parties (including, but not limited to, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Twitter, Pinterest, and Instagram) may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our site and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.AccessWe will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other user data to others, and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties, except as follows:to agents, website vendors and/or contractors who may use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with us;if we are unable to assist with your matter, but know an unaffiliated attorney or firm that may be able to help you, we may refer you and share information you provided us with that party; andas required by law, in a matter of public safety or policy, as needed in connection with the transfer of our assets (for example, if we are acquired or merge with another organization), or if we believe in good faith that sharing the data is necessary to protect our rights or property.Browser CookiesOur site may use cookies to enhance your experience. Your web browser places cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping and to track information about you. You may choose to refuse cookies, or to receive alerts when cookies are being sent. If you choose to do so, some of the site may not function properly.RemarketingWe may use remarketing services to promote to you on third-party web sites after you visited or interacted with our site. We and our third-party vendors may use cookies to serve you and/or your contacts advertisements based on your past interactions with our site. These remarketing services may include, but are not limited to:GoogleYou may choose to opt out of and customize Google services by visiting their settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads. You may find information about Google’s Privacy Policy here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/Facebook and InstagramYou may choose to opt out of Facebook’s personalized ads here: https://www.facebook.com/about/ads/#568137493302217. Facebook’s Privacy Policy is found here: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. Instagram’s Privacy Policy is found here: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388TwitterYou may choose to opt out of Twitter’s personalized ads here: https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-andsecurity/ privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads. Twitter’s Privacy Policy is located here: https://twitter.com/en/privacyLinkedInYou may choose to opt out of LinkedIn’s personalized ads here: https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/62931/manage-advertising-preferences?lang=en. LinkedIn’s Privacy Policy is found here: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?trk=...PinterestYou may opt out of Pinterest’s personalized ads here: https://help.pinterest.com/en/articles/opt-outpicked- you-pins#Web. Pinterest’s privacy policy is here: https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy. You may also opt out from some companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/; the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/. You may also update settings on your mobile device to limit ad tracking.Third-Party ProvidersWe may work with third-parties to perform site-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our site is used. These third-parties will have access to your information only to perform specific work and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.CommunicationsWe may use personal information that you supplied to contact you with promotional materials, ads and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of these communications by following the unsubscribe link or contacting us to request help unsubscribing.Compliance With LawsWe will disclose your information when required by law or if we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security of our site.SecurityWe implement and maintain reasonable security practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store to protect it from unauthorized access or use. No method of transmission over the internet and no method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the information we collect from you.Governing LawsThe Laws of Minnesota, COPPA, and applicable Federal law, as well as applicable laws of other countries.ConsentYou consent to this Privacy Policy through your usage of the site.Links To Other SitesOur site contains links to other sites that are not owned or operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site and are then subject to that site’s privacy policy. We assume no responsibility for any third-party sites or services.Children’s PrivacyOur site does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we are aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our storage.ChangesThis Privacy Policy is effective as of July 19, 2018 and is ongoing. Any changes in policy provisions in the future will be in effect immediately after being posted on this site.We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and advise you to visit this Privacy Policy occasionally. Your continued use of the site after any revisions to the Privacy Policy will represent your acknowledgment of the revisions and your consent to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing an announcement on the site.Opting OutYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing address on our website at any time to:see what data we have about you, if any;change/correct any data we have about you;ask us to delete any data we have about you; and/oropt out of future communications from us.Contact UsIf you have any additional questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing address listed on this website. If our information practices change in a significant way, we will post the policy changes here.