https://www.ywca.org.nz/privacy-policy/
YWCA
Menu
YWCA
Menu
Location
Auckland
Hamilton
Whangarei
Christchurch
About Us
Get Involved
Our Stories
Workplace
Contact
Donate
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
All New Zealand branches of the YWCA (Aotearoa NZ, Auckland, Christchurch, Hamilton, and Whangarei) recognise the importance of protecting an individual's privacy. This is our current privacy policy for all personal information we may collect, hold, use and disclose.  By providing us with personal information, you consent to the collection, holding, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy or as otherwise agreed with you.
DONOR CONFIDENTIALITY
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will ensure that any personal information provided to us will be treated in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993 and not be used or disclosed other than as described in this privacy policy.
This privacy policy is based on the following guidelines:
Information about donations is handled with respect and confidentiality and in a manner that complies with the law of New Zealand.
Some donors prefer anonymity. We will respect the wishes of contributors who prefer their gift to remain confidential.
The personal information you provide when making an online donation or registering for an event will be protected by us.
What information we collect
We collect and use personal information from donors and volunteers including: addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, dates of birth and donation dates/amounts.
Specific requests made by donors/volunteers are recorded, for example, requests to remain anonymous or to be excluded from certain mailings and we comply with those requests to the extent we are permitted to by the law (some information may have to be disclosed for public safety reasons). We also specify the relationship with our organisation, such as volunteer, private individual, company etc.
We also collect information through this website through cookies.  Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on a user’s computer.  We use cookies to personalise your experience on the website, make it easier for you to navigate our site, and improve your experience by storing your search, posting and application history, and, if we develop log-in functionality, your login details.  Cookies can be disabled via your web browser; however doing so may limit your access to some of the website’s content and features.  We may use cookies to track non-personally identifiable information such as usage and volume statistics, for research purposes in order to further develop our Website.
How we collect the information
When donations, whether solicited or not, are made to a YWCA branch the details provided by the donors are recorded in the branch’s databases (unless the donor has specifically requested to not be added to a database).
Personal details of volunteers who contact a YWCA to offer their services may also be inputted into a database.
Households and businesses in the areas where roadshows/seminars are scheduled to take place receive invitation letters/posters from us. Attendees at the event are given the opportunity to complete evaluation forms, on which they can specify whether they would like their details added to our database and in what capacity.
We do not obtain information about individuals/organisations from other organisations unless those concerned have authorised such collection.
Storage and security of information held
Each YWCA holds personal information at their offices (see below) and/or on a secure cloud platform.
YWCA Aotearoa NZ and Auckland – 27 Gillies Ave, Newmarket, Auckland
YWCA Christchurch - 285 Hereford Street, Christchurch Central
YWCA Hamilton - 28 Pembroke Street, Hamilton
YWCA Whangarei – 21 Rust, Ave, Whangarei
Incoming donations and related paperwork are stored safely until processed.
After processing donations and banking any cash/cheques, the related paperwork is kept in archive boxes for seven years in a locked office/storage area.
Paperwork aged seven years old and over is securely destroyed.
All databases are password protected and we have a strict hierarchy of access rights in place.
YWCA Auckland collects or obtains personal information for the following purposes:
To distribute receipts for donations;
To send donor acknowledgement letters and thank donors for their donations;
To inform supporters about upcoming fundraising and other activities of the YWCA branch;
For internal analysis and record keeping;
For direct mailings;
For the ordinary operation of its business including: to identify an individual; to provide customers with programmes and services we offer they require including the administration and management of those programmes and services; for researching and developing our programmes and services including an understanding of a customer's communications needs for the purposes of enhancing or improving our programmes and services; informing customers of changes to our programmes and services; and to conduct appropriate checks regarding the provision of the programmes and services to a customer; and
For any other purpose indicated at the time of supply of the information to us.
Accordingly, each YWCA branch will only (and you authorise the specific YWCA branch to) use and disclose your personal information for these purposes or as otherwise authorised by you or required by law.
Donors have the option to have their name publicly associated with their donation. However, unless the donor explicitly chooses to have their name associated with their donation, the default is that all donations are not to be publicly announced. Comments given in donor forms may be used in promotional materials while comments sent to us via email, fax or telephone are kept strictly confidential.
Consequences of not providing requested personal information to a YWCA branch
Where a person does not provide all personal information which may be requested by us for the purposes outlined above, it may not be possible to carry out the activities outlined above in relation to that person.
Access and Correction of Information
Under the Privacy Act 1993 you have the right to access and request a correction to your personal information. To ensure that your recorded personal information is accurate and up-to-date, please notify us of any changes to your personal details as soon as possible through the following contact methods:
YWCA Aotearoa NZ and Auckland – (09) 522 8219or admin@akywca.org.nz
YWCA Christchurch – (03) 365 8720 or manager@chchywca.org.nz
YWCA Hamilton – (07) 838 2219 or admin@ywcahamilton.org.nz
YWCA Whangarei – (09) 438 2926 or whangarei@ywca.org.nz
Financial information
All access to donor financial information is strictly limited to professional staff responsible for processing and reporting on this data. For online payments, your YWCA branch only uses processing services with world class security and strong reputations. We do not have access to your credit card or account details sent to those processing services and the information is not stored electronically by us.
Donor Bill of Rights
To the extent that it applies to our activities, we subscribe to the Donor Bill of Rights The Donor Bill of Rights is endorsed by the Fundraising Institute of New Zealand (FINZ) and developed by: American Association of Fund Raising Counsel (AAFRC), Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE), Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP) which provides:
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To assure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the not-for-profit organisations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
To be informed of YWCA Auckland's mission, the way we intends to use donated resources, and its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
To be informed of the identity of those serving on our governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
To have access to our most recent financial statements.
To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
To receive appropriate acknowledgment and recognition.
To be assured that information about their donations is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing us will be professional in nature.
To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organisation or hired salespeople.
To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that we may intend to share.
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and the circumstances (if any) in which we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you of this and at least provide you with the option to opt out of our use of your information in this different manner.
r.