http://www.ocmc.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
OCMC Privacy Policy
OCMC Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: 6/1/2020
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.ocmc.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Registration
In order to use some features of this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our services.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to share opportunities and news with you, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g, donation processing or constituent support) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Notification of Changes
Whenever changes are made to our privacy policy, we will update this page with any revisions and the date of revision, as well as notify you by email (if you are on our email list).
Other Provisions as Required by Law
Numerous other provisions and/or practices may be required as a result of laws, international treaties, or industry practices. It is up to you to determine what additional practices must be followed and/or what additional disclosures are required. Please take special notice of the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA), which is frequently amended and now includes a disclosure requirement for “Do Not Track” signals.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 904-829-5132 or via email at missions@ocmc.org.