http://www.mja.com.au/sites/default/files/ampco_advertising_terms_and_conditions.pdf
AMPCo
About
About usAMPCo Management TeamAMA ManagementAMPCo BoardLife at AMPCoPrivacy PolicyCOVID-19 Response
AMPCo Data Services
AMPCo Data ServicesMasterLinkDoctor Verification ServiceMDA Online
Advertising
Advertising ServicesAdvertising Terms and Conditions
Publishing
Medical Journal of AustraliaInSight+
Get in touch
Terms and Conditions for Advertisers
Terms and Conditions for Advertisers
These Terms and Conditions for Advertisers set out the terms and conditions upon which Australasian Medical Publishing Company ABN 20 000 005 854 (AMPCo) accepts material for publication from advertisers for publication in AMPCo's print publications or websites owned or controlled by AMPCo (Publications). By submitting an order to AMPCo, you agree to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Advertisers.
These Additional Terms and Conditions for Advertisers operate in conjunction with the MJA Jobs – Terms and Conditions, the Access Terms and AMPCo's privacy policy.
Submission of material
You must provide electronic copies of all materials necessary to publish your advertisements in the format advised by AMPCo by the due date notified by us. Material can be emailed to advertising@mja.com.au or submitted on electronic media to:
AMPCo Pty Ltd
Town Hall House. Level 19,
456 Kent Street SYDNEY,
NSW 2000
If you provide your material on media (eg CDROM, DVDROM, USB etc), AMPCo will not return the media to you.
Rates
AMPCo's current prices are available upon request. AMPCo may change the rates at any time without prior notice to you.
If you wish to cancel your advertisement, AMPCo may charge you a cancellation fee up to 100 percent of the value of the advertising.
Invoicing
All payments must be in Australian dollars.
Credit card payments may be subject to a surcharge. The amount of the surcharge will be set out on the invoice or on AMPCo's website.
Generally, payment must be made at the time of placing an advertisement. If AMPCo agrees to payment on account, AMPCo will issue an invoice prior to the publication date. Invoices must be paid within 30 days. If invoices are not paid on time and in full, AMPCo may:
remove future advertisements from the Publications; and
recover the outstanding amount specified in the invoice together with interest, legal costs, bank fees and charges, any other expenses incurred in attempting to recover the debt (including any fees and commissions or other amounts paid to collection agency).
Refunds
AMPCo may, at its sole discretion, refuse to publish any advertisement.
AMPCo may also cancel or suspend publication in the event of any delay or non-performance due directly or indirectly to wars, terrorism, strikes, lockouts, delays or defaults of suppliers, acts of God, or any other cause beyond AMPCo's reasonable control.
If AMPCo does not publish an advertisement for any reason, AMPCo will only be liable to refund you the amount you paid for the publication of the advertisement. If AMPCo partially delivered the services (for example by publishing the advertisement twice rather than four times), AMPCo will only be liable to refund you the amount you paid for the services that were not delivered.
No refunds are payable, and we are entitled to invoice you in full, where we did not publish your content because you:
notified us after the booking date that you did not wish to proceed; or
failed to provide us with your content in an appropriate format by the due date notified to you.
Privacy
The information you provide is being collected by AMPCo for the purposes of publishing and processing your advertisement and keeping you informed of upcoming products, services and other related offers.
If you ask to pay on account (rather than on placement of your advertisement), AMPCo may use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of undertaking credit checks.
Responsibility for content of advertisements
When you provide advertisements or other material for inclusion in a Publication, you warrant that:
you own the intellectual property in that material or have the right to authorise AMPCo to use and publish that material;
you have obtained the consent of any individuals whose personal information appears in the advertisement;
the material does not breach any law, is not defamatory or obscene and does not infringe the rights of any other person or body;
the material does not contain any virus, disabling or malicious device or code, worm, Trojan, time bomb or other harmful or destructive code; and
you have the right to represent the individual, entity, product or service mentioned in the advertisement.
You indemnify AMPCo and its officers, employees and agents against all suits, claims and demands made against AMPCo and loss or damage suffered by AMPCo arising from the publication of your advertisement due to:
breach of this warranty;
any allegation that AMPCo has breached any intellectual property rights or moral rights of any third party; and
any other civil or criminal liability AMPCo may be exposed to.
Warranties
To the extent permitted by law, AMPCo gives no express or implied warranties.
While every care will be taken to ensure prompt and accurate insertion of an advertisement, AMPCo is not liable for any loss occasioned by the failure of an advertisement to appear in any specified issue or on any specified date.
The maximum liability of AMPCo for any damage to you (including, without limitation, for printer errors, casual displacements, omission, inability or failure to publish an advertisement in a Publication) is the amount paid by you.
Other
AMPCo may modify these Additional Terms and Conditions for Advertisers at any time by sending you a written notice. The variation will apply to all orders, including orders issued prior to the date of the notice.
If any part of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Advertisers is held invalid that part will be severed and the rest of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Advertisers will continue to be valid and enforceable.
Termination of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Advertisers will not end those provisions that are capable of surviving.
These Additional Terms and Conditions for Advertisers are governed by the laws of New South Wales and each party agrees to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales.
Copyright © 2020 · All Rights Reserved · AMPCo · Privacy policy · Access Terms