https://www.liveabout.com/help-im-tired-of-being-single-1021713
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
JGI/Tom Grill/Blend Images/Getty Images
Love and Romance
Relationships
Sexuality
Divorce
Teens
LGBTQ
Friendship
By
Stacey Laura Lloyd
University of Pennsylvania
Stacey Laura Lloyd is an author with a passion for helping others find happiness and success in their dating lives as well as in their relationships.
our editorial process
Twitter
Twitter
Stacey Laura Lloyd
Updated March 21, 2018
Are you sick and tired of being single? Does your current relationship status make you annoyed, upset and/or frustrated? If being single is single-handedly bringing you down, it’s important that you don’t despair. In fact, if you want to up your chances of meeting the right person right now, there are six steps that you can take immediately to help you find that special someone and kiss your single days goodbye.
Join a New Dating App
If you’re fed up with being single, it’s time to place the odds in your favor by putting yourself out there in new ways. And since dating apps can unlock a world of new and intriguing people who are also looking to meet someone, resolving to sign up for a different app is a fast and easy way to make yourself accessible to more potential dates. Besides, you’re already on your phone anyway, so you might as well use it to connect with a wider range of possible love interests. Remember, if you’re over being single and want to find a real relationship, it’s important that you find new paths to meet others who have this same goal in mind.
Ask to Be Fixed Up
If you want to be proactive in your dating life, you should take the initiative and let others know that you’re looking to meet someone. Whether it’s a work colleague, a family friend or even your yoga instructor, asking if he or she knows someone with whom to fix you up can have a myriad of benefits for your love life. First, these people may already have a person in mind who’d be perfect for you, or they might know someone who knows someone. Plus, you’ll likely come to mind the next time that he or she meets someone of interest. By being open and honest with others regarding your availability, you’re likely to receive their help updating your single status.
Put Yourself out There Even More
While there’s no shame in spending your weekends in your pajamas binge-watching “Shameless,” it’s time to literally and figuratively get out of your comfort zone if you want your single days to be a thing of the past. In fact, there’s no better time to shake up your usual routine by finding more opportunities to attend different events, classes and outings that can expand your mind as well as your social circle. Whether it’s a gallery opening, a cooking class or a poetry reading, when you put yourself out there in new and interesting ways, you’re upping your chances of meeting someone new of interest.
Take Advantage of Activities Designed for Singles
Along these same lines, you should utilize the gatherings, groups and get-togethers in your area that are designed specifically for singles. And even if attending a singles event, going speed dating or signing up for a softball league for singles sounds intimidating or awkward to you, this can actually be a great way to meet people who you already know are looking to meet others right off the bat.
Pursue your passions
If your goal is to meet someone new, it’s also important to remember that this person isn’t going to complete you. Rather, this person is going to compliment you and your life. And this means that even if your absolute top priority is to meet someone new, you should still make time to pursue your own interests, passions and pastimes that make you the special person you are. Remember, being single isn’t your identity, but neither is being in a relationship. So it’s never been more imperative to commit your time, energy and effort into enriching your own life with activities just for you. That way, you can be your best and happiest self when you meet someone new.
Change Your Attitude
If you’re sick of being single, it’s time to rid your mind of negative and pessimistic thoughts about your state of singlehood. You’re not destined to be single forever, so get this out of your head once and for all! While finding the right person can take time and energy, having a positive attitude is an important part of the process. If you keep telling yourself that you’re never going to meet someone, then you’re paving the way for this type of outcome to manifest itself. Instead, remind yourself that it’s going to happen for you, as being single is simply part of the journey toward finding your happy ending with the right person.
Key Dating Advice for Women
Why Dating Apps and Sites Aren't Working for You
How to Speed Date
5 Tips for Staying Safe on Dating Apps
How to Boost Your Confidence
Top 16 Songs About Being Single
How to Have Fun and Impress at a Singles Event
Ready to Start Dating Again?
6 New Year’s Resolutions for Singles
How to Be Single After a Long Relationship
How to Cope With Loneliness During the Holidays
Dating Tips for Gay Teens
Places to Meet Other Singles In Your Community
8 Signs You're in a Dead End Relationship
Tips to Find Someone New When You Are a Divorced Dad
When to Start Dating After a Divorce