https://www.personaldevcenter.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to secondary menu Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHOME
ABOUT US
BOOKS
ARTICLES
Philosophy
Physiology
Health
Translations
Transformation
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across  https://www.personaldevcenter.com
Information we collect
When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. This data is considered “non-identifying information,” as it does not personally identify you on its own. It may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, and other details.
Contact form / Book order form
We ask for personal information, such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address. This data is considered “identifying information,” as it can personally identify you. We only request personal information relevant to responding to your requests, and only use it to help provide or improve this service. We do not use your supplied contact details for marketing or promotional purposes.
How we collect information
We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it.
Use of information
We may use a combination of identifying and non-identifying information to understand who our visitors are, how they use our services, and how we may improve their experience of our website in future. We do not disclose the specifics of this information publicly but may share aggregated and anonymized versions of this information, for example, in website and customer usage trend reports.
Data processing and storage
We only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide a service, or to improve our services in future. While we retain this data, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee absolute data security.
Cookies
We currently use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your computer and accesses each time you visit. This information is used to understand how you use a site and serve your content based on preferences you have specified. Usage of a “cookie” is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
This policy covers only the use of cookies between your computer and our website; it does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party services we may use on our site.
Third-party access to information
We may use third-party services for our website and marketing activity. These services may access our data solely for the purpose of performing specific tasks on our behalf. We do not share any personally identifying information with these services without your explicit consent. We do not give these services permission to disclose or use any of our data for any other purpose.
We will refuse government and law enforcement requests for data if we believe a request is too broad or unrelated to its stated purpose. However, we may cooperate if we believe the requested information is necessary and appropriate to comply with legal process, to protect our own rights and property, to protect the safety of the public and any person, to prevent a crime, or to prevent what we reasonably believe to be illegal, legally actionable, or unethical activity.
We do not otherwise share or supply personal information to third parties. We do not sell or rent your personal information to marketers or third parties.
Children’s privacy
This website does not knowingly target or collect personal information from children. As a parent/guardian, please contact us if you believe your child is participating in an activity involving personal information on our website, and you have not received a notification or request for consent. We do not use your supplied contact details for marketing or promotional purposes.
Limits of our policy
This privacy policy only covers Personal Development Center’s own collecting and handling of data. We only work with partners, affiliates and third-party providers whose privacy policies align with ours; however, we cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Changes to this policy
At our discretion, we may update this policy to reflect current acceptable practices. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our website. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around data and personal information.
Your rights and responsibilities
As a visitor of our website, you have the right to be informed about how your data is collected and used. You are entitled to know what data we collect about you, and how it is processed. You are entitled to correct and update any personal information about you, and to request this information be deleted.
You are entitled to restrict or object to our use of your data, while retaining the right to use your personal information for your own purposes. You have the right to opt out of data about you being used in decisions based solely on automated processing.
Feel free to contact us if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle your data and personal information.
Personal Development Center Data Controller
Leslie Cassinari
lcassinari@mindspring.com
This policy is effective as of March 24, 2019.
PDC Privacy Policy – updated June 17, 2019
Primary Sidebar
Agni
Symbol of creative power of the sun as well as the higher powers within an individual.
Bandha
A special ancient practice of deliberately tensioning the body to gain the same benefits as from natural eustress responses.
Breasts
Stethos in ancient Greece. The source of thought and feeling, organs of the Soul used to interface with the outer world and lower heart.
BS Muscle
The physiological muscle and flesh beneath the perineal skin. The Bulbocavernosus (also called the Bulbospongiosus, which means a sponge-like, contractile/expansive flesh) is also capable of forming a solid bulb such as noted when stepping into an icy cold shower.
Churning
Called Mantha in Sanskrit. Churning involves lower abdominial contortions which increase vitality and are commonly associated with deep sobbing. Churning can be experienced at times of strong demands on the body and mind.
Elements
Metaphysical building blocks of reality: “Air, Fire, and Water determine the nature of the fourth Element Earth, which is then made real by Mind.”
Energy
The power for change.
Eustress
Good stress that counters bad stress. Coined by Hans Selye who explained how intentional “muscular, nervous activity or anything else that requires effort” could reduce unwanted (dis)stress.
Gut Feelings
Unusual feelings in the lower abdominal region, associated with inner insights and strength.
Heart
Center of the body in the perineum which is the center of control and feelings. This is not the beating heart in the chest.
Hormones
Many ancient writings refer to hormones as the mystical Elixir for energizing the inner allegorical gods or god-like powers. The powerful transformational hormones were known variously as ambrosia, amrita, haoma, soma, living waters,and chi in different cultures.
Inner Power
The power to change yourself and your world without reliance on the external power of institutions or authorities.
Intention
The word Intention had an earlier meaning based on the Greek word upothesis, which has the metaphysical definition of describing “that which has been settled before it begins.” It is far more than the modern usage of being a plan of action or design.
Mantra
Sanskrit term for Intention. It is the vision of what you want your self and world to be in the future. Mantra integrates your past and present with this intended future.
Mind
Metaphysical force that unites. The source of evolution, vision and the power of intention. Called Brahma in the ancient Sanskrit documents.
Mudra
Manifested intention.
Perineum
The ancient view of the Perineum is still evidenced with its name, which is derived from the ancient Greek words Peri which means “area” and neuma which means “control” or that the Perineum is the area or heart of control.
Power of Love
Called Eros in ancient Greek; Rudra and Bhairava in ancient Sanskrit. The inner power to manifest your intention.
Quickening
Becoming vitalized, stimulated, more alive.
Soma/Elixir
Inner transformational fluid, now known to be adaptive hormones which enliven or quicken the body and mind to manifest one’s intention.
Soul
Awareness of the self and outer world and a chosen path to be followed.
Stethos
The breasts were known in ancient Greece as Stethos, which were defined in ancient Greek as being “the seat of feelings and thought as we (currently) use heart.”
Yoni
The feminine creative center of both sexes which exists in the perineum of both sexes, serving to stimulate the production of soma.
Footer Personal Development Center
P.O. Box 93, South Windham, CT 06266-0093
Inquiries & Comments
Contact@personaldevcenter.com
PDC Privacy Policy