http://www.millermartin.com/privacy-policy.php
Miller & Martin Privacy Policy
Miller & Martin PLLC ("Miller & Martin" or the "Firm") welcomes you to our website (the "Website"). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") is designed to explain the types of information that we collect through the Website and how that information is used or shared. By accessing our Website, you consent to the information collection and handling practices outlined in this Policy. If you have questions about the contents of this Policy, you may contact us at either info@millermartin.com or 1-800-275-7303.
Personally Identifiable Information
Miller & Martin collects personally identifiable information through this Website only when voluntarily provided by you. For example, visitors to our Website may elect to register for an event we are sponsoring, subscribe to our publications or send us a message using the "Contact Us" feature. In such cases, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, e-mail address, physical address, job title, employer, credit or debit card information and telephone number. We also may retain records of correspondence you send us via the Website and records of any transactions you may make to register for events. By providing the information described above, or by corresponding with us, you consent to our retention of the information provided, or contained in correspondence, and you consent to our use of such information as described in this Policy. You can at any time ask us not to use your personal information for marketing purposes (the "Marketing Opt Out"). You can exercise the Marketing Opt Out at any time by contacting us at info@millermartin.com or 1-800-275-7303.
Use and Sharing of Personal Information
We use personally identifiable information that we collect through our Website for the purposes described on the Website at the time you provide the information. Among other things, we use this information to respond to inquiries from you and to provide you with information about our services. By submitting your personally identifiable information to us, you agree that we may contact you about the information and services you have requested, and subject to your Marketing Opt Out right, for marketing purposes, either through electronic mail, via telephone or facsimile, or by enrolling you in a subscription to one or more of our publications. We may share the personal information about you with units of our Firm. We may also share this information with third parties who are vendors to our Firm, to enable them to provide the services for which they were retained. These services may include email or newsletter distribution, promotion and management of events and network infrastructure and IT services development and maintenance. We may also share personal information with third party vendors to compile aggregated statistics to help us understand how visitors use our Website, to enhance the functionality of our Website and for similar purposes. We will attempt to limit your personal information disclosed to these vendors only to the extent necessary for them to provide their services. We reserve the right to disclose user information, including your personal information, in the event that we receive a subpoena, court order, or similar legal process compelling us to disclose the information, or if we receive a request for information from law enforcement or governmental authorities. We may also disclose your personal information if we in good faith believe it is appropriate to enforce our Terms of Use, to protect against fraudulent, malicious, abusive, unauthorized or unlawful use of our services or Website, or to protect our rights or the safety or security of our clients, employees or data. We do not knowingly sell, rent, or share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their commercial benefit.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information; Cookies
We also collect certain non-personally identifiable information concerning visits to our Website. For example, we may collect and retain information about your visit, including without limitation: (1) the dates and times of your visit, (2) which pages on our Website you access, (3) how long you spend on each page, (4) your IP address, (5) your browser and operating system, and (6) whether you were referred to our Website from some referral site. As with many other websites, our Website uses "cookies" to enhance the visitor's experience when viewing our site. A cookie is a file that a website transmits to the visitor's browser, which the browser then saves on the user's computer in a designated file for cookies. Cookies enable us to collect non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our Website and their use of our Website. We will use this information to improve our Website and to enhance your use of our Website. You have the ability to set your browser to refuse to accept cookies. For assistance in doing so, you should refer to the "help" documentation for your browser or contact the manufacturer of your browser software.
Google Analytics
We have also contracted with Google to provide us certain analyses ("Google Analytics") with respect to the use of our Website. Many websites use Google Analytics to understand and analyze on an anonymous basis use of those websites. When you visit our Website, Google Analytics will collect non-personal information about your activity through Google cookies and similar technologies to identify in an anonymous manner browsers and devices. We may also provide additional non-personal information we have collected to Google. We will not facilitate the merging of your personal information with non-personal information we obtain or obtained by Google.
Google Analytics will use the non-personal information plus other non-personal information it may have from other sources to produce reports assisting us in understanding how visitors use our Website, in evaluating our Website, in improving our Website and in detecting and defending against fraud and other security risks. A fuller description of how Google collects, processes, uses and shares the data it collects is at:
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. You can opt out of having Google install its cookies on your browser and from providing any information to Google Analytics by downloading the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On, which can be obtained at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Please note that if you delete all cookies from your browser, your use of our Website may be more difficult.
Merger or Acquisition of Miller & Martin
We reserve the right to assign all the information obtained through our Website to any law firm with which Miller & Martin may merge or consolidate, to which Miller & Martin transfers all or substantially all of its assets, or which results from any group of lawyers leaving Miler & Martin, including as a result of the dissolution of Miller & Martin.
Links
From time to time, our Website may contain links to other websites provided by third parties. We do not endorse such third parties, their services or products, nor do we warrant the security of such third-party websites. We recommend that you review the privacy policies published by those providers before you provide any personally identifiable information to them.
Children
This Website is not directed to or designed for the use of children under the age of 13 years, and we do not knowingly collect or maintain any information about anyone under the age of 13. If you are younger than 13 years old, you should not register with our Website, subscribe to any of our newsletter services, or provide any personally identifiable information to us.
California Privacy Rights "Shine The Light" Requests
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes, but you are still welcome to request additional information. You may contact us with your request at either info@millermartin.com or 1-800-275-7303.
Information Security
We have implemented reasonable security measures to protect the security of personally identifiable information that you provide to us. However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. As with all electronic storage of data on servers connected to the Internet, there can be no guaranty that there will never be unauthorized access or use of the data, including your personal information.
International Transmission
Third party vendors that we may retain and with whom we may share information collected via this Website may be located in the United States or in other countries. We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy. We do not warrant that our procedures, or the procedures of our third party vendors, will comply with the data security standards or laws of your home country.
Limited Scope
This Policy does not apply to information that we obtain or you provide in any way other than through the Website. This Policy also does not apply to any information that may be collected by third party websites that may be linked to this Website. Miller & Martin assumes no liability for information that may be collected by such websites or their owners.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any time, without notice. Such changes will be incorporated into a revised Privacy Policy posted on our Website when they become effective. The current version of this Policy supersedes any prior versions.
Effective Date
This Policy was last revised on October 16, 2019.
Thank you for your request to e-mail
Contacting us by email does not create an attorney-client relationship. You should not send us confidential information unless we have agreed in writing to represent you. To represent you, we must check for conflicts of interest with our existing clients. Unless you are emailing about a matter in which Miller & Martin currently represents you, then, by clicking below to continue, you agree that you do not expect us to treat the information you send as confidential and that we may represent a client adverse to you, even in a matter where that information can be used against you.
Continue with e-mail to Miller & Martin
Cancel e-mail