http://www.foodonfoot.org/privacy-policy/
Donate Now
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Food on Foot
Our commitment to privacy
Food on Foot knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate you trusting that we will do so carefully and sensibly. To better protect your privacy, we provide this Privacy Policy explaining our practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Food on Foot. The information below explains our policy regarding your privacy, both online and offline. By visiting www.foodonfoot.org and www.foodonfoot.net or sharing personal information with Food on Foot, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Our www.foodonfoot.org and www.foodonfoot.net website is maintained by Food on Foot, with headquarters at 9663 Santa Monica Blvd. #743, Beverly Hills, CA 90210, USA, telephone (310) 860-0022.
What personally identifiable information is collected by Food on Foot?
When you visit our website or make a donation online or offline, you may provide us with personal information (such as name, address, email address, telephone numbers and/or credit/debit card information) that you knowingly choose to disclose, which is collected on an individual basis for various purposes. These purposes include registering to receive email newsletters or other materials, requesting further information from us about projects and services, donating to us, ordering merchandise, making requests, submitting a form on our website, or simply asking a question. We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way, whether it is online or offline. We ask for personal information so that we can fulfill your request and return your message. This information is retained and used in accordance with existing laws, rules, regulations, and other policies. Food on Foot does not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. If you choose not to provide any of that information, we may not be able to fulfill your request or complete your order, but you will still be free to browse the other sections of the websites owned and administered by Food on Foot. This means that you can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself.
The way we use information
When you supply information about yourself for a specific purpose, we use the information for only that purpose (such as to provide the service or information you have requested). For example, you may be asked to give us individual information to receive information, to make a donation, to purchase merchandise, or to apply for a job. Similarly, we use information you provide about yourself or someone else when placing a merchandise order only to ship the merchandise and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new projects and services or on our merchandise. Information you submit on our website or over the phone will not be used for this purpose unless a registration form is filled out.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Food on Foot does not sell, rent, give-away or share its email addresses or other personal contact information with outside sources. Food on Foot also does not send mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Should any material changes be made to the ways in which we use personally identifiable information, Food on Foot will take commercially reasonable measures to obtain written or email consent from you. We will also post the changes to our use of personally identifiable information on our website at least 30 days prior to a change.
Our commitment to data security
Personally identifiable information is stored on our server and is not publicly accessible. Further, personally identifiable information is only accessed by Food on Foot personnel on a “need to know” basis. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Additionally, sensitive data such as credit card numbers are encrypted using SSL and other industry standard measures, to provide an additional level of security.
Choice/opt-out
If you have registered to receive communications from us and later change your mind, you may contact us to have your name and contact information removed from our distribution lists. You have the following options to do this:
You can send an email to: info@foodonfoot.org
You can send mail to the following address:
Food on Foot, 9663 Santa Monica Blvd. #743, Beverly Hills, CA 90210, USA
Correct/update
If you would like to verify the data we have received from you or to make corrections to it, you may contact us directly at the email and mail addresses provided above.
What anonymous information is collected by Food on Foot?
Anonymous information is collected for every donor and visitor to this site and www.foodonfoot.net. This includes pages viewed, date and time, and browser type. IP numbers are not stored, but are temporarily used to determine domain type and in some cases, geographic region. We do not make any association between this information and a donor or visitor’s identity.
Automatic information
When you visit our website, our servers make a log of basic information corresponding to the sites and pages you have visited. This information is stored primarily to track the effectiveness of our website and individual sections and pages within them.
How does this site use cookies?
Cookies are simple text files stored by your web browser that provide a method of distinguishing among donors and visitors to the website. Food on Foot uses cookies to identify your browser as you visit pages on the Food on Foot website or sites in the Food on Foot media network. Cookies created on your computer by using our website do not contain personally identifiable information and do not compromise your privacy or security. Cookies allow Food on Foot to gather anonymous information. Cookies also allow Food on Foot to provide more relevant, targeted content as you travel through sites in the Food on Foot media network as appropriate and are used on our ordering website to keep track of the items in your shopping cart.
Online or offline registration information
You will provide us with information about yourself and your organization when you register for fundraising, donations, and listservs or to buy products. This information is not used for any other purpose than to fulfill your request and is not shared with outside parties. However, donors and visitors should be aware that information collected online or offline may be subject to examination and inspection if such information is a public record or not otherwise protected from disclosure.
Links
This website may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked websites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Email Links
We use email links located on this site to allow you to contact us directly via email. We use the information provided in your email to respond to your questions or comments. We may also store your comments for future reference.
Email communications
We publish an e-newsletter that is sent periodically to persons on a listserv. The e-newsletter is distributed by email, although back issues may also be viewed on our website. You may subscribe to or unsubscribe from the email listserv at any time. Occasionally we may send announcements about Food on Foot events or merchandise to the mailing listserv. This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Changes to this privacy statement
Changing business practices and circumstances may require that we make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be reflected on this website. Food on Foot reserves the right to modify its website and/or this Privacy Policy at any time and donors and visitors are deemed to be apprised of and bound by any such modifications. Our goal is to provide all services to donors or visitors in an accessible, efficient and friendly manner while maintaining their privacy. If you have comments or questions regarding privacy, please contact us.
Legal disclaimer
We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Food on Foot.
For more information
If you have any questions, concerns or comments about your privacy, please send us a description of your concern via email to info@foodonfoot.org or call the main telephone number at (310) 860-0022.
We have been serving those in need for:
966 weeks
Food on Foot is a nonprofit dedicated to assisting our homeless and low-income neighbors in Los Angeles with nutritious meals, clothing, and a fresh start through a life-skills education, full-time employment, and permanent housing.
Quicklinks
Contact Us Today
Read our blog for current stories
Resources for Low Income Individuals
Sign up to Volunteer
Donate Now!
Privacy Policy
Food on Foot thanks Impress Communications Inc. (impress1.com)
for their generous donation of branding and design services!