https://www.methodistcollege.edu/about/policies-procedures
Current Status: Campus OPEN
Click Here To Go To NMC's COVID-19 Resource Page
Donate
Alumni
Login & Email
Healthcare Degree programs
Admissions
Tuition & Financial aid
Student life
about
Nursing programs
Allied Health Programs
Healthcare Management
Professional Development
Find Your Program
Nursing programs
Certificate
Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA)
Certified Medication Aide (CMA)
RN Refresher
CNA Refresher
Hospital Course for CNA’s
Nurse Educator, PMC
Nurse Executive, PMC
Nurse Informatics, PMC
Bachelor
Traditional BSN
Accelerated BSN
LPN to BSN
RN to BSN
Master
RN to MSN Nurse Educator
RN to MSN Nurse Executive
RN to MSN Nursing Informatics
RN to MSN Care Coordinator
MSN Nurse Educator
MSN Nurse Executive
MSN Nursing Informatics
MSN Care Coordinator
Doctoral
BSN to DNP - Family Nurse Practitioner
BSN to DNP - Adult Gerontology Primary Care Nurse Practitioner
BSN to DNP - Adult Gerontology Clinical Nurse Specialist
APRN to DNP
MSN/MHP to DNP - Public Health Policy
Allied Health Programs
Certificate
Medical Assistant
Phlebotomy
Pharmacy Technician
Sterile Processing Technician
Computed Tomography
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Mammography
Associate
Cardiovascular Sonography
Multispecialty Sonography
Physical Therapist Assistant
Radiologic Technology
Respiratory Care
Surgical Technology
Bachelor
Cardiovascular Sonography
Diagnostic Medical Sonography
Imaging Sciences
Respiratory Therapy, RRT to BSRT
Respiratory Therapy, Dual Degree AS+BS
Master
Occupational Therapy
Healthcare Management
Certificate
Healthcare Analytics
Bachelor
Healthcare Management
Master
MBA In Healthcare
Wellness and Health Promotion Management
Doctoral
Education & Leadership in Healthcare
Public Health Policy
Professional Development
CE Courses
CE FAQ
PD Resources
Basic Life Support
Advanced Life Support
Pediatric Advanced Life Support
Neonatal Resuscitation
Family and Friends CPR
Admissions
Get started
Request Info
Visit Campus
Apply Now
Admission For
First-Time Freshmen
Transfer Students
International Students
Questions?
Contact Us
Admissions FAQs
Tuition & Financial Aid
Tuition & Fees
Tuition By Program & Degree
Financial Aid
Scholarships & Grants
Net Price Calculator
Tuition Refund Policy
Pay Online
Student life
Get Started
Explore Campus Life
New Students
Student Housing
Program Handbooks
Academics
Academic Calendar
Academic Services
John Moritz Library
Registrar
Support
Student Engagement & Support
Campus Health
Campus Safety
Bookstore
About NMC
Overview
Who We Are
Educated Citizen
The Josie Harper Campus
Accreditation & Affiliations
Institutional Research
People
Meet the President
Board of Directors
Faculty & Staff
Alumni Association
Community
Policies
Policies & Procedures
Campus Safety
Program Handbooks
Resources
Blog
Event Calendar
Resource Center
Marketing & Communications
Consumer Information Directory
Policies and Procedures
This page is intended to serve as a source for NMC policies and guidelines. Our policies have broad application throughout the institution, that help ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations; promotes efficiency; enhances the NMC mission; or reduces institutional risk.
General Policies
Students are expected to be familiar with the policies found below, in any supplements and any subsequent updates. These policies are subject to change without notice, obligation or liability. By enrolling at NMC, students agree to accept and abide by the terms stated in these institutional policies. Any changes also apply to currently matriculated students. Updates, notifications and changes to these policies can be found here.
Students must also familiarize themselves with and agree to accept and abide by the terms stated in the Student Housing Handbook (as applicable), Financial Aid policies & procedures (as applicable) and the handbook for the program in which you they enrolled.
expand all \
collapse all
Air Force ROTC
Air Force ROTC Policy PDF
Campus Security Information
Campus Safety Information PDF
College Delay and Closure Policy
College Delay and Closure Policy PDF
Concerns and Complaints
Concerns and Complaints Policy PDF
Conference/Business Travel Policy
Conference/Business Travel Policy PDF - including Checklist and Authorization Form
Copyright Policy
The federal Copyright Law requires all members of the NMC community, including faculty, staff, students, volunteers, and patrons to respect the proprietary rights of owners of copyrights and refrain from actions that constitute an infringement of copyright or other proprietary rights.
Because of advances in technology and ease to copy, transmit, distribute, adapt, display, or perform copyrighted works, individuals must increasingly be aware of various copyright implications when using a wide range of materials and devices. Copyright violations related to printed materials, materials in digital format, audio and video recordings, music, Internet transmissions, computer programs and databases, or any other types of materials create potential legal liability for NMC and the individuals involved.
To support NMC's mission to create, discover, and disseminate knowledge and to further NMC's Mission and Core Values, members of the NMC community are strongly encouraged to access the "Copyright and Educational Fair Use" webpage here, wherein they can find guidance on copyright and fair use compliance at NMC. NMC adheres to and requires its faculty, staff and students to comply with all of the guidance, including fair use, found in the "Copyright and Educational Fair Use" page, unless the information contained therein does not reflect current federal Copyright Law. Faculty, staff, students, and any third-parties accessing www.methodistcollege.edu  must also be familiar with and comply with the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy as it relates to any and all material, including designs, methods, and structures found therein.
Faculty members, staff and other employees who willfully disregard the Copyright Policy place themselves individually at risk of legal action. In such cases, NMC may refuse to defend the employee in the court suit and in these suits personal liability may be incurred by the employee or student. Students who violate the Copyright Policy are also at risk of violating the NMC Code of Conduct, which may result in dismissal from NMC and employees may be at risk of termination.
Emotional Support Animal Policy
Emotional Support Animal Policy PDF
Equal Opportunity/Non-Discrimination
Equal Opportunity/Non-Discrimination Policy
Facility Rental Policy
Reservation Procedures
All functions are scheduled on a reservation basis. For reservations and information, contact Jami Tamblyn at (402) 354-6531 or jami.tamblyn@methodistcollege.edu.
Reservations are taken on a first come, first serve basis.
Cancellation must be made at least two (2) weeks prior to date of reservation. Renter forfeits the rental fee in the event a cancellation notification is made less than two (2) weeks prior to the scheduled event.
Rental Policy
There is a rental charge for the use of NMC and Alumni facilities listed below. Charges beyond the basic hourly, half day or full day rate will be made when additional security, janitorial service or other special services or equipment are required. NMC students, employees and alumni receive a 50% discount on rental charges. The employee and alumni rental charge discount does not apply to charges beyond the basic rate including charges for additional security, janitorial service or other special services or equipment. Any exceptions must have NMC Vice President or President approval.Each renter shall be responsible for all damages, misuse, theft or misappropriation of and to the building, the leased premises, the furnishings and the equipment due to its activities or those of people attending its function.Groups using NMC and/or Alumni facilities are responsible for restoring the facilities to its original condition immediately upon termination of an event or function including but not limited to, garbage, dishes, kitchen area, tables, chairs, etc. unless prior arrangements have been made in advance. Otherwise, a $150.00 cleaning fee may apply.
Decorations are permitted on tabletops or as portable displays only. No decorations may be attached to the floors, walls or ceiling of the facilities. The use of candles or any open flame is prohibited.
NMC, Methodist Health System, Inc. and their officers, directors, employees and agents are not responsible for lost, stolen and/or damaged equipment or personal belongings brought into the facilities by any group or its participants using the facilities or for activities at their functions. Accordingly, groups using NMC facilities will indemnify and hold harmless NMC, Methodist Health System, Inc. and their officers, directors, employees and agents against any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorney fees and court costs, concerning lost, damaged or stolen property, or personal injuries, death, arising out of the activities of such groups or their participants using the NMC and Alumni facilities.
Pricing
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
FERPA Policy (PDF)
FERPA Frequently Asked Questions
FERPA Non-Disclosure Form (PDF)
FERPA Education Record Release Form (PDF)
Graduation Rates
In compliance with the Higher Education Act of 1965, as amended, Nebraska Methodist College is pleased to report a 4-year graduation rate for bachelor's degree programs of 68% in 2013-2014.
Guide to Maxient Reporting Links
Nebraska Methodist College is committed to respecting all members of the campus community and ensuring that concerns are addressed fairly and resolved promptly. NMC uses a software system called Maxient for incident report routing and electronic record keeping. The following reporting links are available on the NMC website, in course syllabi, and via the links below:
Title IX Sexual Misconduct. For reports of sexual assault, sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, stalking, and other unwelcome behaviors as the described within the policy. Reports are routed to the Title IX Coordinator and then confidentially conveyed to appropriate relevant parties for intervention, investigation and/or resolution in accordance with the Sexual Misconduct policy. The Sexual Misconduct policy is available on the NMC website under Personal Conduct on this page.
Student Concern (SOS)/Code of Conduct. For reporting student concerns and/or situations that may be in conflict with established standards of behavior as outlined in the College Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct applies to non-academic offenses. Reports are routed to the Dean of Students and then conveyed to appropriate relevant parties for intervention, investigation and/or resolution in accordance with the Code of Conduct and other applicable college policies. The Code of Conduct policy is available on the NMC website under Personal Conduct on this page.
Academic Integrity. This reporting form is for Academic Integrity violations occurring in or because of academic coursework and activities associated with taking and completing courses at Nebraska Methodist College. Students are also encouraged to report suspected or known violations of academic integrity. Reports are routed to the appropriate academic Dean and then conveyed to appropriate faculty for investigation and resolution in accordance with the Academic Integrity policy. The Academic Integrity policy is available on the NMC website under Academic Policies on this page.
Student Academic Concerns (Includes Grade Disputes). The Academic Concerns Resolution policy is to be used for instances in which a student has an academic concern regarding: 1) The grade received in a course or 2) A decision perceived to be arbitrary, capricious, or applied unequally and impacts one's academic progression. A student is encouraged to first talk with the involved faculty member for resolution. Reports are routed to the appropriate academic Dean and then conveyed to appropriate faculty for investigation and resolution in accordance with the Resolution Process for Academic Concerns policy. The Resolution Process for Academic Concerns policy is available on the NMC website under Academic Policies on this page.
Compliments, Concerns & Comments. Students, staff, faculty, and campus visitors are encouraged to report compliments, concerns or comments about happenings at the College. For Title IV federal funding, accreditation, and state authorization compliance purposes, this report may be submitted anonymously and confidentially. Reports are routed to the Chief Student & Institutional Success Officer and then conveyed to appropriate NMC officials and other relevant parties for investigation and resolution.
COVID-19 Student Needs. Student, faculty, or staff may complete this form to inform NMC personnel of specific unmet student needs related to circumstances stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. Students are asked to complete this form to be connected with resources they need during this period. Reports are routed to the Chief Student & Institutional Success Officer and then conveyed to appropriate NMC personnel.
Attendance Tracker. The purpose of this form is to report cases of a lack of attendance/participation. Students are expected to be prompt and attend all classes and clinical/practicum experiences in their entirety. Instructor expectations for attendance will be made available to the students in writing via the course syllabus during the first week of class. Extenuating circumstances are reviewed on an individual basis.
Online Course Participation (48-Hour Policy Alert) Regular and substantive interaction between students and faculty in distance education programs is required by the US Department of Education. Students must demonstrate activity in the course within 48 hours of the course start date; if not, an alert is sent.
Online Course Attendance (Period of Inactivity during the Term) Student inactivity or lack of student interaction after the first week on an online course.
F2F Course/Clinical Attendance Two consecutive unexcused absences in a course which meets on campus and/or at clinical sites.
Medical Hardship & Compassionate Withdrawal Request Form.
Medical Hardship Withdrawal Request. A student may request and be considered for a Medical Hardship Withdrawal in one or more courses in extraordinary circumstances in which serious illness or injury (to student or family member) prevents the student from continuing her/his course(s) in a particular term and an arrangement with instructors for an extension or an incomplete grade is not possible.
Compassionate Withdrawal Request. A student may request and be considered for a Compassionate Withdrawal when extraordinary personal reasons, not related to student’s personal physical or mental health, prevents the student from continuing her/his course(s).
Harassment Policy
Harassment Policy PDF
Confidentiality of Patient Records (HIPAA)
Nebraska Methodist College is committed to protecting the privacy of protected health information (PHI) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. To achieve this end, the College, an affiliate of Methodist Health System, has adopted policies and procedures to protect the privacy, and provide for the security of PHI. Students who have access to PHI in the course of their programs are required to maintain the confidentiality of any and all PHI they have been appropriately granted authorization to use and view.
Students with access to PHI must respect their patient's rights to privacy and understand and adhere to their clinical site's privacy policies. When using or disclosing PHI, or when requesting PHI from others, students must make reasonable efforts to limit the information to the minimum necessary to accomplish the educational purpose of the use, disclosure, or request. Students must remove any patient identifiers before transporting, disclosing, or transmitting any document or assignment. (See below for steps to remove patient identifiers).
Students who access PHI are responsible for protecting and safeguarding it and to properly dispose (i.e., shred) of any notes, e-mails, thumb drives, CD-ROMs, Care Plans, and any other device or medium that contains PHI. Because of the risk of loss or theft of mobile devices, PHI should never be stored on or transferred to mobile devices unless specific approval is given and the mobile device contains the appropriate safeguards.
Students are also prohibited from disclosing any PHI on social media. Social media include, but are not limited to, collaborative projects (e.g, Wikipedia), blogs and microblogs (e.g., Twitter), content communities (e.g., YouTube), social networking sites (e.g., Facebook).
Failure to abide by the College's HIPAA Privacy Policy, and any other Methodist Health System HIPAA policy, may result in the suspension or dismissal from the College and/or legal action brought against the student.Removing/De-identifying Protected Health Information (PHI)
Protected Health Information (PHI): Information in any format that identifies the individual, including demographic information collected from an individual that can reasonably be used to identify the individual. Additionally, PHI is information created or received by a healthcare provider, health plan, employer, or healthcare clearinghouse; and relates to the past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition of an individual.
De-identified: Information that has certain identifiers (see "identifiers" below) MUST  be removed so that it is no longer considered Protected Health Information.
Identifiers: Under the HIPAA Privacy Rule "identifiers" include the following:
Names (e.g. patient initials (do not reverse order))
Geographic subdivisions smaller than a state (except the first three digits of a zip code if the geographic unit formed by combining all zip codes with the same three initial digits contains more than 20,000 people and the initial three digits of a zip code for all such geographic units containing 20,000 or fewer people is changed to 000).
All elements of dates (except year) for dates directly related to an individual, including birth date, admission date, discharge date, and date of death and all ages over 89 and all elements of dates (including year) indicative of such age (except that such ages and elements may be aggregated into a single category of age 90 or older)
Telephone numbers
Fax numbers
Electronic mail addresses
Social security numbers
Medical record numbers
Health plan beneficiary numbers
Account numbers
Certificate/license numbers
Vehicle identifiers and serial numbers, including license plate numbers
Device identifiers and serial numbers
Web Universal Resource Locators (URLs)
Internet Protocol (IP) address numbers
Biometric identifiers, including finger and voice prints
Full face photographic images and any comparable images
Any other unique identifying number, characteristic, or code (excluding a random identifier code for the subject that is not related to or derived from any existing identifier).
Identity Theft
In accordance with the Fair and Accurate Transactions Act, Nebraska Methodist College has established a required Red Flags Rule/Identity Theft Prevention Program with comprehensive procedures intended to prevent, detect, and mitigate student identity theft. The detection of "red flags" is central to the program. A red flag is defined as a pattern, practice, or specific activity that indicates the possible existence of identity theft. NMC service providers (e.g., lenders, collection agency, etc.) are also required to be in compliance with the Red Flags Rule.
If a student experiences identity theft unrelated to business at Nebraska Methodist College, he or she should immediately contact the Dean of Students. A student who wishes to change his/her name or address on file at NMC should contact the Registrar's office for assistance.
Independent Contractor Authorization
Independent Contractor Authorization Policy and Form
Institutional Statement on Diversity
Institutional Statement on Diversity
Medical Amnesty Policy
Nebraska Methodist College (NMC) encourages a living and learning environment that promotes the health and safety of all members of the NMC community. Drug or alcohol consumption--including excessive consumption, consumption of a dangerous substance, or consumption by someone with sensitivity-can cause serious physical and neurological harm or be life-threatening. As such, students are encouraged to make responsible decisions and to seek medical attention in serious or life-threatening situations that result from alcohol and/or other drug abuse; students are also encouraged to seek help for any situation where medical treatment is reasonably believed to be appropriate.
If a student is so intoxicated s/he is unable to be awakened, letting that person "sleep it off" is not a reasonable alternative to getting him/her the necessary medical help. Students may be hesitant to seek help in such emergencies because of fear of potential conduct and disciplinary consequences for themselves, the person in need of medical attention, or the organization hosting the event where the situation occurs.
If medical attention is required, students should immediately contact professional medical personnel (9-1-1) and/or Campus Security (if on campus) (402) 354-6911. A (i) student who seeks emergency assistance on behalf of him or herself, another student, or a friend experiencing an alcohol and/or other drug related emergency, as well as (ii) the individual in distress may not be subject to disciplinary action nor mandatory alcohol and other drug sanctions under the NMC Student Code of Conduct or certain provisions under the Alcohol and Drug policy, as explained below.
Purpose of Policy
NMC is committed to promoting a safe and healthy environment for all students.  A medical amnesty policy benefits our campus by encouraging students to make responsible decisions in seeking medical attention in serious or life-threatening situations that result from alcohol and/or other drug abuse and in any situation where medical treatment is reasonably believed to be appropriate. If a student is so intoxicated or drugged that s/he is unable to be awakened, letting that person "sleep it off" is not a reasonable alternative to getting him/her the necessary medical help.  This policy seeks to diminish fear of disciplinary and conduct sanctions in such situations and to encourage individuals and organizations to seek needed medical attention for students in distress from alcohol and drug use.
Procedure
NMC students who needed medical attention as a result of alcohol and/or illegal drug use and are considered for the Medical Amnesty Policy as determined by the Dean of Students Office are then required to meet with the Dean of Students who may then refer the student to the NMC Counseling Office. The Counseling Office, after evaluating the situation, may also refer the student to a substance abuse specialist for assessment, additional counseling, and/or possible referral for treatment.  Students who are referred but fail to meet and complete the recommendations in their entirety, or students determined by a professional to be in need of a medical or mental health leave (for their own or others' health and safety), may be subject to additional requirements after an opportunity to meet with a staff member from the Dean of Students Office.
Students who are actively enrolled in a clinical course are required to be free of the influence of alcohol and drugs. If an enrolled student reports to class or a clinical site and is suspected of being under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs, depending on the circumstance (alcohol versus drug related incident), they may be required to provide specimens for a drug or alcohol analysis in accordance with the Alcohol and Drug Policy. The Dean of Students will work with the Counseling Office to make this determination.
If a registered student is transported to an emergency medical treatment center for intoxication or drug use, the student's parents or guardians may be notified by a telephone call from the Dean of Students Office if necessary to protect the health or safety of the student or other individuals.
If the student is involved in any subsequent (i.e., repeat) alcohol and/or drug abuse incidents, the situation will be evaluated by the Dean of Students Office and/or the Vice President for Student Affairs to determine if the student qualifies for medical amnesty. The availability of medical amnesty for students with repetitive violations will be determined on a case-by-case basis. Typically, situations will be handled through the regular conduct process and will be considered for sanctioning purposes if a student does not demonstrate a commitment to the steps recommended by the healthcare professional and is involved in repetitive alcohol and/or drug abuse incidents.
The Medical Amnesty Policy applies to NMC students who initiate and seek assistance and/or medical treatment on behalf of themselves, another student, or a friend when a serious or life-threatening situation is transpiring as result of alcohol and/or drug abuse. Reporting to a clinical or practicum site while under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol where medical services may incidentally be offered during student's prescribed clinical hours, does not preclude the student from disciplinary action under the NMC Code of Conduct and/or Alcohol and Drug Policy.
If a representative of an NMC student organization hosting an event calls for medical assistance, this act of responsibility might mitigate potential Student Conduct Code     consequences that could arise against the organization, i.e., the fact that an organization sought help will be favorably considered in potential sanctioning for NMC policy violations. NMC student organizations involved in an incident must agree to take recommended steps to address concerns. In appropriate situations as determined in the conduct process, mitigation could result in the requirement of participation in an educational program or educational activities rather than other disciplinary consequences.
The protocol applies only to the NMC Student Code of Conduct and Alcohol and Drug Policy, though absolutely no medical amnesty will be granted to students enrolled in a clinical course who report to any clinical or practicum site and are suspected to be under the influence of illicit drugs or alcohol. If there are any conflicts between the Alcohol and Drug Policy and the Medical Amnesty Policy, the Alcohol and Drug Policy will prevail.
Enforcement agencies may act within their jurisdictions in enforcing the laws enacted by the State of Nebraska, the United States, or any other state or nation where jurisdiction may be invoked.
The Medical Amnesty Policy applies only to individuals' use of alcohol and drugs where medical attention is sought out and needed.  It does not apply to other prohibited behaviors including, but not limited to, the illegal distribution of illicit substances, harassment, sexual violence, hazing, causing or threatening physical harm, damage to property, or assault.
Questions
Questions regarding the Medical Amnesty Policy in general, should be directed to the Dean of Students Office (402) 354-7528.
Medical Assistant Books and Supplies Fee Opt-Out Policy
Medical Assistant Books and Supplies Fee Opt-Out Policy PDF
Military Policy
Military Policy
Minors Involved in Nebraska Methodist College Programs
Purpose and Scope of Policy:
This statement sets forth the minimum expectations and requirements regarding Minors who participate in activities and programs taking place on Nebraska Methodist College's (hereinafter "College" or "NMC") land, in its facilities, or under the authority and direction of the College at other locations. Specific NMC programs can, and may be required to, set forth more requirements and more rigorous expectations depending on the degree of interaction with Minors within the program. The College expects each and every member of the NMC community to adhere to and act in accordance with this policy. Failure to comply with the requirements set forth in this policy may lead to disciplinary action and/or revocation of the opportunity to use College facilities.
This policy affects all units of NMC with the exception of those academic courses wherein interaction with Minors is integral to the educational and patient-care related purposes of the academic course. Such academic courses will be subject to their own policies relating to Minors.
This policy does not apply to general public events where parents/guardians are invited/expected to provide supervision of Minors.
Definitions:
Minors: A person under the age of nineteen (19) who is not enrolled or accepted for enrollment at NMC.
College Facilities: Facilities owned by, or under the control of, the College with the exception of the Whispering Pine townhomes
Program: Programs and activities offered by various academic or administrative units of the College, or by non-College groups using College facilities which are subject to separately-executed Facility Rental Agreements. This includes, but is not limited to, workshops, conferences, pre-enrollment visits, community outreach Programs, and student organization sponsored Programs.
Adult: Individuals, age 19 and older, paid or unpaid, who interact with, supervise, chaperone, or otherwise oversee Minors in College Facilities or NMC-sponsored Programs or activities. This includes but is not limited to faculty, staff, volunteers, graduate and undergraduate students, interns, employees of temporary employment agencies, and independent contractors/consultants.
Policy: The following requirements govern participation in Programs covered by this policy:
Program Registration: The person in charge of the Program shall register the Program with the Education Compliance Director within sufficient time to meet the requirements of this policy. (Please use the form provided on the NMC intranet under "Forms").
Execute Proper Written Agreements(s): In all covered Programs or activities, if necessary, the parent/guardian shall execute the appropriate agreements as established by the College.
Conduct Background Checks: The coordinator of the Program, whether the Program is sponsored by NMC or a private concern, will be required to conduct a criminal background check on all Adults, including but not limited to faculty, staff, students, and volunteers, who work with, instruct, or who come into contact with Minors. These criminal background checks will be conducted by an agency approved by NMHS Human Resources or NMC Developmental Resources. If a criminal record history is revealed, an appropriate evaluation will take place.NMC also strongly encourages the coordinator of the Program to request references of any participating Adults for the purpose of providing additional information.
Required Training: In recognition of the imperative of protecting Minors, NMC requires that all Adults working with Minors be trained regarding policies and issues relating to interactions with Minors. This training shall be at least annually before an Adult begins working with Minors. Adult training shall be documented, with the Adult signing a statement indicating his/her understanding and receipt of NMC policies and procedures. This training shall include:
NMC policies regarding interactions with Minors;
Use of background checks to screen Adults working with Minors;
Responsibility for modeling respectful behaviors
Consequences of conduct violations involving Minors;
Behavioral signs that Minor victims may exhibit;
Sexual abuse and sexual harassment;
Inappropriate behavior with Minors;
Other appropriate topics; and
Reporting requirements and procedures.
Behavioral Expectations when interacting with Minors: Adults should be positive role model for Minors, and act in a caring, honest, respectful and responsible manner that is consistent with the mission and core values of NMC. Adults working in NMC programs covered by this policy must follow these expectations to avoid behaviors that could cause harm or be misinterpreted:
Do not engage in any sexual activity, make sexual comments, tell sexual jokes, or share sexually explicit materially (or assist in any way to provide access to such material) with Minors.
Do not be alone with a single Minor. One-on-one interactions should occur only when at least two Adults are present at all times with a Minor. If a one-on-one interaction is required, meet in open, well-illuminated spaces or rooms with windows observable by other Adults from the Program, unless the one-in-one interaction is expressly authorized by the coordinator of the Program being undertaken by a healthcare provider.
Do not meet with Minors outside of established times for Program activities. Any exceptions require the written parental authorization and must include more than one Adult from a Program.
Do not invite Minors to your home. Any exceptions, if any, required the written authorization by the Minor's parent/guardian.
Do not engage or allow Minors to engage you in romantic or sexual conversations, or related matters, unless required in the role of counselor or healthcare provider.
Do not engage or communicate with Minors through email, text message, social networking websites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, blogs, etc.), internet chat rooms, or other forms of social media expect and unless there is an educational or Programmatic purpose and the content of the communication is consistent with the mission of NMC.
Do not touch a Minor in a manner that a reasonable person could interpret as inappropriate. Touching should generally only be in the open and in response to the Minor's needs, for purpose that is consistent with the Program's mission and culture, and/or for a clear educational, developmental, or health-related (i.e. treatment of any injury) purpose. Any resistance by the Minor should be respected.
Do not engage in any abusive conduct of any kind toward, in the presence of, a Minor, including but not limited to verbal abuse, striking, hitting, punching, spanking, or restraining. If restraint is necessary to protect a Minor or other Minors from harm, all incidents must be documented and disclosed to the coordinator of the Program and the Minor's parent/guardian.
Do not use, possess or be under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs while on duty or when responsible for a Minor's welfare.
When transporting Minors in a Program, more than one Adult from the Program must be present in the vehicle, except when multiple Minors will be in the vehicle at all times though the transportation. Avoid using personal vehicles if possible.
Possession of or use of any type of weapon or explosive device is prohibited.
Title IX: Sexual Harassment Policy
NMC maintains and strictly adheres to its Sexual Harassment Policy. Any reports of sexual harassment, assault, or violence may also subject the violating Adult to the processes, procedures, and sanctions as provided for in the Sexual Harassment Policy. This policy can be accessed online at www.methodistcollege.edu.
Reporting Allegation(s) of Inappropriate Behavior or Abuse of a Minor
Every member of the NMC community has an obligation to immediately report any instance or suspected instance of the abuse of or inappropriate interaction with a Minor - "If you see something, say something." Nebraska law requires any person who has a reasonable cause to believe that a child has been subjected to abuse or neglect or observes such a child being subjected to conditions or circumstances which reasonably would result in child abuse or neglect, report it to the proper law enforcement agency or to the Department of Health and Human Services. Accordingly, if you have reasonable cause to believe that child abuse or neglect has occurred, including sexual assault:
You must report it;
You should give as much information and details as possible;
Reporting Adults are immune from liability, civil or criminal, if the report is made in good faith and not giving maliciously false statements;
If you willfully fail to make a report, you will be in violation of Nebraska Statute 28-717.
DHHS has established the following toll-free number to be used by any person at any hours of the day or night to report child abuse: (800) 652-1999.
Any member of the NMC community who suspects any inappropriate behavior or abuse of Minor is also required to contact and report the inappropriate behavior and/or abuse to the coordinator of the Program, a College administrator, and/or campus security.
Non-Academic Suspension/Dismissal
Non-Academic Suspension/Dismissal PDF
Partisan Political Activity Policy
Nebraska Methodist College ("NMC" or "College"), as a tax-exempt organization under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, is prohibited from participating or intervening in any political campaign on behalf of or in opposition to any candidate for public office. Political intervention includes not only making financial contributions but also the publication or distribution of written or oral statements on behalf of or in opposition to a particular candidate. There are no exceptions to this prohibition. Even an insubstantial violation may lead to monetary fines and exposes NMC to the possibility of revocation of its tax-exempt status.
Nonetheless, NMC is dedicated to the free expression of ideas. It encourages students, faculty, and other employees, in their individual capacities, to participate fully in the political process during campaigns by candidates for public office as long as they do not-either overtly or implicitly-involve the College.
In order to permit the most robust political discourse during partisan political campaigns for public office, while at the same time ensuring NMC's compliance with state and federal law, including the applicable restrictions placed on it as a tax-exempt organization, everyone connected with NMC must observe the following rules with respect to his or her participation in national, state, or local partisan political campaign activities:
When endorsing or opposing a candidate for political office or taking a position on an issue for the purpose of assisting or opposing a candidate, individuals and groups within the College should undertake to make it clear that they are speaking only for themselves and that they are not stating a College position. This is particularly important for those who in their official capacity frequently speak for the College.
Faculty and other employees may take part in partisan political activities freely on their own time, but they must not do so at the expense of their regular responsibilities to the College and its students.
NMC's name or insignia cannot be used on stationery or other documents intended for political purposes, including soliciting funds for political support or carrying on a political campaign.
Funds or other contributions may not be solicited in the name of Nebraska Methodist College for political support or carrying on a political campaign.
NMC employees may not-and should not be asked to-perform tasks related to partisan political activities during working hours.
The following may not under any circumstances be used for political campaign purposes:
The College's bulk-mailing privilege;
College mailing lists-including the addresses and e-mail addresses of departmental offices or the offices of faculty or other employees;
College-provided office supplies, telephones, facsimile machines, copiers, etc.;
The College's sales tax exemption for purchases of goods and services.
Any communication disseminated through the NMC e-mail system that could be construed as relating to political activity must include a clear statement that such communication represents the personal position of the author.
College-related organizations composed solely of members of the College community may utilize available College building space (College facilities regularly reserved for student use and other College space such as lecture halls and meeting rooms) to engage in partisan political campaign activities within the College community,* provided that such organizations (i) pay for the costs of such activities (typically, telephones, duplicating, electricity, etc.) and (ii) pay full rental fees for the use of such facilities that they would otherwise be charged. A disclaimer should be made at the beginning of any such event (and in any printed materials or advertising) that the College does not support or oppose candidates for political office, that the opinions expressed are not those of the College, and that the College-related organization has sponsored the event. All plans, publicity, and other information relating to such activities must be approved in advance by NMC's Education Compliance Director and Methodist Health System's Vice President of Compliance. The College's outdoor grounds may not be used for partisan political events.
Organizations that are composed of non-College members, participants or employees, in whole or in part, are ineligible for use of College space to engage in partisan political campaign activities.
Certain nonpartisan political activities (such as properly organized voter registration activities, voter education programs, and candidate debates) may be permissible if they do not evidence a preference for or opposition to a political party or to candidates who have taken a particular position. In order to ensure that all legal and College requirements are followed, advance approval for these events must be obtained from (and all materials must be reviewed by) both NMC's Education Compliance Director and Methodist Health System's Vice President of Compliance. In addition, an announcement should be made at the beginning of each such event and in any written materials setting forth the disclaimer described in paragraph 8 above.
As noted above, these policies are not intended to infringe in any way your individual right to support a particular candidate or participate in a political campaign. You remain entirely free to become involved in the election process as you choose, so long as you do so in a way that does not-either overtly or impliedly-involve the College.*Note, however, that when such College-related organizations engage in partisan political campaign activities aimed outside the College community, they may not utilize College space for such activities, but instead must conduct all such activities off campus.
Parenting & Pregnancy Policy
Parenting & Pregnancy Policy PDF
Peer-To-Peer (P2P) File Sharing Policy
The Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 requires institutions to take steps to combat the unauthorized distribution of copyrighted materials through peer-to-peer distribution or illegal downloading of intellectual property.
Definitions:
Peer to Peer (P2P) file sharing programs were developed to allow distribution and/or shared access to digitally stored information, such as computer programs, multi media (music and video), documents, or electronic books.
P2P file sharing connects users to a P2P client network that provides a platform for locating and sharing files. P2P users are typically required to install a software program on their own personal computers. Well-known client networks include Bearshare, BitTorrent, eDonkey, Gnutella, Limewire, and Morpheus. Risks of installing P2P software include identity theft, damage to the computer and the files on it (pictures, documents, etc.), and the possibility that the computer could be used to send spam or attack other computers.
P2P file sharing programs are not by themselves illegal. However, when they are used in aid of violating copyright laws by sharing copyright protected files without the authorization or consent by the copyright owners, they become illegal. Most commercially produced music and movies are copyrighted and cannot be freely shared. Using P2P file sharing software to distribute copyrighted materials without the permission and consent of the copyright holder is illegal and subjects the violator to the penalties provided for in the U.S. copyright laws. Unauthorized distribution of copyrighted materials can lead to both civil and criminal penalties.
Liability and Penalties:
Civil penalties may include actual damages and profits, statutory damages (ranging from$750-$30,000 per work that is infringed).  For "willful" infringement a court may award up to $150,000 per work infringed. A court can in its discretion also assess cost and attorneys fees. Willful copyright infringement can also result in criminal penalties, including imprisonment of up to five (5) years and fines of up to $250,000 per offense.
Policy and Procedure:
Members of the NMC community must follow institutional policies for appropriate use of technology resources as well as comply with all state and federal copyright laws. Methodist Health System (MHS) maintains the computer network that supports the academic and administrative needs of NMC students, faculty, and staff. MHS Internet Access Policy states that all users are responsible for using the network in a professional, lawful, and ethical manner.  MHS, in cooperation with NMC, will monitor the use of P2P file sharing and pursue all violations of state and federal laws.
Sharing copyrighted works, as is easily done with P2P programs, also violates the MHS Internet Access Policy and NMC Code of Conduct Policy. Any NMC student, employee, or other individual will be subject to disciplinary action and elimination of internet access upon violation of this policy.
Sharing digital files (such as music, movies, television shows, games, computer software, text, e-books and photographs) under any of the following conditions constitutes copyright infringement
You did not create the original work
The work is not in the public domain
You do not have permission to share the work
Beyond the personal risks of P2P file sharing, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) vigorously pursue infringements of copyrights owned by their individual members, as is their right under the Copyright Law of the United States. Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA), NMC is required to cooperate in the pursuit of alleged violators. NMC is under no obligation to accept responsibility for, or to help defend, the activities of students engaged in illegal file sharing.File Sharing Legal Alternatives
The Higher Education Opportunity Act requires all colleges and universities, including NMC, to offer legal alternatives to illegal file sharing (See here). No endorsements or evaluations are implied.
Removing P2P Programs
To remove P2P file sharing programs from a computer, consult directions for removing P2P software. (See here).
Pet Policy
Pet Policy PDF
Photography Policy
All students are advised that NMC programs including, but not limited to, the Center for Health Partnerships, Upward Bound, and Student Government, take photographs and videos of students throughout the year. These photographs and videos often depict students in classrooms, study areas, graduation activities, and at other NMC related activities. NMC reserves the right to use these photographs and videos as a part of its publicity efforts, including, but not limited to, alumni newsletters, social media posts, and the NMC blog without providing the student or alumni compensation.
NMC Marketing also takes and uses professional photographs, videos, and testimonials of students for general and specific publicity and marketing efforts. Students who are asked to participate in NMC Marketing activities will be required to complete a Photo/Video/Testimonial Release Form before participating wherein they agree to NMC using, reusing, publishing, or republishing their photograph, image, likeness, voice, and any oral or written statement, regardless of format, which may include print, broadcast or electronic media, for commercial and marketing purposes without compensation.
Policy Establishment, Approval and Review Policy
Policy Establishment, Approval and Review Policy
Safety Policies
The safety and wellbeing of the NMC community is the overarching goal of the NMC Emergency and Safety Procedure Manual. However, the existence of policies and procedures is of limited value without the active support of the students, faculty, and staff. Everyone at NMC should be prepared to take appropriate and deliberate action when an emergency arises. Safety is everyone's responsibility!
In addition to emergency procedures, prevention is a critical factor in any emergency plan. Faculty, staff, counselors, and students are in the best position to identify and react to any warning signals or potential dangers and must take personal responsibility for reporting concerns. These could range from safety concerns in a laboratory to unusual or suspicious behavior. It is through a trust-based partnership among administration, faculty and staff, and students that our campus can remain safe and focused on education.
Social Media Policy
NMC supports the use of social media to reach audiences important to the College such as students, prospective students, faculty and staff. The College presence or participation on social media sites is guided by College policy. This policy applies to all use of social media by NMC students, faculty and staff, unless otherwise provided, to represent or discuss matters concerning the College and/or members of the NMC community, whether or not such use involves the College's network or other computer resources, including online communications related to interactions in or about clinical and didactic course activities. Read the Entire Online Communications Policy below.
Student Record Management and Retention Schedule
Student Record Management and Retention Schedule PDF
Services and Accommodations for Students with Disabilities
Services and Accommodations for Students with Disabilities PDF
Student Health Policies
The health of our students is very important to success in and out of the classroom. All students must maintain and adhere to the student health policies and procedures.
Student Property and Liability Policy
The College does not assume any liability for loss, damage, or injury resulting from theft, explosion, fire, mechanical failure of either gas or water lines, loss of electricity, defective wiring, or negligence of any occupant of the building. It is strongly urged that students purchase appropriate insurance policies to protect themselves from loss or damage to personal possessions.
All students participating in off-campus programs and/or activities sponsored by the College are required to sign and submit a waiver of liability and hold harmless agreement.
Student Rights and Responsibilities
All members of the academic community have the responsibility to create and support an educational environment which will achieve the basic purposes of an institution of higher learning. Each member of the community should be treated with respect and dignity. Each has the right to learn which imposes a duty not to infringe upon the rights of others.
The academic community environment is designed to encourage a variety of thoughts, behaviors, and values within the educational goals of the community. An important aspect of the community is the recognition of differences between individuals. In all instances, including informal College activities and associations, each individual should be treated in a fair and unbiased manner. Each member of the academic community shall actively encourage practices that insure that all persons are welcome at the College and are extended all the privileges of the academic community to which they are entitled.
Decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court, while guaranteeing a student's freedom, have assigned two responsibilities to a student that are congruent with the First and Fourteenth Amendments of the United States Constitution:
First Amendment: Students have a right to free speech and to assemble and petition to air grievances. Students may not interfere with another person's right to participate or decline to participate in this manner. Students have the right of expression in the classroom and the responsibility to learn from the course of study according to the standards of performance established by the faculty. Student behavior in a classroom should contribute to the learning process
Fourteenth Amendment: Section 1 - Students may not "materially or substantially" interfere with the requirement of appropriate discipline in the operation of a school. Violations of these constitutional amendments are subject to disciplinary action.
Tobacco-Free Environment
Tobacco-Free Environment Policy PDF
Learn more from the CDC
Unauthorized Access Policy
Unauthorized access is defined as gaining access to space, materials and information without the consent and permission of designated personnel who have responsibility for the specified space, materials and information. In accordance with College policies and rights to privacy, only authorized personnel may have access to designated College space, materials and information. Authorized personnel include designated personnel with responsibility for the specified space, materials and/or information and students and College employees who have obtained permission and consent from designated personnel.
Unauthorized entry or use of College facilities (including residence hall and/or resident rooms, either through forced entry or other means), the reproduction or unauthorized use of College keys, unauthorized accessing, destruction of or interference with computer programs, data bases, files or information stored in College computer systems is prohibited. Further inappropriate use of a computer system and/or medical records at any clinical site for the purpose of accessing a patient's protected health information is prohibited. Students violating this policy are subject to disciplinary action.
Admissions
Below you will find general information and policies about the admissions department and the admissions process at Nebraska Methodist College.
expand all \
collapse all
Application/Enrollment Fees
Applicants pay a non-refundable application fee. Applicants who are granted admission pay an enrollment fee that is applied to the tuition for the first semester at the College. This fee will not be refunded to students who withdraw prior to the start of the semester. The enrollment fee is encouraged within thirty (30) days of admission.
Background Investigation and Drug Screening
Clinical facilities require that Nebraska Methodist College perform drug screenings and background investigations on all students before they are allowed to participate in clinical experiences. Therefore, students will be required to have a background investigation performed and submit to drug screening before being allowed into clinical practice. Further information about the requirements is online and provided at new student orientation. Students enrolled in exclusively online undergraduate and graduate programs may be required to have a background investigation performed and submit to drug screening based on the policies of clinical practice sites used in their communities.
Persons who have criminal records, substance abuse problems or health problems that could interfere with safe clinical practice in their chosen discipline may be ineligible for student clinical practice, licensure and/or professional certification, or employment. However, students with a history of these difficulties are not necessarily precluded from a career in healthcare, and will therefore be considered for continued enrollment on a case-by-case basis. The College always keeps the interest of the student as a top priority, and reserves the right to dismiss any student that the College feels will not be able to secure a career in their chosen profession as a result of a history of past legal or behavioral difficulties.
Certificate Admission Criteria
Medical Assistant or Phlebotomy Career Certificate
Admission Criteria
A minimum cumulative GPA of 2.0 is preferred. Students with higher cumulative GPA's will be more competitive.
High school diploma or equivalent.
Demonstration of success in science and math courses (from either high school or college).
Demonstration of good physical health.
Demonstrate good written and verbal communication skills.
Note:  A medical terminology course is recommended, but not required.
Application Process
To be considered for admission to a certificate program, an applicant must provide and complete all of the following items:
NMC application.
$25 non-refundable application fee.
Written statement.
Official high school diploma or GED equivalent.
Official college transcripts from all colleges attended.
Program/Career Awareness Questionnaire.
Confidentiality of Application Records
Under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) of 1974, any individual who is or has been in attendance at NMC is considered a "student." In harmony with FERPA regulations, an individual applying to NMC is not considered a "student" unless and until they are admitted and in attendance. Once an individual is admitted and begins attending NMC, thereby becoming a "student", NMC will treat any application records as confidential to the extent permitted by FERPA. NMC considers an admitted student to be attendance when they attend their first day of classes.
Doctoral Credit Transfer Policy
Nebraska Methodist College (NMC) Doctoral Program faculty will evaluate all coursework submitted by the transfer applicant and reserves the right to accept or deny any of the credits offered for transfer. Please refer to the Doctoral Credit Transfer Policy below.
Doctoral Credit Transfer Policy
Graduate Admission Criteria
Admission to a graduate program at NMC is a selective process. All aspects of a student's record are evaluated in making an admission decision, with an emphasis placed on a student's academic success and potential. All components of the application must be submitted before an application will be reviewed. Official transcripts must contain evidence of good standing from the last school attended. There is no requirement to have a GRE or other standardized exam for admission to the Graduate Programs.
Final selection of applicants to be admitted shall be made by the College, which reserves the right to deny admission to any applicant for any lawful reason. NMC does not obligate itself to admit all students who meet the minimum admission criteria. Qualified students are admitted in compliance with federal and state non-discrimination laws. In compliance with Section 504 of the Federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, NMC endeavors to provide qualified students equal access to the College's educational opportunities, facilities, programs and activities.
Health Professions (non-nursing)
Admission Criteria
Bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally-accredited institution with a cumulative grade point average of 2.5 or above.
Application Process
NMC Application.
Written statement.
Resume.
Official transcripts from graduating institutions. (Unofficial transcripts or copies are acceptable through the admissions process; official transcripts are required at the time of enrollment.)
Professional consultation with an admissions representative.
Master of Science in Nursing
Admission Criteria
Option 1 - BSN prepared applicants
Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) from a state approved program of nursing or a program professionally accredited by NLNAC or CCNE.
Current unencumbered licensure as a Registered Nurse.
A cumulative GPA of 3.0 or above for admission consideration.
GPA below 3.0 will be considered on an individual basis.
Option 2 - RN to MSN
Graduation from an associate degree or diploma RN state approved program of nursing or a program professionally accredited by NLNAC or CCNE.
Current unencumbered licensure as a Registered Nurse.
A cumulative GPA of 3.0 or above for admission consideration.
A GPA below 3.0 will be considered on an individual basis.
Application Process
NMC Application.
Written statement.
Resume.
Official high school transcripts.
Official college transcripts from graduating institutions.
Current unencumbered licensure as a Registered Nurse.
Professional consultation with an admissions representative.
Post-Master's Certificate - Nurse Educator/ Nurse ExecutiveAdmission Criteria
Master of Science degree from a state approved program of nursing or a program professionally accredited by NLNAC or CCNE.
Applicants who have a master's degree (MA or MS) in other healthcare fields will be considered on an individual basis for the Nurse Educator and Nurse Executive programs.
Cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher.
Application Process
NMC Application.
Written statement.
Resume.
Official college transcripts from master's degree.
Copy of unencumbered licensure as a Registered Nurse (if applicable).
Professional consultation with an admissions representative.
Immunizations
All students must show proof of required immunizations and complete a pre-entrance health assessment. Please refer to student health requirements on the Campus Health webpage.
LPN Advanced Placement and RN to BSN Admission Process
Applicants are evaluated based on Undergraduate Admission Criteria and follow the admissions process and the following:
Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)
Proof of unencumbered LPN licensure.
Graduation from a state-approved diploma program or a program professionally accredited by NLNAC or CCNE.
Registered Nurse (RN)
Proof of unencumbered RN licensure.
Graduation from an associate degree or diploma RN state approved program of nursing or a program professionally accredited by NLNAC or CCNE.
Resume
Matriculation Date
The matriculation date is the desired initial enrollment date. Students indicate on the application their intended start date. If a student wishes to defer the matriculation date, a written request for a change of admission must be submitted to the Admissions Office. Due to the competitiveness of some programs, a change of admission may be denied and a student may be required to re-apply.
Non-Degree Seeking Admission and Enrollment
Students may enroll at Nebraska Methodist College for purposes of personal enrichment, professional growth or transfer to another institution. Students are required to complete the Non-Degree Application and submit appropriate application and enrollment fees. Non-degree seeking students may enroll in a course on a space-available basis. Permission of the administrator directly responsible for the course is required. The registration process and payment of fees are completed prior to enrollment in a course as a non-degree seeking student. Non-degree seeking students are not eligible for financial aid. A student wishing to transfer to degree-seeking status must submit a formal application to the College. An application to a degree program may be submitted at any time, but must meet application deadlines. Up to nine (9) semester credits earned as a non-degree seeking student may be applied toward a degree. The Admissions Office can provide details regarding moving to degree-seeking status.
Re-Admission of Former Students
A student who withdraws from the College and returns within one year must have a Leave of Absence/Withdrawal Request Form requesting a leave of absence on file with the Office of the Registrar. If this form was not submitted, or if the student has not been in attendance longer than one year, the student must reapply to the College. A student will be subject to the policies and curriculum in effect at the time of readmission.
Re-Admission of Service Members Policy
A student who is called to active duty in the United States Armed Forces (including the National Guard or Reserve) for a period of more than 30 days is entitled to reenroll at Nebraska Methodist College, providing the following conditions are met: The student gives advance written notice of the call to active duty or, upon seeking readmission, submits written verification that such service was performed, necessitating their absence.Both the advance notice of the call to active duty and verification of service performed should be submitted to the NMC Director of Registration and Records;The cumulative length of the student's absence from NMC because of active duty service does not exceed five years;The student submits a notification of intent to reenroll within three years after the completion of service or within two years after recovery from an illness or injury incurred during the service; andThe separation from service was not a dishonorable or bad conduct discharge.Institutional determination of a student's preparedness to be readmitted with the same academic status will be made on a case-by-case basis. Should Nebraska Methodist College determine that the student is not prepared to be readmitted with the same academic status, the College will make reasonable efforts, at no cost to the student, to help the student become prepared (e.g., refresher courses).
During the first academic year, the student will be assessed the same tuition and fee charges that were in effect during the academic year he/she left Nebraska Methodist College. Veteran or other service member education benefits may be considered as well.
Request to Waive Admission Application Fee
The College will waive the $25 admission application fee for individuals who are supported by or participating in an agency or program that seeks to guide first-generation, prospective students to post-secondary education. An applicant must provide written requests from the agency/program to validate their eligibility and participation for support and services.
Retention of Records
In compliance with federal regulations the following retention of records is required.
One year for received application materials.
Three years for students who apply for admission and do not matriculate.
Transfer Credit Policy
The College is committed to working with potential students to maximize transfer credit. The Admissions Office can provide an initial evaluation during the application process. Applicants granted admission will have an official evaluation completed by the Registrar's Office. Credit for courses taken elsewhere may be accepted for transfer from another college provided:
Course credits are listed on the official, electronically verified or raised-seal transcript mailed to the College from the former institution.
The educational institution is accredited by a regional accrediting body and, where applicable, the program is approved by the state and is accredited by professional organizations.
Course is determined to be comparable to one required in the curriculum or is considered to be appropriate as an elective.
Grade of "C -" or better is achieved at the certificate and undergraduate levels and a grade of "B" or better at the graduate level.
Grades earned in transfer courses will not be used in determining the student's cumulative grade point average, unless the student has already matriculated and has been given permission to enroll at another institution. All courses accepted for transfer will be noted on the transcript. Such transfer courses will be included in the total number of hours passed.
Undergraduate Admission Criteria
Admission to a degree program at NMC is a selective process. All aspects of a student's record are evaluated in making an admission decision, with an emphasis placed on a student's academic success and potential. All components of the application must be submitted before an application will be reviewed. Official transcripts must contain evidence of good standing from the last school attended.  Final selection of applicants to be admitted shall be made by the College, which reserves the right to deny admission to any applicant for any lawful reason.
NMC does not obligate itself to admit all students who meet the minimum admission criteria. Qualified students are admitted in compliance with federal and state non-discrimination laws. In compliance with Section 504 of the Federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, NMC endeavors to provide qualified students equal access to the College's educational opportunities, facilities, programs and activities.Applicants are evaluated on the basis of the following criteria:
High school record (minimum unweighted cumulative GPA of 2.5)
ACT/SAT exam scores (ACT Composite of 20 or higher or SAT combined score of 950 or higher)
College record (evidence of good standing from most current school)
Written statement
Success in prior Math and Science courses
Program technical standards
Shadowing experience as recommended by program
Refer to the program webpage for the most current program requirements and recommendations.
Application Process
To be considered for admission to an undergraduate degree program, an applicant must provide and complete all of the following items:
NMC application.
$25 non-refundable application fee.
Written statement.
An official high school transcript.
If appropriate, official GED test scores.
ACT/SAT exam scores required for all applicants within two years of high school graduation.
Official transcripts from all colleges attended.
Program/Career Awareness Questionnaire.
Homeschooled Applicants
Completion of application items listed above.
Home school educational transcript.
ACT/SAT exam scores are required for all applicants within two years of home school completion.
Exempt status notice (copy of letter signed by the Commissioner of Education "acknowledging" choice to receive exempt status).
Students with home school completion of more than two years and no results of ACT or SAT are required to show success in a minimum of 12 college credit hours.
When to Apply
Application for admission should be made several months in advance of an applicant's intended enrollment date. Application deadlines vary by program and are listed under the academic programs pages.
Academic Policies
The Vice President for Academic Affairs (VPAA) is the official representative of the College in matters pertaining to the scholastic life of the student body. Regulations made by the VPAA in addition to, in abrogation of, or in interpretation of the following regulations have the same force as the regulations themselves.
In case of discrepancy between the College catalog and other publications or academic information provided by any faculty or staff member other than the VPAA, the catalog takes precedence.
The College reserves the right to terminate or modify program requirements, content and sequence of courses, and program offerings. Students withdrawing from the College completely for a period of one calendar year or more are bound by the catalog in effect when they re-enter.
It is the responsibility of each student to be acquainted with all requirements for his or her degree program and to assume responsibility for meeting those requirements. In case of ambiguity, discrepancy or disagreement, the regulations and requirements stated here and any subsequent modifications or interpretations by the Vice President for Academic Affairs will prevail.
In many situations related to academic issues, the Vice President for Academic Affairs has delegated decision-making authority to the Council of Academic Deans. The Council of Academic Deans is comprised of the Deans of Nursing, Health Professions, Arts & Sciences and Professional Development. The Council of Academic Deans is authorized to make decisions for the Vice President for Academic Affairs, with the same authority as the Vice President for Academic Affairs. The Vice President for Academic Affairs retains the right to rescind the authority of the Council of Academic Deans at any time.
To file a report of a potential Academic Integrity violation, please click here.
If you have a Student Academic Concern, please click here. Student Academic Concerns cover grade disputes and/or a decision perceived to be arbitrary, capricious, or applied unequally and impacts one's academic progression.
For all other Compliment, Concerns or Comments, please click here.
expand all \
collapse all
Academic Calendar, Holidays and Recesses
Students should be advised that the Academic Calendar may vary among programs and ground versus online courses. The on campus and online academic calendars are posted to the College website. Calendars for specific academic programs can be obtained from the respective Program Director or Dean.
Students of all races, cultures and heritages bring to the College a rich and valuable perspective. We welcome the attendance of all students and will endeavor to be supportive of various faiths and practices. Although the designated holidays for the College are New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day, we expect that students of various faiths will request excused absences for other religious holidays. Please direct requests to the instructor. Refer to the Academic Calendar for specific recess periods.
See the Academic Calendar
Academic Concerns Resolution Policy
Academic Concerns Resolution Policy PDF
Academic Enrollment Status
Student enrollment status at the college is classified as active or inactive.
Active Status
Active students are:Certificate (Medical Assistant) Students:
Full-time when enrolled in a minimum of 240 clock hours per term.
Part-time when enrolled in fewer than 240 clock hours per term.
Undergraduate Students (not including accelerated BSN students):
Full-time when enrolled in a minimum of 12 credit hours per semester.
Part-time when enrolled in fewer than 12 credit hours per semester.
Undergraduate Acclerated BSN Students:
Graduate Students:
Full-time when enrolled in a minimum of six credit hours per semester.
Part-time when enrolled in fewer than six credit hours per semester.
Inactive Status
Students are classified as inactive when they do not register for and enroll in at least one course per semester.
Updated: July 2013
Academic Honors
Honor Roll
Upon completion of a term, all certificate students earning a grade point average of 3.75 or above will be listed.
Dean's List
All full-time undergraduate students earning a semester grade point average of 3.75 or above will be listed. Students with an incomplete on their semester grade report are not eligible for the list.
Graduation Honors
Graduates with an Associate Degree or a Certificate in Medical Assistant will be awarded honors based on cumulative grade point averages as follows:
Highest Distinction
3.87 - or above
Distinction
3.64 - 3.86
Honorable Mention
3.50 - 3.63
Graduates with a Baccalaureate Degree will be awarded honors based on cumulative grade point averages as follows:
Summa Cum Laude
3.87 - or above
Magna Cum Laude
3.64 - 3.86
Cum Laude
3.50 - 3.63
Graduates who complete exemplary portfolio and portfolio presentation will be enrolled in the Educated Citizen Honor Society.
Updated: July 2013
Academic Integrity
Academic Integrity Policy PDF
Academic Progression
All programs at NMC require that satisfactory progression be made during the student's academic career. Students who experience difficulties are notified through the various mechanisms as described below. Unsatisfactory performance can have serious consequences for the student, both in relation to the program in which the student is enrolled as well as the student's standing at the College.
Each semester, the Registrar reviews the academic performance of all students at the College, and identifies students whose academic performance is unsatisfactory. The Registrar notifies students of changes to student status relative to the College by letter, sending copies of the letter to the Program Director, Advisor, Financial Aid Director, and Dean of Students.
Cohort Programs
Accelerated Nursing, Medical Assistant, Sonography, Radiography, Respiratory Care, Surgical Technology, and Physical Therapist Assistant are cohort programs, meaning that the programs are designed to be completed by the student in a lockstep fashion from beginning to end, according to a preset schedule. Satisfactory progression with the cohort is necessary to maintain one's position in the clinical portion of the program because of limited clinical availability.
When a student fails a professional course or professional course prerequisite in the Respiratory Care program, the student cannot progress in the program until the course is successfully repeated. Because most professional/technical courses are only offered once per year, students are advised that progression may be delayed by as much as one year. Furthermore, when a student is unable to progress with their cohort, they forfeit their clinical position. Therefore, enrollment in subsequent clinical courses will be determined by clinical space availability. Students who fail any course in the Medical Assistant program cannot progress with their cohort. Refer to the specific program handbook for additional related policies.
If a student enrolled in the Sonography, Surgical Technology, Radiologic Technology or Physical Therapist Assistant program fails to progress within the professional curriculum (including all pre-requisite courses), the student will be dismissed from the program and will be eligible to apply for readmission into a subsequent cohort, but readmission is not guaranteed. Exceptions based on extenuating circumstances will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
If an accelerated nursing student fails to progress within the professional curriculum, the student may be eligible to apply to transfer to the traditional nursing program, but admission is not guaranteed.
Competency Assurance Following Absence
When a student returns to the College after being on a leave of absence, or following a disruption in academic progression within the professional/technical portion of their program, the student must contact the Academic Advisor who will work with the student and Program Director on a registration plan to ensure the student has the knowledge, competency and skills needed to resume professional course work within the student's program. The plan may include assessments, skills checks, reviews and/or bridge course work to ensure that their knowledge and skills in the technical/professional courses are current and proficient.
Academic Probation
Undergraduate Students: All students are expected to maintain satisfactory academic progress while enrolled at the College. Academic progress is considered unsatisfactory if the student fails to maintain at least a 2.0 cumulative GPA, or if the student earns a GPA of less than 2.0 while enrolled in at least six credit hours in any given semester. Students who have unsatisfactory academic progress are placed on academic probation. When a student is placed on academic probation, an Academic Development Plan will be established. Refer to Academic Development Plan policy.
Academic Suspension
Medical Assistant Program: Students who fail to complete all coursework with a grade of 70 or above will be suspended. An Academic Development Plan will be established to articulate requirements that must be completed before the student can make the request for reinstatement to the College. Reinstatement to the College after suspension is not automatic. The request for reinstatement must be in writing to the Academic Dean and be accompanied by evidence of completion of the Academic Development Plan. Refer to Academic Development Plan policy. Assuming successful completion of the Academic Development Plan and subsequent reinstatement to the College, the student will be allowed to reenter the program as a member of the next available class.
Undergraduate Students: A student will be suspended if placed on academic probation for two consecutive semesters, if placed on academic probation three or more times or if an unsatisfactory grade (below "C") is received in the same course twice. Individual programs may also have additional circumstances that warrant suspension and are valid as approved by the Vice President for Academic Affairs. Upon suspension, a student is required to meet with his or her advisor and initiate an Academic Development Plan as dictated in the section below.
The length of suspension will be determined by the Academic Dean after consultation with the student's advisor and Program Director. Reinstatement to the College after suspension is not automatic. After the time of suspension has elapsed, the student may request reinstatement to the College. The request must be in writing directed to the Council of Academic Deans and will be accompanied by evidence of completion of the Academic Development Plan. To maximize the chance of reinstatement the student should strictly adhere to the Academic Development Plan, although completion of the plan is not the sole determinant of reinstatement. The Council will forward a recommendation to the VPAA for final decision.
If a student feels that extenuating circumstances contributed to the suspension, the student may appeal the suspension to the Council of Academic Deans. The student must submit a written appeal to the members of the Council of Academic Deans within thirty days from the date of suspension and should include any supporting evidence as well as a detailed plan for academic improvement. The decision of the Council is final.
Academic Dismissal
A student may be dismissed from a program and/or the College as separate actions.
Dismissal (from the College) is considered a permanent action, although appeals for readmission in exceptional circumstances will be considered. Upon dismissal, all official ties to the college are terminated, including email, ID card access, and access to campus spaces. Former students wishing to access campus personnel or spaces must check in with the front desk before doing so to obtain proper permission.
A student who is dismissed from a program should refer to the Program Student Handbook and meet with the Retention Specialist to explore viable alternatives at the College.
Certificate and Undergraduate Students: Students suspended more than once will be dismissed from the College.
Graduate Students in the MBH, MOT, MSN, DNP and Wellness & Health Promotion Management Programs: Receipt of a second course grade below "B" will result in dismissal from the College. If a student feels that extenuating circumstances contributed to the second course failure/dismissal, the student may appeal the terms of dismissal to the Council of Academic Deans and request reinstatement. The student must submit a written appeal to the members of the Council of Academic Deans within thirty (30) days from the date of dismissal and should include any supporting evidence as well as a detailed plan for academic improvement. The Council of Academic Deans will forward a recommendation to the VPAA for a final decision.Graduate Students in the Healthcare Operations Management Program: Graduate students enrolled in the Healthcare Operations Management Program may not receive more than two final course grades below "B" during their enrollment in an NMC graduate program. A third unsatisfactory grade (below "B") will result in dismissal from the College. If a student feels that extenuating circumstances contributed to the third course failure/dismissal, the student may appeal the terms of dismissal to the Council of Academic Deans and request reinstatement. The student must submit a written appeal to the members of the Council of Academic Deans within thirty (30) days from the date of dismissal and should include any supporting evidence as well as a detailed plan for academic improvement. The Council of Academic Deans will forward a recommendation to the VPAA for a final decision.
Updated: May 2017
Attendance and Course Participation Policy
Students are expected to be prompt and attend all classes and clinical/practicum experiences in their entirety. Instructor expectations for attendance will be made available to the students in writing via the course syllabus during the first week of class. Extenuating circumstances will be dealt with on an individual basis.
Online Course Participation Policy
Regular and substantive interaction between students and faculty in distance education programs is required by the US Department of Education.
Students must demonstrate activity in the course within 48 hours of the course start date.  All courses begin Monday at 12:01 AM Central Standard Time, therefore the 48 hour period during which activity must be initiated ends at 11:59 PM Tuesday Central Standard Time.  For financial aid purposes, any activity prior to the actual course start date will not be considered as demonstrated activity.
Activity must be demonstrated by logging into the course and completing one or more of the following academically related activities:
downloading or viewing the syllabus,
reviewing course material,
submitting an assignment,
taking a quiz or exam,
participating in an online discussion related to the course content,
initiating contact with the faculty to ask a question about the academic subject studied in the course.
Students who feel they are unable to complete the course or have decided to drop the course  must initiate the official drop process by contacting their advisor within the 48 hour period (as described above) to be eligible for full tuition refund.  A course dropped within the first 48 hours does not show on the student's academic transcript.
Students who do not drop the course and do not demonstrate activity in the prescribed period of time will be administratively withdrawn from the course on the Friday of the first week. The student will be ineligible to receive financial aid for the course and will receive a grade of "W" for the course on his/her academic transcript.
Students who initiate attendance during the first 48 hours of the course may withdraw from the course with a "W" if the withdrawal date is on or before 55% of course completion. After this date students will receive a grade of "W/F".
Students who initiate attendance during the first 48 hours but later fail to participate in the course for 14 consecutive days will be considered to have withdrawn for financial aid purposes, though they may still receive a grade of "F" for the course.  The faculty is not required to administratively drop a student in this situation.
Student eligibility for financial aid will be based on the above criteria.  Financial aid recipients should review the financial aid policies related to Refunds & Withdrawals, Treatment of Aid When a Student Withdraws, and the Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy for further information on the consequences of dropping/withdrawing from a course or failing to initiate or maintain participation in a course.
On-Ground Students Procedure
The SAP policies meet the federal regulatory requirements specified in 34 CFR 668.34, and the same policies are used to determine state grant eligibility.  The faculty will address all non-attendance with the student and complete a Maxient incident report form that will be sent to Dean of Students and Financial Aid.
Online Students Procedure
NMC has adopted a policy for online course participation & attendance (see above).
Dean of Students will send an email to all online faculty by 9 a.m. Tuesday (after the start of the course) requesting faculty to submit a Maxient incident report form for students who have not actively participated in the course by 9 a.m. Wednesday (definition of active participation above).
The Dean of Students will forward the names to the students' academic advisor(s) and to the director of financial aid.
The academic advisor will attempt to contact the student.
The Financial Aid Office will review each student's financial aid eligibility and make any necessary changes as required by federal regulation, state guidelines and/or institutional policies.
Advisors will follow up with students, make schedule changes if necessary and communicate student progression changes or issues to Program Directors. Advisors will document all correspondence in EX.
Updated: February 2016
Background Investigation Policy
The purpose of this policy is to assure the safety and well-being of patients, students, faculty and staff in the clinical and academic environments and to attest to clinical agencies the students' eligibility to participate in clinical activities. This policy applies to all undergraduate and graduate students, on-ground or online, enrolled in a program of study that has a clinical component. Read the full policy by clicking on the link below.
Updated: July 2013
Background Investigation
Course and Grading Policies
Grading Policy
To ensure consistent awarding of course grades throughout the College, the grading system is as follows:
Symbol
Quality Points
Percentages
A+
4.0
96-100
A
4.0
90-95
B+
3.5
86-89
B
3.0
80-85
C+
2.5
76-79
C
2.0
70-75
D
1.0
60-69
F
0.0
<60
WF
0.0 (withdrawal after deadline)
CR
Credit
*
NC
No Credit
*
S
Satisfactory (must be equivalent to a grade "C" or better)
*
U
Unsatisfactory
*
I
Incomplete
*
AU
Audit
*
W
Withdrew
*
WIP
Work in Progress
*
WX
Administrative/Medical Withdrawal
*
*Not used in calculating grade point averages.  Every undergraduate course uses the "70" mark as the minimum grade required for passing the course as a whole. However, certain assignments within a course may carry additional requirements that are more stringent (e.g., a required minimum '75' on all tests), and are determined at the discretion of the instructor. Students must meet all requirements of the course at the level determined by the instructor in order to successfully complete the course.
Certificate and Undergraduate Students: A grade of unsatisfactory or a letter grade less than "C-" in any course is unacceptable and must be repeated. See specific course grading policies in program handbooks.
Graduate Students: A minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 is required for graduation. A grade below "B" in any course triggers an automatic progression review by the program. A student receiving a course grade of "C" for the first time will receive credit for the course*. A grade below "B" in two courses is unacceptable and results in dismissal from the college. All required coursework for a Master's degree must be completed within six calendar years from the program matriculation date.
*In the MSN program, any grade below "B" for NRS 523, NRS 524, NRS 558, NRS 559, NRS 568, NRS 569, NRS 592, or NRS 594 is unacceptable, and results in the student having to retake the course.
Cumulative Grade Point Average
Cumulative grade point average (CGPA) is computed based on final course grades. The CGPA is not affected by "S", "U", "AU", "CR", "NC", "NR", "I", "W", "WX". When a student repeats a course, the better grade will be computed in the CGPA. Both grades will appear on the official transcript. Each letter grade equals the quality points per credit hour as shown above.
AU = Audit
CR = Credit
I = Incomplete
NC = No Credit
NR = Not Reported
S = Satisfactory
U = Unsatisfactory
W = Withdrew
WX = Administrative/Medical Withdrawal
The Registrar will compute the cumulative grade point average (CGPA) based on quality points and credit hours earned for courses completed after matriculation to this campus. Only courses in which quality points are assigned are computed in the CGPA. The CGPA is computed by dividing total quality points earned by total credit hours attempted in didactic class work.Course Incomplete
An "I" is given to a student who has substantially completed a course, but who as a result of serious illness or other justifiable cause cannot complete all requirements of the course by the end of the term. The "I" is not granted to a student who has been excessively absent during the term or who has simply failed to complete the work of the course before the end of the term without an exceptionally good reason. The student faced with extenuating circumstances that prevents satisfying course requirements according to the established schedule must contact the faculty in the course. The faculty reviews the situation and agrees or disagrees with the student request. If a faculty member agrees, the student and the faculty member will complete and endorse an Incomplete Approval Form (available from the Registrar) detailing the requirements and plan for completion of the course. This agreement will specify the final grade to be assigned if course work is not completed by the deadline specified. The faculty member will forward the agreement to the appropriate Academic Dean for final approval. Upon approval, the faculty member will provide the student and Registrar with a copy of the Incomplete Approval Form.
The responsibility for completing all coursework rests with the student. The maximum time allowed for clearing a grade of "I" is one year from the START of the course. If, after one year, the student has not completed the necessary requirements to finish the course, the instructor will assign the final grade as agreed to in the Incomplete Approval Form. The student must be passing the course at the time of the request for the incomplete. Completion of the course material should be done within a month of the last day of class if at all possible. When the course is completed, a Change of Grade Notice must be filed.
Change of Course Grade
A permanently recorded grade may be changed by the person(s) who assigned it or, in case of change of personnel, by the appropriate Academic Dean.
If a student believes a grade is recorded incorrectly, it is the responsibility of the student to notify the course faculty within 30 days of receipt of the grade report from the Registrar. If a change in personnel has occurred, the appropriate Academic Dean is to be contacted. Evidence should be reviewed. If a grade change is indicated, a Change of Grade Notice is initiated by the faculty member, forwarded for appropriate signatures and then entered in the student's permanent record by the Registrar. The Registrar replaces the course grade with the corrected grade.
Repeating Courses
When certificate or undergraduate students have an unsuccessful academic experience resulting in a final course grade of "D" or "F," students may be allowed to repeat the course depending on the progression policy of the program. However, the initial grade remains on the official transcript. If a student is granted special permission to repeat a course at an institution other than NMC, that course repeat will be calculated into the student's semester grade point average and cumulative grade point average, and probation/suspension/dismissal policies will apply if the student is not successful. The student is responsible for having official transcripts forwarded to the Registrar within thirty (30) days of course completion. Graduate students should refer to "Grading Policy."
When a course is failed, the student must meet with his/her Academic Advisor to facilitate a written Academic Development Plan. The Academic Advisor will consult with faculty and Student Services personnel as appropriate. Refer to the Academic Development Plan Policy below.
The plan must be implemented prior to the student's re-enrollment in the course. Re-enrollment in the course is on a space-available basis and the student must wait until general registration to register for the course to be repeated.
Academic Development Plan
The academic advisor will contact the student to initiate the Academic Development Plan (ADP) for any student who fails a course or is placed on academic probation. Students placed on academic suspension are required to initiate the creation of the ADP by contacting their academic advisor. Failure to maintain an active ADP once it is established may negatively impact financial and/ or result in dismissal from the college.
The academic advisor or appropriate college personnel will facilitate the development of the ADP and may consult with faculty, college personnel or agents of the college (such as clinical instructors/preceptors). Copies of the ADP will be provided to the student, the academic advisor and the program director, and will be placed in the student's academic advising file. Each student's ADP will be reevaluated according to the timetable established in the plan at a minimum, but also as needed based on student needs or changes in performance. The Financial Aid Office will be notified of student failure to meet the terms of the ADP in the established time frame who will notify the student of any changes to their financial aid status. In addition, students may end up on financial aid suspension due to withdrawing from courses rather than failing them. If students choose to appeal financial aid suspension, they must contact their academic advisor to initiate the ADP. The ADP must be submitted with the letter of appeal for consideration of reinstatement of financial aid.
Updated: July 2015
Course/Program Changes/Withdrawals
Change of Program
Should students choose to change their programs, they should meet with their academic advisor to initiate the admissions process. Admission into another program is not guaranteed. Student applicants must complete the admissions process and are subject to the evaluative criteria for that program.
Course Add/Drop
A course may be dropped or added during the first week of a course for full-length semester courses and during the first two days for summer and shorter-term online courses. Courses dropped during this period will not be reflected on the student's transcript. Students must meet with their academic advisors to complete a course schedule change form. This form is submitted to the Registrar's Office.
Courses dropped after the first week of classes for each semester or after the second day for summer courses are considered withdrawals. Refer to "Withdrawal from a Course" below.
Withdrawals
Course Withdrawal
The student must see his or her academic advisor when it is necessary to withdraw from a course and must file an official withdrawal form with the Registrar. If a student is withdrawing from all courses, the student must follow the College policy for Withdrawal from College. Student responsibility for tuition, fees, etc., still owed is determined by the Tuition Refund policy.
If a student officially withdraws from a class prior to 55% of the course being completed, the student's record will be marked as a withdrawal, "W." After this point, if a student drops or withdraws from a course, a grade of "WF" will be recorded. If the student officially withdraws from the course by the end of the semester Add/Drop deadline as published by the Registrar (usually within the first week of classes), no record of the course will appear on the student's transcript.
If a student withdraws from a course, which is designated as a co-requisite for another course in which the student is enrolled, withdrawal from such course(s) may also be required. Exceptions can be made in unusual circumstances, but will require the approval of the relevant Academic Dean(s) responsible for the courses affected.
If a student is withdrawing from a NMC course offered through the OCICU consortium, different rules and fees for withdrawal apply. Substantial fees for OCICU courses are incurred if a student drops any later than the first week of class, and are the sole responsibility of the student.
Under extenuating circumstances, deadlines applying to withdrawal may be waived by the appropriate Academic Dean or the Vice President for Academic Affairs.
College Withdrawal
A student considering withdrawal from the College should make an appointment with the appropriate academic advisor to discuss options before withdrawal, as a student who has officially withdrawn from the College must reapply for admission upon returning. When the decision to withdraw has been made, the student obtains a Leave of Absence/Withdrawal Request Form from the Office of the Registrar and completes the withdrawal section of the form. The form is then returned to the Registrar for processing.
It is considered an unofficial withdrawal from the College if a student does not submit a request to withdraw but stops attending all classes or does not re-register for the upcoming fall or spring semester.
All College property, including the student ID card, must be returned to the College before withdrawal is complete. The student must also make arrangements to fulfill any financial obligations before withdrawing.
Leave of Absence
Students who wish to take an approved leave of absence (LOA) from the College must submit a Leave of Absence/Withdrawal Request Form requesting an LOA to the student's academic advisor.  The academic advisor will submit the signed Leave of Absence/Withdrawal Request Form to the Office of the Registrar.  Students may take a LOA for the following reasons:  medical/health issues; financial difficulties; family obligations; and/or personal issues.  A student must submit the Leave of Absence/Withdrawal Request Form to the student's academic advisor if she/he will not take coursework during a fall or spring semester, or longer, but plans to return to the College within one year.
International students must make an appointment with the College PDSO or DSO to discuss LOA procedures and maintenance of proper U.S. Immigration status in accordance with federal regulations before requesting a LOA.
Online students in the Nurse Faculty Loan Program (NFLP), i.e. MSN-Educator and DNP, must complete a Leave of Absence/Withdrawal Request Form requesting a LOA for any term(s) they are not enrolled in courses.  This includes the situation when the student is skipping summer courses, but will enroll in fall courses.
Students returning from an approved LOA must submit notification of intent to return to the student's academic advisor no later than one month prior to the start of the semester in which they intend to return.  The student's academic advisor will notify the Office of the Registrar of the student's return.  Students are required to register for courses upon returning from a LOA. Re-enrollment in course work will be based on space available. Registration in "bridge course work" may be required of the student. Depending on the program, additional requirements may apply.  Refer to individual program handbooks for more information.
Students returning from a medical/health LOA must provide documentation from NMC Campus Health or the student's personal healthcare provider releasing the student to normal academic and clinical activities and must specify any restrictions.
Students wishing to return from an unapproved LOA are required to reapply for admission to the College. Students returning after any LOA lasting longer than one year, are also required to reapply for admission to the College.
Transcripts and Maintenance of Student Records
Transcripts will be issued only upon written request of the student. The student submits a Transcript Request Form to the Registrar, who will then verify with the Business Office that the student's account is current, as the student must be in good standing with the College for a transcript to be issued. If the student account is current, the Registrar will process the request. The College is not responsible for loss of transcripts due to incorrect or insufficient addresses.
Faculty are responsible for maintaining complete and accurate records of students enrolled in their course(s), electronically when possible. Faculty are to submit the grade records for all classes taught to the appropriate administrator upon termination of employment or when requested. Support documentation of student performance over and above assigned grades (i.e., submitted papers, projects, copies of tests) must be maintained at least 45 days from issuance of final course grade before being destroyed.
Student records will be maintained by the Office of the Registrar in accordance with guidelines provided by the American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers, as official student records provide documentation of the student's progress through a program of study. Upon a student's matriculation into the College, student records are forwarded from the Office of Admissions to the Office of the Registrar. Academic records for current students will be kept up to date, stored in the Office of the Registrar, and will contain the following items as applicable:
College transcript(s)
High School transcript(s)
GED transcript
Application
ACT/SAT report
Any applicable correspondence (e.g., letters of acceptance to the College)
Background check records
Upon graduation from any graduate program or four-year program of study, the following items will be maintained for five (5) years as applicable:
Application
High School transcript(s)
Other college transcript(s)
GED transcript
Degree Audit
Upon graduation from any certificate or associate degree program of study, the entire student record is maintained for five years in the event the student should return to engage in a four-year program of study. When a student withdraws from the College, the entire student record is maintained for a period of five years.
Five years after a student graduates or withdraws, the contents of the student record will be destroyed, except for the final NMC transcript and any items required by FERPA to be kept permanently. Academic departments may also maintain permanent records as dictated by accrediting entities.
Military Commitments
Nebraska Methodist College recognizes the valuable contributions of the service men and women who are also students at the institution. NMC is dedicated to assisting these students in the successful completion of their programs of study and fulfillment of their service to our country.
Updated: March 2017
Course/Program Changes/Withdrawals Policy (PDF Download)
Credit for Prior Learning
Credit for Prior Learning Policy
Credit Hour Definition
Rationale:
The Department of Education requires that all institutions comply with the definition of the credit hour as provided in section 34 CFR 600.2 (11/1/2010), which defines the credit hour as:
A credit hour is an amount of work represented in intended learning outcomes and verified by evidence of student achievement that is an institutionally established equivalency that reasonably approximates not less than:
(1)  One hour of classroom or direct faculty instruction and a minimum of two hours of out-of-class student work each week for approximately fifteen weeks for one semester or trimester hour of credit, or ten to twelve weeks for one quarter hour of credit, or the equivalent amount of work over a different amount of time;
(2)  At least an equivalent amount of work as required in paragraph (1) of this definition for other academic activities as established by the institution, including laboratory work, internships, practica, studio work, and other academic work leading to the award of credit hours.
Compliance Statement:
To comply with 34 CFR 600.2 definition of credit hour, the College, with the foundation of the "Carnegie Unit", calculates credit hour as demonstrated in Table 1 below. While the length of a course may vary, the Carnegie definition is used to calculate the equivalency. Thus, a unit of credit equates to a minimum of three hours of student work per week (1 hour lecture plus 2 hours of homework) for 15 weeks. In certain circumstances, it is possible to have more hours, but not less. A unit of credit equates to 3 hours of lab. Clinical hours are based on programmatic accreditation standards.
Table 1
Course Type
Unit Value (Cr. Hr.)
Lecture Hours per Week
Student Homework Hours per Week
Totals for Course Design(Lecture & Homework)
Lecture
1
1 hour in class
2 hours homework
3 hours minimum/week
45 hours
Lecture
2
2 hours in class
4 hours homework
6 hours minimum/week
90 hours
Lecture
3
3 hours in class
6 hours homework
9 hours minimum/week
135 hours
Alternative Format Courses
Lecture Courses:
Alternative format lecture courses are prorated so they contain the same number of hours as if the course were scheduled for a full 15 weeks. Table 2 below provides examples of calculated credit hours for alternative format lecture courses in accordance with the compliance statement above irrespective of whether a course is delivered on-ground, hybrid, or online.
Laboratory Courses:
For laboratory courses, one unit value is equal to 4.5 contact hours minimum per laboratory course. However, contact in labs may vary where pre-lab and assigned projects/experiments happen outside of the scheduled lab time.  Table 3 below provides examples of calculated credit hours for laboratory courses.
Clinical or Fieldwork Experiences:
Clinical or fieldwork hours are based on programmatic accreditation standards.
Table 2
NMC Course Type
Unit Value (Cr. Hr.)
Carnegie Totals(Min. Contact Hrs. per Course)
15 Week Course(Min. Contact Hrs. per Week)
10 Week Course(Min. Contact Hrs. per Week)
8 Week Course(Min. Contact Hrs. per Week)
5 Week Course(Min. Contact Hrs. per Week)
4 Week Course(Min. Contact Hrs. per Week)
Lecture
1
45
3
4.5
5.6
9
11.25
Lecture
2
90
6
9
11.3
18
22.5
Lecture
3
135
9
13.5
16.9
27
33.75
Table 3
NMC Course Type
Unit Value(Cr. Hr.)
Carnegie Totals (Min. Contact Hrs. per Course)
15 Week Course(Min. Contact Hrs. per Week)
10 Week Course(Min. Contact Hrs. per Week)
8 Week Course(Min. Contact Hrs. per Week)
5 Week Course(Min. Contact Hrs. per week)
Lab
1
67.5
4.5
6.75
8.44
13.5
Lab
2
135
9
13.5
16.9
27
Lab
3
202.5
13.5
20.25
25.31
40.5
Updated: July 2017
Credit Hour Definition Policy (PDF Download)
Credit to Clock Hour Conversion
Rationale:
Non-degree programs subject to clock hour requirements (an institution is required to measure student progress for federal or state purposes or for graduates to apply for licensure) are not subject to the credit hour definitions per se, but will need to provide conversions to semester or quarter hours for Title IV purposes.
For these institutions, Federal Regulation (34 CFR 668.8) require that a semester hour must include at least 37.5 clock hours of instruction. A quarter hour must include at least 25 hours of instruction.
Compliance Statement:
To comply with Federal Regulation (34 CFR 668.8), Federal Formula for Minimum Number of Clock Hours of Instruction, Nebraska Methodist College calculates credit to clock hour using the standard formula of one (1) semester credit equals a minimum of 37.5 clock hours. One (1) quarter hour of semester credit equals a minimum of 25 clock hours of instruction. If the credit hour conversion numbers are less than the federal formula, specific details will be provided in each course syllabus regarding additional activities outside of class to obtain the minimum number.
Updated: February 2016
Credit to Clock Hour Conversion Policy
Drug Screening Policy
The purpose of this policy is to provide a safe working and learning environment for patients, students, clinical and institutional staff and property in the clinical programs of Nebraska Methodist College. Healthcare accreditation organizations mandate that hospitals and other healthcare agencies require students who participate in the care of patients be subject to the same standards as their employees. Accordingly, submitting a negative urine drug screen is a condition for participation in the clinical component of all programs.
Applicability and timing
For all programs, submitting a negative drug screen will be a requirement prior to the start of clinical courses. Testing is done through the NMC Campus Health Center. Repeat testing may also be required for cause or to retest a dilute sample. Failure of the drug test, tampering or attempting to tamper with a specimen, or refusal to cooperate with any aspect of this policy, or any health system policy on substance abuse, will result in disciplinary action up to and including dismissal, refusal of enrollment or denial of clinical course progression.
Cost
The student shall be responsible for paying any and all associated costs of urine drug screening including necessary retesting for any reason. Charges will be added to the students' account.
Use and care of information
Test results will be kept confidential with disclosure of results provided only to approved persons involved in evaluating qualifications for clinical programs. Because of the mandate to comply with health system policies, disciplinary actions against students may be imposed without the customary mechanisms of academic warning and probation. Any records generated by an adverse sanction levied against a student's   will be considered College property, and will not be provided to the student unless requested.. All student drug screening records will be kept in confidential in Student Development Services for at least ten (10) years.
Updated: July 2013
Graduation Requirements
NMC retains the exclusive right to judge academic proficiency and may decline to award any degree, certificate or other evidence of successful completion of a program, curriculum or course of study based thereupon. All College and Program requirements must be satisfied prior to commencement in order to participate in the ceremony.
Certificate Programs
Successful completion of Certificate Programs includes student compliance with program and College policies. Students must also satisfy all classroom, laboratory, clinical, and examination requirements. Students must also complete appropriate clinical requirements.
Undergraduate
Undergraduate study comprises two areas: arts and sciences and professional/technical education requirements. Students are expected to assume responsibility for understanding the requirements of the program and for seeking appropriate assistance to do so. Students must complete the arts and sciences and professional education requirements described in the program section of this catalog.
Students should expect to fulfill the requirements for the program under which the initial enrollment occurred. However, students taking longer than six (6) academic years to meet the requirements of a baccalaureate or three (3) academic years of an associate program of study may be required to meet curriculum changes and/or modifications regardless of the coursework previously completed.
Graduation is dependent upon a student attaining a "C" (2.0) minimum cumulative grade point average for the required course of study. A minimum grade of "C" (2.0) must be attained for each course. Additionally, the student must satisfactorily complete all requirements for the Student Portfolio Assessment in order to graduate.
The minimum credit hours required per program are as follows:
ProgramAS Diagnostic Medical Sonography - MultispecialtyAS Diagnostic Medical Sonography - CardiovascularAS Health StudiesAS Physical Therapist AssistantAS Radiologic TechnologyAS Respiratory CareAS Surgical TechnologyBSN NursingBSN Accelerated NursingBS Health StudiesBS Healthcare AdministrationBS Respiratory CareBS Imaging SciencesBS Women's Medical Imaging
Minimum Credit Hours76726175807962127124120123124119124
Graduate
The following graduation requirements apply to the NMC Master's Degree Programs:
Students in the NMC Master's Programs must maintain a cumulative GPA of 3.0 to graduate.
Graduate students in MBH, Family Nurse Practitioner, Health Promotion Management and Nursing are allowed to incur a grade below "B" in no more than one course. In the MSN Program, students are not allowed to incur a grade below "B" in NRS 523, NRS 524, NRS 558, NRS 559, NRS 592 or NRS 594. In the Healthcare Operations Management program, students are allowed to incur a grade below "B" in no more than two courses.
Students must complete the minimum number of credit hours required for the program in which they are enrolled.
All work for the Master's degree must be completed within six calendar years from the date of credit for the first graduate course in the program.
ProgramBSN-DNP (Family Nurse PractitionerAPRN-DNP (Advanced Nursing Practice)MS Health Promotion ManagementMS Healthcare Operations ManagementMSN NursingMaster in Business AdministrationPost-Master's Certificate, Healthcare Operations ManagementCertificate, Wellness & Health Promotion
Minimum Credit Hours753433323633109
Residency Requirement
Undergraduate students must complete 30 of the last 36 hours in residence to receive a baccalaureate degree.
Students must complete 15 of the last 18 credit hours in residence to receive an associate's degree. One exception to this policy is for those who graduated with a 12-month certificate from NMC and return to the College having not attended an institution of higher learning in between earning the certificate and returning to complete an associate of science degree in health studies. For these students, a minimum of 9 out of 21 arts and sciences credits must be taken at NMC.
Graduate students may transfer in a maximum of nine credits toward their master's degree.
Students in graduate-level certificate programs must complete the prescribed plan of study in residence to receive the certificate of completion for the program.
Doctorate students in the BSN-DNP (Family Nurse Practitioner) program may transfer in a maximum of 18 credits, and students in the APRN-DNP (Advanced Nursing Practice) program may transfer in a maximum of six credits.
Exceptions to the residency requirement can be made in extenuating circumstances but require the approval of the Academic Dean.
Graduation Application
All students (certificate and degree-seeking) must submit an application for graduation. This will initiate a degree audit to ensure that the student is on track to complete all required coursework. Graduation applications are due:
Fall graduation: due by May 15th
Spring graduation: due by October 15th
Summer graduation: due by February 15th
The Registrar's Office will audit the student's academic record to ensrue compliance with graduation requirements. If all degree requirements are not completed by the anticipated graduation date, the student must resubmit a graduation application in a later term.
Licensure and Certification
While the academic programs described herein are designed for the purpose of qualifying students for licensure, certification or registration in a profession, successful completion of any such program in no way assures licensure or certification by another agency. For specific programs, certification examinations are a program requirement for graduation. (See specific program handbooks.)
Updated: July 2015
Medical Hardship & Compassionate Withdrawal
Policy
Recording of Classroom Sessions Policy
Reason for Policy: To prohibit or limit recording of class activities or re-distribution of classroom materials in order to:
Respect the integrity and effectiveness of the classroom experience;
Protect students and faculty dignity and privacy;
Respect faculty and College rights in instructional materials, and
Comply with copyright law.
Policy Statement: Nebraska Methodist College prohibits recording and transmission of activities (e.g., lectures, discussions) that occur as part of a classroom session by a student unless written permission from the course instructor has been obtained and all students in the course as well as any guest speakers have been informed that audio/video recording may occur. A recording is defined as a video or audio replication or photographic image recorded on devices, including, but not limited to, audio recorders, video recorders, cellular phones, digital cameras, MP3 players, computers, tablets, and other handheld devices that records images and/or sound. If a student is granted permission to record any portion of a classroom session, that student understands that the recording is for the sole use of the individual student and may not be reproduced, sold, posted online, or otherwise distributed. A student does not have permission to reproduce or post the information on any social media (e.g., YouTube, FaceBook, etc), or other public or private forum that would infringe on the privacy rights of others represented in the recording.
Public distribution of such materials may constitute copyright infringement in violation of federal or state law, or College policy. Violation of this policy may subject a student to disciplinary action under the College's Student Code of Conduct and Resolution Process policies.
Exception: It is not a violation of this policy for a student determined by the College's Academic Skills Specialist to be entitled to educational accommodations, to exercise any rights protected under Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the American with Disabilities Act of 1990, including needed recording or adaptations of classroom lectures. Qualified students with a disability should follow the College's Services for Students with Disabilities Policy. The restrictions on third party sharing and external distribution apply in such cases.
Destruction of Approved Recordings: Students must destroy recordings at the end of the semester in which they are enrolled in the class unless they receive the instructor's written permission to retain them or are entitled to retain them pursuant to authorized accommodations.
Procedures: A student should review the course syllabus for instructions regarding the instructor's policy on class recordings. Unless directly authorized by the syllabus, any student wanting to record a classroom session must discuss the request with the instructor and obtain written permission and inform others in the class that a recoding is being made.
Updated: July 2013
Registration
New Student Registration
Depending on the program of study, most first-time students will register as a part of Registration Day prior to the start of their first semester. Students will be notified of the registration process with their letter of acceptance. Admissions distributes dates for Registration Day and Orientation to new students. This information is also available on our website, www.methodistcollege.edu, under New Student Information.
Current Student Registration
Students meet with their Academic Advisor each semester to validate completion of prerequisites and begin the registration process.
Students register for courses online during designated registration weeks.
The Academic Advisor views and approves online registration submissions.
If special permission is required to enroll in a course for which students do not have all prerequisites, they must obtain the signatures of the Program Director and course faculty prior to obtaining signature of the academic advisor.
Students are required to withdraw from any course if prerequisites have not been met unless exceptions have been made.
Course Audit
An individual who registers to audit a course may attend course sessions but will not earn course credit.  Permission to audit a course must be granted by the Program Director or academic dean in consultation with the faculty member. Audit enrollment is permitted on a space available basis with priority given to students enrolling in the course for credit. Tuition will be 50% of the for-credit tuition rate and no fees will be assessed.  An individual should declare audit status at the time of registration. Registration to audit may not be changed to credit after the first week of the course. Likewise, changing registration from audit credit to regular credit is not allowed after the first week. Participation in course activity in an audited course is at the discretion of the faculty member.
Course Sequencing
Students are to follow established course sequences so that they will have the requisite knowledge and skills for undertaking the learning required. There are three sequencing requirements to be adhered to:
Prerequisites: A prerequisite course is one that must be completed prior to enrollment in a given course.
Corequisites: A corequisite course is one that must be taken at the same time as or with another course.
Some courses may be identified as either prerequisite or corequisite. In such cases, the course may be taken either before or concurrently with a given course. It may not be taken after the course for which it is designated as pre-requisite or corequisite.
It is the student's responsibility to meet the established prerequisites and/or corequisites for any given course.
Withdrawal from a course will be required if prerequisites/corequisites have not been met, unless the student has obtained written permission for an exception from the Program Director.
Credit Hour Allocation
Credit hour allocation is based on the following ratio:
Classroom (didactic)
Laboratory
NRS/Clinical
NRS Preceptorship
PTA Clinical
RAD Clinical
RCP Clinical
DMS Clinical
SUR Clinical
15 Class hours
30 Lab hours
45 Clinical hours
96 Clinical hours
45 Clinical hours
85 Clinical hours
50 Clinical hours
72 Clinical hours
60 Clinical hours
= 1 credit hour
= 1 credit hour
= 1 credit hour
= 1 credit hour
= 1 credit hour
= 1 credit hour
= 1 credit hour
= 1 credit hour
= 1 credit hour
Developmental Coursework
Courses that are less than freshman level or remedial in nature will not be accepted for credit toward graduation. Remedial coursework cannot be used for either transfer or support purposes.
Directed Study
Directed study credit can be earned for professional and arts and sciences coursework. Directed study allows students the opportunity to complete a course of study when there is a deficiency in course requirements; it is determined by the Program Director of the department in which a student is majoring. Arts and sciences course work is determined by faculty responsible for each course and approved by the Dean of the Division of Arts & Sciences.
Independent Study
Independent study allows students the opportunity to complete a course of study in an area that is of special interest. A maximum of six credit hours may be earned through independent study. A student wishing to complete course work via independent study should initiate such through his or her Academic Advisor. After meeting with his or her Academic Advisor, the student will be referred to the Program Director of the appropriate department in which the student will work toward the independent study. The Program Director will then direct the student to the appropriate faculty member. After consulting with the faculty member, the student will develop a proposal for the independent study. The faculty member will then develop evaluation criteria and submit the entire proposal to the Program Director for approval.
Student Classification for Degree-Seeking Students
NMC undergraduate students are classified according to the total number of semester hours earned:
Freshman
Sophomore
Junior
Senior
30.99 or fewer credit hours
31 - 60.99 credit hours
61 - 90.99 credit hours
91 or more credit hours
There are no similar classifications for graduate students.
Transient Study
Students are expected to complete all course requirements at NMC after their initial enrollment to the College. Exceptions to this policy may be considered under extraordinary  circumstances. Any request for transient study (i.e., enrolling in courses at other regionally accredited institutions after initial enrollment to NMC) will be reviewed by the Dean's Council; the decision of the Dean's Council is final. Under no circumstance will a student be awarded credit for a course taken off campus after his/her initial enrollment to NMC unless approved in advance. Students are advised to consult with their academic advisor if they have any questions regarding this policy.
Updated: July 2013
Testing Center Course Examination Policy
Testing Center Course Examination Policy
Visitors in the Classroom Policy
REVIEWED/REVISED:
7/2016; 8/2017
PURPOSE:
To ensure a proper environment for learning for all NMC students.
Visitors in the Classroom Policy
Personal Conduct
Behavior is recognized as a reflection of professional and personal integrity, which conveys to the community an image of the College and ultimately of healthcare professions. All policies apply to on campus and online students.
If you wish to report a Student Concern (SOS) or a potential Code of Conduct violation, please click here.
If you wish to file a Title IX Sexual Misconduct report, please click here.
expand all \
collapse all
Alcohol and Drug Policy
Nebraska Methodist College recognizes that misuse of alcohol and other drugs and the unlawful possession, use or distribution of illicit drugs and alcohol pose major health problems, are potential safety and security problems, can adversely affect academic, clinical, and job performance, and can generally inhibit the educational development of students.NMC is committed to the standards outlined by the Federal Drug-Free Workplace Act of 1988, the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, and the Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act Amendments of 1989. As a result of this commitment, NMC has established regulations forbidding students to engage in the unlawful manufacture, distribution, dispensing, possession or use of illegal or illicit drugs and alcohol on NMC premises or property or as part of any NMC activity planned for or by students. These regulations shall assure that NMC is in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local statutes, regulations, and ordinances.
NMC encourages all members of the college community to maintain civic and social responsibility when making decisions regarding the use of alcoholic beverages off NMC premises. If a student demonstrates unsafe and/or unprofessional behavior that violates professional standards or state practice acts of each academic program, or calls into question the professional accountability of the student, corrective action will follow. Students are expected to adhere to the standards of behavior required of healthcare professionals. A one-time deviation from safe practice may be sufficient to judge a student's behavior unsafe.
Practicing in a clinical setting or coming to class under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs (illegal or prescribed) is prohibited and warrants corrective action. If the College or a clinical site has reasonable suspicion that the student is under the influence of drugs or alcohol, it may require a student to submit to a blood, breath, and/or urine test for drugs and/or alcohol.
Students who may be experiencing drug or alcohol-related use/abuse problems are encouraged to contact the NMC Counseling Office without risk of sanctions, provided the request is not the result of a violation, wherein the student will be evaluated and possibly referred to a substance abuse specialist for assessment, additional counseling, and/or be referred for treatment.
Students who initiate and seek assistance and/or medical treatment on behalf of themselves, another student, or a friend when a serious or life-threatening situation is transpiring as a result of alcohol and/or drugs may qualify for consideration under the Medical Amnesty Policy. In sum, by enrolling at NMC, students acknowledge and agree to the following:
It is a violation of the Drug and Alcohol Policy for students to consume or possess alcoholic beverages on campus.
Student possession or consumption of alcohol on NMC premises or property or at any College-sponsored event shall constitute misconduct. A College-sponsored event is any gathering where students are in attendance that is planned for or by students and endorsed by the College.
Misconduct constitutes a student attending class, clinical, laboratory sessions, practicum or College-sponsored or approved events while impaired by alcohol or drugs (illegal or prescribed).
Any student or student organization which violates this policy will be subject to disciplinary action which may include immediate dismissal from the College.
The manufacture, sale, possession, distribution or use of illegal drugs is prohibited.
Procedure for reasonable suspicion testing:
A student who reports to class or clinical and is reasonably suspected of being under the influence of alcohol/illegal drugs or who is reasonably suspected of impairment due to legally prescribed medication will be removed and will be required to provide specimens for a drug and/or alcohol analysis at that time. Student confidentiality will be maintained as much as possible.
If student is at a clinical site in Iowa or Nebraska and during NMC operating hours*:
Remove the student from patient care and arrange for student oversight based on the clinical site policy. The student is to remain in that location until drug testing is completed.
Call the NMC Reception Desk at (402) 354-7000 to report suspected student impairment and provide the following information - name and contact phone number of person reporting the incident, clinical site location (include full address for clinical site and department), student name and program.
The Receptionist will contact Midlands Testing Services (MTS) at (402) 658-1122 or
(402) 657-5453 and notify them of the site and contact person. The Receptionist will also contact the Dean of Students at (402) 354-7213 to report the incident.
MTS will come directly to the clinical site to complete the drug testing.  Upon arrival, MTS will call the contact phone number for the location of the student.
Following the testing, the clinical site supervisor/instructor will inform the student to contact a family member/friend for transportation.  If needed, the supervisor/instructor will contact the NMC receptionist to arrange taxi service for the student (Omaha only).
If the student appears to be impaired and refuses to be tested, assist the student in contacting a family member/friend or call a taxi to take the student home.**  If the student tries to leave on their own, call the Omaha or local police department and, using reasonable judgment, attempt to detain the student if possible until they arrive. Do not use force to detain the student or do anything that might place yourself or others at risk.
*Clinical instructors/preceptors at sites outside of Nebraska and Iowa or when the NMC campus is closed, who suspect student impairment due to drugs (illegal or prescription) or alcohol are to remove the student from patient care and contact the Program Director for further instructions.
If student is at the NMC campus:
The instructor will notify the NMC Reception Desk at (402) 354-7000.
The Receptionist will contact Security immediately of suspected impairment. The security officer will remove the student from the classroom and escort them to the Student Health Center waiting area.
The Receptionist will contact Midlands Testing Services (MTS) at (402) 658-1122 or
(402) 657-5453 and notify them of the site and contact person (Security).  The Receptionist will also contact the Dean of Students at (402) 354-7213 to report the incident.
MTS will come directly to campus to complete the drug testing.  Upon arrival, MTS will check in with the receptionist for the location of the student.
Following the testing, the security officer will inform the student to contact a family member/friend or arrange for a taxi to provide transportation home.  Security will supervise the student until their transportation arrives.
If the student appears to be impaired and refuses to be tested, Security will contact a family member/friend or call a taxi to take the student home.  If the student tries to leave campus on their own, Security will call the Omaha Police Department, and using reasonable judgment, attempt to detain the student if possible until they arrive.
2. The student will be required to meet the Dean of Students within 24 hours or the next working day.
3. Students who refuse testing or fail to comply with any step in the process may be suspended or dismissed from NMC.
4. All positive alcohol or drug screens will be referred to a chemical dependency counselor for evaluation at the students' expense. Students are required to follow through with treatment recommendations.  When the student is released, they will be informed that clinical placement will be based on availability and may not be guaranteed. This incident may significantly deter academic progression.
Penalties for a confirmed positive drug test
First Positive Test:
The student will be suspended from clinical courses for a minimum of thirty (30) days.
The student will be required to see the NMC counselor for referral to a drug/alcohol abuse professional for evaluation and treatment.  The length of the substance abuse treatment program will be determined by the treatment program counselor.
The student will be responsible for any costs associated with the counseling and treatment in the substance abuse treatment program.  Referral to the substance abuse treatment program shall be confidential.
The Academic Dean will be informed of the expected completion date of the substance abuse treatment program and whether or not the student successfully completes the program.
Reinstatement to clinical coursework is not guaranteed and will be based on successful completion of treatment and course availability.
A negative follow-up drug test will be required before students are permitted to return to participation in clinical coursework.  This testing will be done at the student's expense.  Students who are suspended for a positive drug test and successfully complete a substance abuse treatment program will be required to submit to random, follow-up drug testing for up to twelve (12) months.  A refusal to participate in a substance abuse program and/or follow-up drug testing will result in immediate permanent dismissal from College.
Second Positive Test:  Dismissal from the College and forfeiture of any NMC scholarship.
Updated: August 2015
Alcohol & Drug Policy PDF
College Code of Conduct Policy
As a student at Nebraska Methodist College, you have made a commitment to join the College community. Each student's enrollment obligates him or her to demonstrate civilized behaviors - those reflective of the College's core values and student policies. Behavior is recognized as a reflection of professional and personal integrity, which conveys to the community an image of the College and ultimately of health care professions.As a health care professional, a Nebraska Methodist College ("College") student assumes responsibility for in the delivery of care for patients and others in the community. As stated in the College's mission, Nebraska Methodist College faculty and staff believe each student has a personal commitment and responsibility for understanding the potential impact of personal, as well as professional, behaviors upon others. Thus, adherence to College policies and regulations is required.
It is the responsibility and duty of each student to become acquainted with all provisions contained in the College Code of Conduct. It is presumed that each student, from the date of his/her initial acceptance at the College, has knowledge of this policy, as well as the policies and procedures contained in the program handbook for the program he/she is enrolled. All students are deemed to have agreed to the Code of Conduct and are required to adhere to the provisions contained in the Code of Conduct as a condition of enrollment at the College.
Any member of the College community may be subject to disciplinary action upon violation of this policy.
SECTION I: DEFINITIONS
"College" means Nebraska Methodist College of Nursing and Allied Health.
"Student" includes all persons taking courses at the College, either full-time, part-time, or non-degree seeking pursuing certificate, undergraduate, graduate, or doctoral studies. Persons who withdraw after allegedly violating the Code of Conduct, who are not officially enrolled for a particular term but who have a continuing relationship with the College or who have been notified of acceptance for admission are considered "students" as are persons who are living in campus housing, although not enrolled in this institution.
"Faculty member" means any person hired by the College to conduct classroom or teaching activities or who is otherwise considered by the College to be a member of its faculty.
"College Official" includes any person employed by the College, performing assigned administrative or professional responsibilities.
"Member of the College community" includes any person who is a student, faculty member, College Official or any other person employed by the College. A person's status in a particular situation shall be determined by the President.
"College premises" includes all land, buildings, facilities, and other property in the possession of or owned, used, or controlled by the College (including adjacent streets and sidewalks).
"Organization" means any number of persons who have complied with the formal requirements for College recognition.
"Complainant" means any person who submits a charge alleging that a student violated this College Code of Conduct. When a student believes that s/he has been a victim of another student's misconduct, the student who believes s/he has been a victim will have the same rights under this Code of Conduct as are provided to the Complainant, even if another member of the College community submitted the charge.
"Respondent" means any student accused of violating this Code.
SECTION II: SCOPE, LIMITATIONS, AND APPLICABILITY
The Code of Conduct policy applies to incidents occurring on College premises, at College sponsored activities, and as further explained below, to certain situations occurring off-campus that adversely affect the College community or pursuit of its objectives. Conduct that occurs while completing clinical rotation, practicum, internship, externship or other activity directly involved with an academic program of study is also subject to the Code of Conduct. Each student is responsible for his/her conduct from the time of application for admission through the actual awarding of a degree.  This policy is in effect before, during and after classes during the academic year including conduct during periods between terms of actual enrollment not discovered until after a degree is awarded. Daily administration, enforcement, and operation of the Code of Conduct are coordinated through the Dean of Students.
This policy does not address Academic Integrity offenses. Academic Affairs administers the academic integrity disciplinary process. Students must contact the appropriate Academic Dean or Program Director for information on disciplinary procedures regarding academic integrity issues.
The Dean of Students shall decide whether the Code of Conduct shall be applied to conduct occurring off campus, on a case-by-case basis, at his/her sole discretion.  After review of the alleged misconduct, the Dean of Students will make a determination of whether the alleged misconduct merits the disciplinary process provided herein. Disciplinary action may be taken with respect to any student convicted of, or charged with, a felony, or misdemeanor.
Depending on the severity or nature of the charge, a student who violates the Code of Conduct is subject to a range of disciplinary actions up to and including suspension or expulsion and may be barred from all College-owned and operated property and all College-sponsored events and activities. And too, any member of the College community, who knowingly and willfully misuses the procedures of the Code of Conduct to harm another member of the College Community, shall be subject to disciplinary action.
SECTION III: COOPERATION WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES
Nebraska Methodist College cooperates fully with law enforcement authorities and campus security works closely with area law enforcement agencies including the Omaha Police Department.  Violations of the Code of Conduct that are also violations of federal or local law may be referred to the appropriate non-College authority. Proceedings under the Code of Conduct may be carried out prior to, simultaneously with, or following civil or criminal proceedings off-campus at the discretion of the Dean of Students.  Determinations or sanctions imposed under the Code of Conduct shall not be subject to change including instances where criminal charges arising out of the same facts as the Code violation were dismissed, reduced, or resolved in favor of or against the criminal law defendant.
SECTION IV: STUDENT RIGHTS, FREEDOMS, AND RESPONSIBILITIES
With appreciation for the tradition of freedom of expression on campus, the College is committed to fostering and tolerating different viewpoints. The College acknowledges that points of view will diverge, but will not tolerate disruption to its academic mission or rights of others.
1.  General Rights and Freedoms
Students shall have the following rights and freedoms:
a.  As members of the College community, all students are guaranteed freedom of expression, inquiry and assembly, the right to form a student government, organize groups, to join associations in support of any cause or common interest.
b.  Students have the right of fair access to all educational opportunities and benefits available at the College in an environment that is safe and free of insidious harassment, discrimination, or intimidation.
c.  Students have a right to privacy in accordance with the policy expressed in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA).
d.  Students have the right and responsibility to report, in good faith, and without fear of retaliation, violations of the Code of Conduct and violations of any other policy of the College, to appropriate academic or administrative officers of the College.
2.  Procedural Rights and Freedoms
Students accused of violating the Code of Conduct have the following rights:
a.  To have access to all College policies and procedures regarding the functioning of the disciplinary process.
b.  To be informed of and to have explained as required the pending charges.
c.  To be free from intimidation or retaliation by College employees in the resolution of disciplinary matters.
d.  To be free from searches or seizures unless based on reasonable cause by appropriate officials. In accordance with written procedures approved by the Vice President for Enrollment and Student Success (VPESS), searches and seizures may be authorized by the VPESS, his/her designee, and Campus Security.
3.  Responsibilities
All students share the following responsibilities:
a.  To read, become familiar with, and adhere to the Code of Conduct, the Program handbook of the program that the student is enrolled, the Title IX-Sexual Misconduct policy and Campus Housing Handbook, if living on-campus.  Students will also be responsible for understanding all College policies posted on the College website.
b.  To respect the personal and property rights of others and to act in a responsible manner.
c.  To protect and foster the intellectual, academic, cultural, social, and mission of the College.
d.  To observe the laws of local, state, and federal governments.
SECTION V: EMERGENCY ACTION SUSPENSIONS AND INVOLUNTARYADMINISTRATIVE TOTAL WITHDRAWALS
1.  Emergency Action Suspension
On rare occasions, this authority may be exercised on an exigent basis to protect a student's own physical or emotional safety and well-being, College property, the health and safety of particular individuals and/or the College community, or to prevent the threat of disruption of, or interference with, the normal operations of the College. On such occasions, the Dean of Students, VPESS or VPAA may take emergency administrative action to immediately suspend a student's enrollment. The student will be notified in writing of this action and the reasons for the suspension. An Emergency Action Suspension Meeting will be held as soon as one can be convened, within thirty (30) days from notification of action. The purpose of this meeting will be to determine if the student may remain enrolled.
2.  Involuntary Administrative Total Withdrawals
In situations where the College cannot effectively monitor or control the conditions or behaviors of certain students, it reserves the right to prompt an Involuntary Administrative Total Withdrawal. In circumstances where the mental, emotional and/or physical welfare of the student and various elements of the College community are in jeopardy, or where the student's behavior and conduct become an imminent danger to the student and others, it may become necessary to take emergency action to temporarily or permanently separate a student from the campus community. Further, the College reserves the right to contact the student's parent, guardian, or next of kin in the event of a medical emergency. The Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA) provides for the release of normally protected student information when it is believed that the student represents a health or safety risk to self or others.
This policy will be instituted in the event that a student:
a.  Demonstrates behaviors or lack of good judgment, suicidal behaviors, self-destructive behaviors, or has untreated or uncontrollable medical or mental conditions which result in actual or possible imminent danger of injury to themselves or members of the College community.
b.  Demonstrates an inability to satisfy personal needs, to include activities of daily living, nourishment and maintenance of shelter.
c.  Demonstrates a behavior due to mental, emotional, or medical incapacitation which poses an imminent danger of causing significant property damage, or directly and substantially impedes the lawful activities of others, interferes with the educational process or the orderly operation of the College.
d.  Fails to comply with the instructions and guidelines of the Student Development Services staff or Campus Health as a result of an episode of mental or medical crisis intervention.
During the period of involuntary administrative total withdrawal, a student may be denied access to the campus, classes, housing, College activities, and denied privileges for which the student might otherwise be eligible, as the Dean of Students, VPESS, or VPAA, may determine to be appropriate. In making this determination, the Dean of Students, VPESS, or VPAA will consult with appropriate academic administrators and health care professionals, including but not limited to the Student Development Services or Campus Health staff.
i.  Timeline of Process
A meeting will be scheduled within thirty (30) calendar days of the student's Emergency Action Suspension or Involuntary Administrative Total Withdrawal, unless the student makes a written request asking that the meeting occur sooner. The Dean of Students will notify the student in writing indicating the reason for the Emergency Action Suspension or Involuntary Administrative Total Withdrawal, as well as the date, time, and place of the meeting. The student will be given an opportunity to respond. Appropriate College personnel may be present or consulted for this meeting. Parents, spouses, or any persons who would be of support to the student may, with the consent of the Dean of Students and the student, participate in the meeting.
The Dean of Students will notify the student in writing of the decision and the basis for the decision within ten (10) business days of the meeting. If it is determined that the student does not present a threat to himself/herself or others, the student will be permitted to continue as a student. If the decision is that the Emergency Action Suspension or Involuntary Administrative Total Withdrawal shall remain in effect, the communication will indicate what, if any, stipulations may govern his or her return to the College. Such stipulations may include providing certification from a healthcare professional indicating the student is able to return to the College.
ii.  Appeal of Emergency Action Suspensions and/or Involuntary Administrative Total Withdrawal
Students who wish to appeal Emergency Action Suspensions and/or Involuntary Administrative Total Withdrawals shall submit their appeal to the Dean of Students, who will forward the appeal to the College President.
In those cases, where internal and/or external health professionals were consulted, a report of findings and response to the appeal will be obtained by the Dean of Students. In addition, the President and/or the Dean of Students may require the student, at his or her expense, to obtain a psychiatric/medical evaluation from appropriate professionals external to the College to be presented. The Director of Compliance may be consulted for legal advice before a final decision regarding the appeal of an emergency action is reached. There shall be no further appeal of this decision.
SECTION VI: EMERGENCY ACTION SUSPENSION OF STUDENTS CHARGED WITH A CRIMINAL ACT
A student charged with a crime, either a misdemeanor or felony, by any local, state, or federal entity may be recommended for an Emergency Action Suspension by a Program Director, Academic Dean, or the Dean of Students. In addition, disciplinary proceedings may be instituted against a student charged with conduct that potentially violates both the criminal law and the Code of Conduct without regard to the pendency of the civil or criminal litigation in court or criminal arrest and prosecution. Proceedings under the Code of Conduct may be carried out prior to, simultaneously with, or following civil or criminal proceedings off-campus at the discretion of the Dean of Students. If criminal charges arising out of the same facts as a result of violation of College rules were dismissed, reduced, or resolved in favor of or against the criminal law defendant, the sanctions imposed under the Code of Conduct are not subject to change.
Emergency Action Suspension of a student charged with a criminal act will occur only in situations where the College determines there is a risk of substantial harm to the health or safety of the student or other individuals or to prevent the threat of disruption of, or interference with, the normal operations of the College. An individualized assessment will be made after consultation with the appropriate Program Director, Academic Dean, and Dean of Students, after considering the best available objective information.
It is the College's policy that a student convicted of a felony shall be expelled from the institution, irrespective of the student's current enrollment status. A decision about the continued enrollment of any student convicted of a misdemeanor will be made on a case-by-case basis which may be appealed through the VPESS.
SECTION VII: PROSCRIBED CONDUCT
The following is an illustrative list of proscribed conduct, including actual conduct and attempts to engage in such conduct, which is prohibited by the Code of Conduct. A reasonable suspicion that a student has engaged in or attempted to engage in such misconduct will be subject to the disciplinary sanctions.
1.  Safety
Causing any condition that jeopardizes the safety of individuals, groups of individuals, or the College community; participating in conduct or behavior that explicitly endangers the safety and well-being of oneself or others; tampering with safety measures or devices, such as alarm systems, fire extinguishers, exit signs, emergency phone systems, smoke or heat detectors, fire hoses, security systems, locked exterior or interior doors, and sprinkler systems; failing to conform to safety regulations, such as falsely reporting an incident, failure to evacuate facilities in a timely fashion in emergency situations or in response to fire alarms, inappropriate use of the alarm system, and similar conduct; falsely reporting the presence or threat of a bomb or any other dangerous device or condition; having the knowledge of and not reporting an event or act that would potentially endanger members of the College community.
2.  Weapons
Illegal or unauthorized possession, use, storage or transportation of weapons including firearms, explosives, ammunition, items that eject projectiles, knives, tear gas or dangerous chemicals or any item that any reasonable person would consider to have the possibility of doing bodily harm is prohibited.
3.  Discrimination
Engaging in verbal or physical behavior directed at an individual or group based on national origin, race, creed, gender, religious beliefs, or sexual orientation that according to a person of reasonable sensibilities is likely to create an intimidating or demeaning environment that impedes the access of other students, faculty, and staff to the educational benefits available to them as a member of the College community. Wearing articles of clothing with derogatory, racist, discriminatory, patently offensive, profane, sexually explicit, or graphic messages either in words or pictures, which demonstrate bias or discrimination against any individual or group within the College community, is prohibited. See Title IX-Sexual Misconduct, Equal Opportunity/Non-Discrimination, and Harassment policies.
4.  Harassment
Engaging in verbal, electronic, visual, written or physical behavior directed at an individual or group that in the view of a person of reasonable sensibilities is likely to provoke, or otherwise result in, a negative or injurious response, mental or emotional distress or related reaction or consequence is prohibited. This behavior may include: making an expressed or implied threat affecting another person's academic pursuits; engaging in unwarranted obstruction or interference with respect to educational, campus activity, or personal pursuits, employment or participation, which includes but is not limited to behaviors or communications which detract or interfere with an instructor's ability to provide instruction in the classroom, laboratory, clinical practicum, or any activity directly related to teaching, instruction or academic advisement and counseling, or any academic support services throughout the College community; creating an intimidating or demeaning situation or environment or inflicting personal, social, academic, psychological or emotional harm, or undue stress. See Harassment policy.
5.  Sexual Harassment
See Title IX-Sexual Misconduct Policy.
6.  Assault
Any willful attempt or threat to inflict injury upon another person, when coupled with an apparent present ability to do so, and any intentional display of force such as would give the victim reason to fear bodily harm constitutes an assault. An assault may be committed without actually touching or striking, or doing bodily harm. Self-defense may be a mitigating factor to this charge, depending on the circumstances.
7.  Sexual Abuse
Sexual abuse occurs when the act is intentional and is committed either by:  physical force, violence, threat, or intimidation; ignoring the objections of another person; causing another's intoxication or impairment through the use of drugs or alcohol; taking advantage of another person's incapacitation, state of intimidation, helplessness, or other inability to consent.
8.  Battery
An encounter in which physical contact occurs or is threatened between two or more persons with weapons, blows or other personal violence and that may include pushing, shoving, and other acts of physical abuse. Self-defense may be a mitigating factor to this charge, depending on the circumstance.
9.Stalking
Course of conduct directed at a specific person that would cause a reasonable person to feel fear. "Course of conduct" is defined as a pattern of actions composed of more than one act over a period of time, however short, evidencing a continuity of conduct. Stalking can either be physical or electronic in nature.
10.  Hazing
Hazing is defined as an act, which endangers the mental or physical health or safety of a student. It may include, but is not limited to, the destruction or removal of public or private property, or any activity conducted on or off-campus that causes or intends to cause an unreasonable expenditure of funds, embarrassing, intimidating or demeaning behavior, exposure to situations that could result in physical or emotional harm, or that causes undue stress, for the purpose of initiation, admission into, affiliation with, or as a condition for continued membership in any sanctioned or unsanctioned group or organization at the College.
11.  Alcoholic Beverages
See Alcohol and Drug policy.  See also Medical Amnesty policy.
12.  Drugs/Controlled Substances
The College prohibits the possession, use, sale or distribution of illegal drugs or the improper use of controlled substances and enforces all local and federal laws that prohibit the possession or sale of illegal drugs or drug paraphernalia. In addition, under federal and local laws, any student convicted of a drug-related offense must be denied all federal assistance, including Pell Grants. Information about remaining eligibility for federal financial aid may be obtained from the Office of Financial Aid. The College has a "zero" tolerance policy on the improper use of controlled substances and expressly prohibits:
a.  The possession, use, manufacturing, distribution or intent to distribute and/or sale of a controlled or illegal substance. Examples of these illegal substances are: crack cocaine, ecstasy, date rape drugs, marijuana, cocaine, heroin, or any other narcotic or controlled substance except as expressly prohibited by law. See also Alcohol and Drug policy and Medical Amnesty policy.
b.  The illegal possession, use, manufacturing, distribution or intent to distribute and/or sale of drug paraphernalia.
c.  Aiding or abetting an individual or individuals who are in illegal possession, or who have an intent to use, sale, or to distribute or who use, sale, or distribute controlled substances or drug paraphernalia, including allowing persons involved in such activities to visit or stay in their apartment, or to be in any College owned or operated property over which they have control.
13.  Forgery, Fraud, Dishonesty
Forging the name of a College employee, another student or any other person or entity, altering or misusing official College forms, documents, records, stored data, electronic data bases and College enterprise/information systems, identification of, or knowingly furnishing false information to College officers, officials, faculty and/or employees or providing such information involving or referring to the College to off-campus organizations, institutions, or individuals is prohibited. Making false statements in public or private, including knowingly filing false charges under the Code of Conduct and aiding and abetting another individual in the conduct of such actions also constitutes a violation of this provision. Students may not use the seal, logo(s), motto, trademarks, or other intellectual property of the College without written permission from the College. Authorized student organizations must be pre-approved to reproduce or to have a manufacturer reproduce the College trademarks on merchandise for sale or distribution.
14.  Property Damage
The attempt of, or unauthorized removal, use of, or the defacing of College property, or property under College custody or control resulting in its destruction or damage is prohibited.
15.  Theft
Attempted or actual theft of and/or damage to property or services of the College; knowingly possessing or transporting stolen property; or improperly using or converting the property of another for personal use is prohibited. The Code of Conduct also includes identity theft.
16.  Unauthorized Entry, Use, or Trespassing
Entering or using College facilities or property, or property in the custody or control of the College, for an improper purpose, or without proper authorization, or assisting others in doing so violates the Code of Conduct.
17.  Tobacco
Smoking any and all tobacco products, including electronic cigarettes, or use of smokeless tobacco, are prohibited on campus.  See Tobacco-Free Environment policy.
18.  Disruptive Conduct
Acting in a manner that impairs, interferes with, or obstructs the orderly conduct, processes, or functions of the College or of any person or persons on College owned or operated property or at any College-sponsored event is in violation of the Code of Conduct. Students whose behavior, communications, or attire may be considered disruptive while participating in academic programs, College activities, programs and general operations. Behaviors would include: use of electronic devices such as cell phones, video games, personal music players, playing computer games during class sessions, laboratory or clinical practicum's and periods of academic instruction, remediation, or tutorial assistance. Disruptive conduct would also include the wearing of apparel or clothing in class, or during academic instruction that is lewd, profane or sexually explicit; attire that conveys messages in print or in picture form that are profane, vulgar, patently offensive, racist or discriminatory, and this conduct disrupts the instructor's ability to maintain decorum or provide academic instruction in the classroom, laboratory, or other instructional environments. This also includes students who engage in disruptive behaviors or communications with an instructor, such as swearing or cursing, which impedes the ability of the instructor to present academic information in the classroom or laboratory, conduct academic advisement, counseling, or tutorial assistance.
19.  Unprofessional Conduct
All students are expected to demonstrate professional behavior in accordance with College policies and program specific policies.
20.  Electronic Communication
Using College telecommunications, data communication networks or any electronic means owned and operated by the College for illegal or improper purposes or in violation of College regulations and policies, or related federal, state, or local laws.
21.  Harboring
Harboring is knowingly allowing any fugitive from justice, or any student, employee, or other individual who has been barred from the College, to stay in, or to be transported onto College owned or operated property or facilities is prohibited. This also includes harboring any individual who is considered to be a fugitive from justice or for whom there is an outstanding warrant.
22.  Contracts
Students as individuals or representatives of student organizations are prohibited from entering into verbal or written agreements or contracts that purport to bind, obligate, or create liability of any kind for Nebraska Methodist College. The College will hold all such students individually liable for any financial or legal consequences or damages that may result from such unauthorized actions.
23.  Established Policies and Procedures
The failure to observe any provisions or policies in of the student's program handbook, campus housing handbook, the College website, or appropriate school/college bulletin, pertaining to personal conduct or behavior.
24.  Violation of Criminal Codes of the Local, State, or Federal Governments
On or off-campus actions or activities that violate criminal law.
25.  Embezzlement
Unauthorized acquisition and/or use of funds belonging to, or under the stewardship of, any College department, organization, or individual.
26.  Contempt Of, Or Interference With, Any Disciplinary Program Actions or Activities
Failure to respect the disciplinary program or process, including failing to appear for a meeting if requested to do so, interfering with attendance by any person or persons mandated to attend a meeting or interfering with the disciplinary process violates the Code of Conduct.
27.  Social Media
Students are required to follow the applicable federal requirements under HIPAA regulations, including information obtained about patients during clinical rotations and adhere to all applicable college privacy and confidentiality policies. See Confidentiality of Patient Records (HIPAA) policy.
28.  Media Contact
Students are expressly prohibited from speaking on behalf of, or for, Nebraska Methodist College with any media organization or publication, or from inviting the same to any College-owned or operated property, facility, or event without the express permission of the College.
29.  Presenting False Testimony
Knowingly making false statements regarding a disciplinary matter before, during or after the disciplinary adjudication process is in violation of the Code of Conduct.
SECTION VIII: RESOLUTION PROCESS
Reports of violations of the Code of Conduct may result from a written Incident Report taken by Campus Security, a College employee, or Complainant reporting a violation or by a complaint filed here. A Complainant may be a student, College employee, or visitor.
The purpose of the resolution process is to provide for an impartial review and to ensure that the rights of all students are properly recognized and protected. Such review will be accomplished in a collegial, non-judicial atmosphere rather than an adversarial one, and shall allow the parties involved to participate. All parties will be expected to act in a professional and civil manner. Academic and nonacademic decisions made by the College President or Vice Presidents are final and not subject to appeal.
1.  Complaint
First, the Complainant must review the Code of Conduct to determine the specific provisions violated. Second, the Complainant must complete and submit a complaint here of an alleged violation of the Code of Conduct within fourteen (14) calendar days of the incident or knowledge of the incident. Requests submitted after this fourteen (14) calendar day period will only be resolved if extenuating circumstances are present and requires approval of the Dean of Students.
If the Dean of Students determinations a violation of the Code of Conduct may have occurred, the Complainant and the Respondent will be informed in writing by the Dean of Students within fifteen (15) business days after receipt of the request. The Dean of Students will inform the Respondent of the allegation and related information and a timeline to respond.
The Respondent will be given an opportunity to provide his/her account of the incident and allowed to plead "Responsible" or "Not Responsible."  If the Respondent fails to respond within six (6) business days of the date of the written notice, the Dean of Students may proceed with scheduling and convening a hearing to resolve the matter.
A plea of "Not Responsible" by the Respondent will result in an investigation of the case by the Dean of Students. The Respondent and the Complainant will be notified of the date, time and place of the hearing.
A plea of "Responsible" by the Respondent will result in a review of the case and determination of appropriate sanctions by the Dean of Students.
2.    Hearing Notification
Resolution of a violation of the Code of Conduct is handled through a hearing conducted by the Hearing Officer. The Hearing Officer shall be chosen by the Dean of Students from the pool of trained Title IX Investigators outside the Complainant or Respondent's program of study.  If possible, conflicts of interest will be avoided. However, it remains the Complainant or Respondent's responsibility to notify the Dean of Students of such conflict not less than five (5) business days prior to the hearing so an alternative Hearing Officer may be selected.
a.  Notification of Hearing
The Dean of Students shall notify the Complainant and Respondent, in writing, of the date, place and time of a scheduled hearing not less than ten (10) business days prior to the hearing date (excluding holidays). Both the Complainant and the Respondent shall be informed that they are responsible for contacting their own witnesses, informing them of the hearing, and ensuring their attendance at the hearing. Witness lists are to be submitted to the Dean of Students at least two (2) business days prior to the hearing. Upon request, the Dean of Students will make copies of the witness lists available to the parties. Upon request, the Dean of Students will notify respective faculty of the approved absence for any students who are participating in a disciplinary procedure.
b.  Notification of Inability to Attend a Hearing
If either the Respondent or the Complainant cannot attend a scheduled hearing due to compelling circumstances, he/she must notify the Dean of Students as soon as this fact is known. Written documentation of extenuating circumstances must be provided. Failure to adhere to this policy may result in additional disciplinary action and/or conducting the proceeding without the benefit of the absent person's participation.
c.  Document Access
The Respondent and Complainant shall have reasonable access to relevant case documents maintained by the Dean of Students. Documents prepared by the Dean of Students, those submitted during the hearing, and the statements given, will constitute the record the hearing.
d.  Failure to Attend
A student accused of violating the Code of Conduct, who has received appropriate notification to attend a scheduled hearing but fails to do so, may be considered in violation of the disciplinary process and subject to further disciplinary action. The Hearing Officer may elect to proceed with the hearing without the Respondent and render a decision based on the evidence presented.
A witness, who is called by the Dean of Students, with evidence critical to the resolution of a violation of the Code of Conduct given reasonable notification of a hearing, but who refuses to attend, may be considered in violation of the disciplinary process and subject to possible disciplinary action.
e.  Rules of Evidence and Legal Representation
Nebraska Methodist College's disciplinary proceedings are not subject to the formal rules of process, procedure, and/or technical rules of evidence, such as are applied in criminal or civil court.  Rather, Hearing Officer shall make a determination based on whether the record makes it more likely than not that the claims are true.
The Respondent and the Complainant may consult with their personal legal counsel in preparation for a hearing; however, attorneys are not allowed to attend a disciplinary hearing or to represent a student at a hearing. A student may elect to have a peer advisor, at a hearing, who shall serve in an advisory capacity only. Advisors are not permitted to speak or to participate directly in the hearing. Peer advisors must be current students in good academic, disciplinary, and financial standing with the College.
f.  Scope of Evidence Considered In a Disciplinary Action
The Hearing Officer shall be the sole judge of the relevancy and admissibility of evidence presented for consideration.
3.  Process for Conducting the Hearing
a.  Closed Hearings
All hearings are closed to anyone other than those persons directly involved, Dean of Students and/or the designee, the Complainant, Respondent, and witnesses, unless the Dean of Students determines otherwise.
b.  Witnesses
Only those persons with direct knowledge of the incident shall be allowed to appear as witnesses. Those attesting to character alone are not allowed to serve as witnesses. A list of any witnesses speaking on behalf of the Respondent or Complainant must be submitted to the Dean of Students no later than two (2) business days prior to the hearing.
c.  Postponement
A one-time request for postponement may be considered and granted by the Dean of Students only when he/she determines that there is a compelling reason for the delay. In that event, the Dean of Students will set a new date for the hearing and notify, in writing, all parties involved.
d.  Role of the Hearing Officer
The Hearing Officer is responsible for conducting the hearing in a fair manner and recommending such action(s) as necessary to sanction or control disruptive or inappropriate behavior.
e.  Burden of Proof
The Complainant carries the burden of proof to establish the Code of Conduct violation of the Respondent. The Complainant must demonstrate that it was "more likely than not" (preponderance of the evidence standard) that the Respondent committed the violation(s) that he/she is being accused. The Respondent should be prepared to respond to charges against him/her with witnesses and/or documents, as appropriate.
f.  Deliberation, Decision Making, and Reporting Results to the Dean of Students
The Hearing Officer shall consider all information in the record. The Hearing Officer shall prepare a written report including any recommended sanctions and submit the report to the Dean of Students within five (5) business days of the hearing. The Dean of Students shall notify the Respondent and the Complainant of the decision. Sensitive information considered to determine sanctions shall be deemed confidential and will not be shared with students, except upon written request from any alleged victim of a crime of violence or non-forcible sex act will the results of the College's disciplinary proceedings against the Respondent will be disclosed.
4.  Notification of Hearing Outcome
The Dean of Students shall review the recommendations of the Hearing Officer and shall make a final determination on sanctions. The Dean of Students shall then prepare a written memorandum setting forth the decision and any sanctions and notify both parties within twenty (20) business days after receipt of the report. The Dean of Students reserves the right to delay notification when it determines that such delay is in the best interest of the College.  When deemed necessary or appropriate by the Dean of Students, it shall notify relevant College officials, programs and organizations of hearing outcomes and sanctions.
SECTION IX: APPEAL
1.  Criteria for an Appeal
A finding of "Responsible" for violations of the Code of Conduct and/or the sanctions imposed may be appealed. However, an appeal may result in a reversal or modification of a decision only if one of the following criteria is met. It should be noted that an appeal is not an opportunity to have a new hearing on the matter. As described below, an appeal may only be used to reverse an error or to consider important information that was not available at the hearing.
a.  Process - An important procedure leading up to or during the original hearing was ignored or so flawed that the hearing was not fair and impartial.
b.  Substantive Error - There was an error in identifying or interpreting the controlling and relevant College policy or standard of conduct and this substantially affected the hearing and resulted in the Respondent being denied a fair hearing outcome.
c.  New Evidence - Relevant new evidence has surfaced that could have materially affected the decision or finding of the Hearing Officer. This evidence must be produced and substantiated or documented and it is required that proof be provided that this information was not available at the time of the hearing.
d.  Disproportionate Sanction - The sanction levied is manifestly unjust because it is overtly disproportionate to the offense.
2.  Process for Filing an Appeal of Disciplinary Action
An appeal must be submitted to the Dean of Students by the student found "Responsible" within five (5) business days of receipt of the letter of notice of initial hearing outcome. The statement must clearly specify the grounds on which the appeal is being made and have attached any supporting documentation. Each case may be appealed only once.
3.  Appeal Review Process
The written appeal must be submitted to the Dean of Students. The Dean of Students will forward the appeal to the VPESS. The VPESS shall have the authority to determine if the appeal could reasonably be expected to meet at least one of the four stated criteria. If so ruled, he/she will set up an appeal hearing and notify the parties of its date, time, and location.
If possible, conflicts of interest will be avoided. However, it remains the Complainant or Respondent's responsibility to notify the Dean of Students of such conflict not less than five (5) business days prior to the hearing.  If after notification, the Dean of Students determines a conflict of interest exists between the VPESS, the Complainant and/or the Respondent, the Dean of Students will forward the appeal to the Executive Vice President, VPAA, or the President.  The Executive Vice President, VPAA or the President shall then have the authority to determine if the appeal could reasonably be expected to meet one of the four stated criteria and administer the appeal hearing in place of the VPESS.
4.  Appeal Hearing
Appeal hearings will be limited to a presentation of evidence by the appealing student that directly addresses the grounds for an appeal. No witnesses may be called.
5.  Remedies on Appeal
The following actions may be taken by the VPESS, transmitting a recommendation to the Dean of Students:
a.  Affirm the original findings.
b.  Affirm the original findings, but change the sanction(s) levied.
c.  Overturn the original findings and remand to the original Hearing Officer for a new hearing.
6.  Notification of Finding
The results of an appeal review will be forwarded to the Dean of Students within twenty (20) business days of the VPESS's decision. Within five (5) business days, the Dean of Students will inform the student who initiated the appeal and the Complainant of the decision.  If the case is remanded for a new hearing, the Dean of Students will contact the students about the new hearing. At the discretion of the Dean of Students, a different Hearing Officer may be asked to hear the case.
7.  Limitations
Each case may be appealed only once. Therefore, the finding of the VPESS is final and binding. Only the Respondent may file an appeal. Appeals filed after the stated deadline will not be considered, except in compelling circumstances, as determined by the Dean of Students.
8.  Stay of Sanction(s) During the Appeal Process
The Dean of Students will determine if the sanction(s) imposed on an appellant will be stayed pending the appeal process.
SECTION X: DISCIPLINARY SANCTIONS
The purpose of disciplinary sanctions for violations of the Code of Conduct is to educate students about responsible behavior as members of the Nebraska Methodist College community, to maintain order, and to protect the rights of others.  Students found "Responsible" for violating the Code of Conduct are notified of sanctions by the Dean of Students, who also monitors compliance with the sanction. There is no set sanction for any particular offense, with the exception of automatic expulsion for a felony conviction. Sanctions will be determined individually and should reflect the nature and severity of the offense.
1.  General Terms
The College reserves the right to apply any sanction for a violation of the Code of Conduct that in its sole discretion appropriately addresses the gravity and frequency of the offense. One or more sanctions may be imposed for any offense. Prior offenses are cumulative and any student found in violation of the same offense or a second offense of equal or greater magnitude may be suspended or expelled from the College. However, evidence of prior violations of the Code of Conduct may be considered after a determination of "Responsible" has been made as part of the process of determining sanctions.
Sanctions are imposed under the Code of Conduct without regard to student classification, prospective graduation date, the time in the semester or term when the violation occurs, scholarship status, or any other factor.
Students who have not completely fulfilled their sanctions may be allowed to register for classes for the subsequent semester if all other financial and academic conditions have been met. However, their registration will be cancelled if they fail to comply with all the stipulations of the sanctions within the time limit set.
The imposition of sanctions is a record maintained in the office of the Dean of Students.
2.  Types of Disciplinary Sanctions
One or more of the following sanctions may be imposed for any violation of the Code of Conduct. The failure to comply with an imposed sanction, as directed, can lead to the imposition of more severe sanctions, up to and including suspension or expulsion. The identified sanctions do not represent the full range of sanctions which may be imposed against a student found "Responsible" for a violation of the Code of Conduct.
a.  Disciplinary Warning or Reprimand - A disciplinary warning or reprimand is an official written statement of censure. It is used when a student's behavior is unacceptable, but is considered to be minor and/or unintended. It includes a warning that any additional violation(s) of the Code of Conduct may result in more severe disciplinary actions. The written statement shall be delivered to the student via mail or the student's College e-mail account.
b.  Letter of Apology to the Aggrieved Party - A student may be required to write a letter of apology to the aggrieved party. A draft copy of the letter must be provided to the Dean of Students for prior approval.
c.  Requirement to Seek Counseling - This sanction may be imposed when a student is found "Responsible" for disrupting or uncivil behaviors. In such case, the student shall be required to provide evidence to the Dean of Students of attendance and completion of counseling by a qualified professional.
d.  Participation In, or Conducting, Special Workshops, Classes or Seminars - A student may be required to participate in, or to develop, advertise and present special workshops or seminars related to a Code of Conduct violation. In such a case, the student may be required to present a typed summary of the activity to the Dean of Students.
e.  Research Assignments - A student may be required to complete a research assignment on a topic related to the Code of Conduct violation within a specified deadline.
f.  Community Service - A student may be required to perform work assignments at the College or in the local community.
g.  Parent Consultation - Parent/guardian may be contacted when a student's behavior causes alarm, serious disruption, or is a health or safety concern.
h.  Persona Non Gratis - Prohibiting entry into a specific building on campus for a specific amount of time due to interference with the community.
i.  Termination of Residency - Loss of on-campus housing, without refund, and/or dining privileges, permanently or for a specified period of time.
j.  Fine - A monetary sanction issued in the form of a charge to a student account or a deduction from the Residential Life and Housing damage deposit.  Fines are most commonly issued for violations of life safety policies or failure to follow college procedures.
k.  Withholding of an Official Transcript - May be imposed upon a student who fails to pay a debt to the College.
l.  Delay in Awarding Degrees - The College reserves the right to delay the awarding of any degree.
m.  Bar Against Re-Enrollment - May be imposed on a student who has a disciplinary case pending or who fails to pay a debt to the College.
n.  Restitution - Restitution is reimbursement to compensate for personal injury, property damage, or misappropriation of College or other personal property. It may be in the form of money or services, subject to the discretion of the Dean of Students.
o.  Disciplinary Probation - Disciplinary probation may be imposed for a specified period of time. A student may not represent the College in any public function, participate in clinical rotations or hold office in a student organization. Notification of disciplinary probation may be provided to the parents of the student if the College first receives the student's written consent or a FERPA exception applies. Students receiving scholarships for any activities enumerated above may have that scholarship suspended or terminated. Decisions regarding scholarships will be made by the VPESS.
p.  Limited Term Suspension - Suspension is appropriate in cases of serious misconduct or in cases when a student has violated a condition of disciplinary probation, or has failed to meet the stipulations of lesser sanctions. A student may be suspended from the College for the remainder of the semester, or summer session, in which the sanction is applied, or any portion thereof, for the next semester, or for any other additional periods determined appropriate by the College.  Suspensions are recorded on the student's permanent record (official transcript). Students suspended from the College are required to return their student identification cards, apartment keys and other College property and shall be barred from the campus for the duration of their suspension. Exceptions may be granted to this prohibition by the Dean of Students, if it is determined that the barred student must enter College property for the purpose of conducting official business. If a student returns to the campus without permission during the period of suspension, his or her eligibility to be re-admitted to Nebraska Methodist College is jeopardized and such persons may also be charged with unlawful entry and, thereby, made subject to arrest.
q.  Indefinite Suspension - Indefinite Suspension provides for all conditions described in Limited Term Suspensions, but does not give a specific date for the consideration of readmission of the suspended student. This sanction is used in cases of extremely serious misconduct when evidence of rehabilitation must be presented by the student and accepted by the VPAA before the student is readmitted to the College.
r.  Expulsion - Expulsion is the most severe sanction that the College may impose. Expulsion is permanent dismissal from the College. In addition, the student is not eligible for readmission to the College and permanently barred from Nebraska Methodist College owned or operated property and from all College-sponsored events. Students expelled from the College are required to return any student identification cards, apartment keys, and other College property and must leave campus immediately upon notification of being expelled. If an expelled student returns to the campus, he or she will be charged with unlawful entry and may be arrested. An expelled student's relationship with the College is severed permanently.
s.  Other sanctions as deemed appropriate by the Hearing Officer.
SECTION XI: REVISIONS OF THE COLLEGE CODE OF CONDUCT
1.  Periodic Review
The Dean of Students will conduct a full formal review of the Code of Conduct at least every five (5) years or at such other times as it deems appropriate to determine if the College Code of Conduct should undergo a full revision process.
2.  Procedure for Revision
If it is determined that the Code of Conduct is in need of full revision, the procedure for developing a new document for recommendation will be as follows:
a.  A committee composed of faculty, administrative staff and students will be appointed by the Dean of Students to review the recommendations for changes. The pool of those eligible to serve will come from names submitted by Academic Deans, Program Directors, Faculty Senate, and Student Government. In the event that after appropriate notice, names are not submitted, the Dean of Students shall make appointments.
b.  The draft of the revised Code of Conduct is completed by the Dean of Students and forwarded to the Director of Education Compliance for review and comment.
c.  Students will be informed of the revisions via email. Comments and concerns will be considered in completing the final draft.
3.  Forwarding for Approval
The final document will be authored by the Dean of Students and forwarded, through the Director of Education Compliance to the President and Cabinet for final review.
4.  Amendments
Amendments to the Code of Conduct deemed necessary by the Dean of Students during periods between formal full reviews and revisions will be prepared by the Dean of Students and forwarded to the Director of Education Compliance and Cabinet for approval and implementation.
Updated: October 2015
College Code of Conduct PDF
Drug Prevention Program
Nebraska Methodist College Standards of Conduct regarding illicit drugs and alcohol
It is a violation of the alcohol policy for students to consume or possess alcoholic beverages on campus.
NMC students are expected to abide by federal, Nebraska State law, and local Omaha laws.
Student possession or consumption of alcohol on campus or at any College sponsored student event shall constitute misconduct. A College-sponsored event is any gathering where students are in attendance that is arranged or is endorsed by the College.
Should a student attend class, clinicals, laboratory sessions, practicums or College sponsored or approved events while under the influence of alcohol or drugs (illegal or prescribed), this shall constitute misconduct.
Any student or student organization which violates this policy will be subject to disciplinary action which may include immediate dismissal from the College.
The manufacture, sale, possession, distribution or use of illegal drugs is prohibited.
The College will cooperate fully with state and federal laws. Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 states in part, "if a student is convicted of drug distribution or possession, the court may suspend eligibility of Title IV financial aid.
If a student is convicted three or more times for drug distribution, he/she may become permanently ineligible to receive Title IV financial aid."
Alcohol and Drug Policy
Nebraska Methodist College encourages all members of the college community to maintain civic and social responsibility when making decisions regarding the use of alcoholic beverages. If a student demonstrates unsafe and/or unprofessional behavior and fails to achieve the standard of care, violates professional standards or state practice acts of each academic program, or calls into question the professional accountability of the student, corrective action will follow. Students are expected to adhere to the standards of behavior required of healthcare professionals. Depending upon the degree of actual or potential harm a client may suffer, a onetime deviation from safe practice may be sufficient to judge a student unsafe. In accordance with the College's position on alcoholic beverages or drugs (illegal or prescribed), students practicing in a clinical setting or coming to class under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs is prohibited and warrants corrective action. The College may require a student to submit to a blood, breath, and/or urine test for drugs or alcohol for reasonable cause. A student may request assistance with a drug or alcohol-related use/abuse problem without risk of penalty, provided the request is not the result of a violation. All such requests will maintain the student's confidentiality. See College Catalog for procedure for reasonable cause testing.
Campus Housing Policy
The use and/or possession of alcohol/alcohol containers, as well as the manufacture, sale, distribution, use and/or possession of illegal drugs/drug paraphernalia is prohibited on campus. The consequences for each resident involved in an alcohol-related violation are as follows:
1st Incident - All guests escorted out of Josie's Village and an alcohol awareness session with a College counselor.
2nd Incident - Guest privileges restricted for two weeks, 10 hours of community service at NMC and completion of alcohol education course (course fee of $250 to be paid by student).
3rd Incident - Alcohol evaluation, resident is placed on housing probation and $500 fine.
4th Incident - Eviction from Josie's Village without any refund of rent or deposits paid.
The consequences for each person involved in an illegal drug related violation at Josie's Village will include the following:
Automatic eviction of the resident(s) from Josie's Village, without any refund of rent or deposits paid; and
All names referred to College and local authorities where additional College, local, state, and federal sanctions may apply.
Sanctions for either type of violation may also include the immediate dismissal of a student from the College.
Drug Screening Policy
The purpose of this policy is to provide a safe working and learning environment for patients, students, clinical and institutional staff and property in the clinical programs of Nebraska Methodist College. Healthcare accreditation organizations mandate that hospitals and other health care agencies require students who participate in the care of patients be subject to the same standards as their employees. Accordingly, submitting a negative urine drug screen is a condition for participation in the clinical component of all programs.
For all programs, submitting a negative drug screen will be a requirement prior to the start of clinical courses. Repeat testing may also be required for cause or to retest a dilute sample. Failure of the drug test, tampering or attempting to tamper with a specimen, or refusal to cooperate with any aspect of this policy, or any health system policy on substance abuse, will result in disciplinary action up to and including dismissal, refusal of enrollment or denial of clinical course progression. The student shall be responsible for paying any and all associated costs of urine drug screening including necessary retesting for any reason. Charges will be added to the students' account.
Test results will be confidential with disclosure of results provided only to approved persons involved in evaluating qualifications for clinical programs. Because of the mandate to comply with health system policies, disciplinary actions against students may be imposed without the customary mechanisms of academic warning and probation. Reports are the property of the NMC, will not be provided to students unless requested, and will be kept in confidential files separate from the student's academic file.
Nebraska Citations and Penalties
OFFENSE
DESCRIPTION
PENALTY
DWI/.08/Refusal
These offenses all fall within the same misdemeanor.  Driving while impaired is a violation that includes other drugs.
$400 - $500.00 fine, 7-60 days in jail, 6 month license suspension.
Using False ID/Minor Misrepresenting Age
It is a violation to use falsified documents to purchase alcohol. No minor shall obtain, or attempt to obtain, alcoholic liquor by misrepresentation of age, or by any other method, in any tavern or other place where alcoholic liquor is sold.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail.
Furnishing a False ID
Any person who knowingly manufactures, creates, or alters any form of identification for the purpose of sale or delivery of such form of identification to a person under the age of twenty-one years.  This includes any card, paper, or legal document that may be used to establish the age of the person named thereon for the purpose of purchasing alcoholic liquor.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail
Consuming Alcohol in Public
It is illegal to consume alcohol on the public right of way.  This includes street, sidewalks or any other public property.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail.
Selling Alcohol Without a License
It is illegal to charge for alcohol in any way e.g., at the door, as a cover charge or by the drink, if you do not have a liquor license.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail.
Failure to Disperse/Failure to Obey a Lawful Order
You may be cited for failing to leave or obey a specific command if ordered by an officer to do so.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail.
Felony Assault
Assaulting another person causing serious injury and/or involving the use of a weapon
Depending on the severity of the injury, this offense could result in incarceration.
Minor in Possession
No one under the age of 21 may possess, consume, or have physical control of alcohol. Exceptions: a minor may possess or have physical control of alcoholic liquor in his or her permanent place of residence. 19 and 20 year olds may handle alcohol as part of their employment duties.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail.
Minor Attempt to Purchase
It is unlawful for anyone under the age of 21 to attempt the purchase of alcohol with or without identification.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail.
Procuring Alcohol for a Minor
It is illegal to purchase alcohol for anyone under the age of 21.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail.
Disorderly House
This violation enables law enforcement to cite property owners or renters with parties that get out of hand causing a disturbance.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail.
Misdemeanor Assault
Striking another person causing injury.
Up to $500.00 fine and 6 months in jail.
Urinating in Public
It is unlawful for any person to urinate or defecate on a public street, alley, or any other property, public or private, open to or visible to the public.
Minimum $100.00 fine
Health Risks Associated with Alcohol and Drugs
Alcohol consumption causes a number of changes in behavior and physiology. Even low doses significantly impair judgment, coordination, and abstract mental functioning. Statistics show that alcohol use is involved in a majority of violent behaviors on college campuses. Continued abuse may lead to dependency, which often causes permanent damage to vital organs and deterioration of a healthy lifestyle. Alcohol use can result in missing class, poor academic performance and disciplinary or legal issues. Other consequences associated with alcohol use include: injury to self or others, being involved in a fight, forgetting where you were or what you did, doing something you later regretted and having unprotected sex.
Amphetamines can cause a rapid or irregular heartbeat, headaches, depression, damage to the brain and lungs, tremors, loss of coordination, collapse, and death. Heavy users are prone to irrational acts.
Cocaine/Crack users often have a stuffy, runny nose and may have a perforated nasal septum. The immediate effects of cocaine use include dilated pupils and elevated blood pressure, heart rate, respiratory rate, and body temperature, paranoia and depression. Cocaine is extremely addictive and can cause delirium, hallucinations, blurred vision, severe chest pain, muscle spasms, psychosis, convulsions, stroke and even death.
Hallucinogens such as Lysergic Acid Diethylamide (LSD) cause illusions and hallucinations. The user may experience panic, confusion, suspicion, anxiety, and loss of control. Delayed effects, or flashbacks, can occur even when use has ceased. Phencyclidine (PCP), another hallucinogen affects the section of the brain that controls the intellect and keeps instincts in check. Hallucinogens can cause liver damage, convulsion, coma, and even death.
Marijuana may impair or reduce short-term memory and comprehension, alter sense of time, and reduce coordination and energy level. Users often have a lowered immune system and an increased risk of lung cancer. Users also experience interference with psychological maturation and temporary loss of fertility. The active ingredient in marijuana, THC, is stored in the fatty tissues of the brain and reproductive system for a minimum of 28 to 30 days.
Methamphetamines, known as speed, meth, ice, glass, etc. have a high potential for abuse and dependence. Taking even small amounts may produce irritability, insomnia, confusion, tremors, convulsions, anxiety, paranoia, and aggressiveness. Over time, methamphetamine users may experience symptoms similar to Parkinson's disease, a severe movement disorder.
Narcotics such as codeine, heroin or other opiate drugs cause the body to have diminished pain reactions. The use of heroin can result in coma or death due to a reduction in heart rate.
Steroid users experience a sudden increase in muscle and weight and an increase in aggression and combativeness. Steroids can cause high blood pressure, liver and kidney damage, heart disease, sterility and prostate cancer.
Universal Crisis and Drug Abuse Hotline (1-800-392-0280)Counseling treatment and rehabilitation for drug and alcohol abuse
After a student meets with a campus counselor, recommendations will be made on an individual basis. A violation will result in a meeting with the counselor and referrals to either campus counselors or community resources, with a release to the campus counselor.
Special Note- Please be aware that healthcare providers hold a special responsibility to the public. Drug and Alcohol violations are taken seriously due to the professional nature of Nebraska Methodist College. The State of Nebraska licensing boards require an explanation and description of any misdemeanor or felony before State Boards can be taken.
Updated August 2015
Drug Prevention Program Policy PDF
Guidelines for Disciplinary Procedures
Individuals found to be in violation of various rules and regulations may be subject to disciplinary sanctions.  It is the belief of the College that sanctions should maximize safety for all students and College constituents, relate to the nature of the behavior, and provide an opportunity for growth and learning. Thus, these examples are not meant to represent the only sanctions that may be used by the College.Reprimand: A written warning to a student for a violation of College policy. The warning shall include notice that further violations of the same or other regulations will result in a more severe disciplinary sanction. A copy of the warning letter is placed in the student's academic file.
Apology: A required formal apology, given either verbally or in writing (as designated by the sanction), either private or public, to an individual, outside agency, or the College. Evidence of the offering of the apology may be required.
Restitution: In the event of damage, destruction, or theft, a student may be required to make a full and complete reimbursement to the College or others. Restitution for College property, damage, or theft may take the form of financial payment, appropriate service, or other compensation. Failure to make arrangements to pay may result in a hold being placed on the student's NMC account.
Monetary Fine: The student is required to pay a specific monetary fine to the College.  Failure to pay or to make arrangements to pay such fines may result in a hold being placed on the student's NMC account.
Work Project: The student is assigned a specific work or service project, as outlined in a work agreement. This sanction will normally be assigned to help the student reflect upon the negative implications of his/her behavior.
Disciplinary Warning: This sanction is administered to serve as a notice to the student that his/her behavior was unacceptable and inconsistent with the College's values and standards of behavior. The Warning will note that any future violations of the policy could result in the imposition of more severe sanctions. In some cases, it may be the preliminary step to Disciplinary Probation. This sanction may also involve specific conditions that may include, but are not limited to:
Removal from campus housing or relocating within the apartments.
Restriction of access to specific campus facilities.
Loss of privileges, to include, but not limited to, the following:
Active participation in any or all public events sponsored by the College or by students;
Attendance at any or all public events sponsored by the College or by students;
Normal visitation rights.
Work project requirements/assignment.
If a student is found responsible for a violation of the College's Title IX-Sexual Misconduct Policy, a Disciplinary Warning could also include one or more of the following:
Required consultation with a member of the College's counseling staff, as well as required participation in any on-going counseling and/or educational programming recommended by the counselor.
Issuance of a public apology by the student.
Prohibited contact for a specific period of time between the violator and the victim.
Disciplinary Probation: This sanction may involve specified conditions that may include, but are not limited to:
Removal from campus housing or relocating within the apartments.
Restriction of access to specified campus facilities.
Loss of privileges to include, but not limited to, the following:
Active participation in any or all public events sponsored by the College or by students;
Attendance at any or all public events sponsored by the College or by students;
Representation of the College in specified manners;
Holding office in a College-approved organization;
Participating in specific extracurricular activities;
Normal visitation rights.
Required participation certain groups and/or educational programs as they relate to the violation.
Required period of appropriate work project.
Disciplinary Probation can also carry other sanctions imposed by certain campus organizations and academic departments. For example, a student on Disciplinary Probation may be ineligible to hold positions in Student Senate, participate in clinical rotation, or hold positions on the student housing staff. Any such sanctions are considered independently by those organizations or departments and may be imposed in addition to the sanctions identified above. Notification of Disciplinary Probation may be sent to a minor student's parents, subject to regulations governing a student's right to privacy.
Suspension: Suspension from classes and/or the College property may occur for a period of up to one (1) regular semester. A student wishing to re-enroll at the end of the suspension period must notify the Vice President of Enrollment and Student Success in writing six (6) weeks prior to the start of the semester.
Dismissal: Dismissal constitutes expulsion from the College. Students who have been dismissed are not eligible for return or reapplication.
Required Assessment and/or Counseling: In the event a student's conduct creates safety concerns and/or violates the NMC Code of Conduct Policy, he or she may be required to receive counseling, not necessarily as a disciplinary measure, but as an attempt to facilitate growth and/or safety. The student's conduct will be individually evaluated based on observations of his or her actions that indicate safety concerns or violations of the Code of Conduct. Following this individual assessment, College, at its discretion, will determine whether the student will be required to obtain treatment or evaluation from a qualified healthcare professional. Based on the results of the student's assessment, the College, using careful judgment, will determine whether the student is otherwise qualified to take classes.
Before the College concludes that the student's conduct merits suspension or other appropriate disciplinary measures, student will be provided with a forum in which he or she will be given a reasonable opportunity to be heard and respond. However, in exigent circumstances, the College may take immediate measures to dismiss or withdraw the student. Any decision to suspend or withdraw a student will be made by the Vice President of Enrollment and Student Success or the Vice President of Academic Affairs and the College President. If the College takes immediate action to dismiss or withdraw the student, the student will be given the opportunity at a reasonable time afterwards to be heard and to present his or her position.
Updated: August 2015
Guidelines for Disciplinary Procedures PDF
Matters of Conscience
A student may be assigned to a situation that may pose an ethical dilemma for them.  The student who objects to providing care for assigned patients based on matters of conscience will notify the instructor as soon as possible. The student will remain aware that their first responsibility is to the patient, and that they should complete the necessary care to meet the immediate needs of the patient. The student shall not abandon the patient. The faculty will attempt to provide individual guidance to the student in the immediate situation.
Updated: November 2015
Romantic and Sexual Relationships Between Students and Staff Policy
The relationships between students and their teachers, advisors, and others holding positions of authority over them should be conducted in a manner that avoids potential conflicts of interest, exploitation, or personal bias. Given the inherent power differential, the possibility of intentional or unintentional abuse of that power should always be borne in mind. For example, a conflict of interest arises when an individual evaluates the work or performance of a person with whom he or she is engaged in a romantic or sexual relationship. In addition, relationships between students and others holding positions of authority can also lead to possible Title IX sexual harassment claims.
Romantic or sexual relationships between students and persons in positions of authority compromise the relationship between students and the College. No member of the College community should simultaneously be romantically or sexually involved with a student whom he or she teaches, advises, coaches, or supervises in any way. Individuals in such positions of authority must not allow these relationships to develop or continue.
Updated: November 2015
Sexual Harassment/Assault Prevention Programs and Resources
REVIEWED/REVISED:
7/2013; 7/2015; 9/2017
RELATED POLICIES:
Title IX-Sexual Misconduct Policy
PURPOSE:
To communicate the College's programs and resources available concerning sexual harassment/assault prevention.
Sexual Harassment/Assault Prevention Programs and Resources
Sexual Misconduct Policy (Title IX)
REVIEWED/REVISED:
10/13; 11/13; 9/14; 2/15; 10/15; 4/16; 9/17
RELATED POLICY:
Minors Involved in NMC Programs; College Code of Conduct
PURPOSE:
To provide the NMC community (faculty, staff, administrators and students) and members of the public visiting a work place and educational environment free of harassment, interference and intimidation, NMC has adopted and published the following policy and grievance procedures for complaints under Title IX.
Nebraska Methodist College (NMC) strives to create a respectful, safe and non-threatening environment for its students, faculty, staff, administrators and visitors. This policy sets forth the resources available to students, describes prohibited conduct and establishes procedures for responding to sexual misconduct incidents that includes sexual harassment, sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence, stalking and other unwelcome behaviors.
Sexual Misconduct Policy
Online Communications Policies & Guidelines
NMC supports the use of social media to reach audiences important to the College such as students, prospective students, faculty and staff. The College presence or participation on social media sites is guided by College policy. This policy applies to all use of social media by NMC students, faculty and staff, unless otherwise provided, to represent or discuss matters concerning the College and/or members of the NMC community, whether or not such used involves the College's network or other computer resources, including online communications related to interactions in or about clinical and didactic course activities.
Distribution of sensitive and confidential information is protected under HIPAA and FERPA whether discussed through traditional communication channels or through social media.
"Social Media" are mechanisms for communication designed to be disseminated through social interaction, created using highly accessible and scalable publishing techniques. Examples of social media include, but are not limited to, collaborative projects (e.g, Wikipedia), blogs and microblogs (e.g., Twitter), content communities (e.g., YouTube), social networking sites (e.g., Facebook), virtual game worlds (e.g., World of Warcraft), and virtual social networks (e.g., Second Life).
While this policy may need to be modified as new technologies and social networking tools emerge, the spirit of the policy will remain the protection of sensitive and confidential information and guidelines for proper etiquette. Social media often spans traditional boundaries between professional and personal relationships and thus takes additional vigilance to make sure that one is protecting personal, professional, and college reputations.
Regardless of how the forms of social media are used, faculty, staff and students are responsible for the content they post or promote. Content contributed on these platforms is distributed and accessible immediately.
expand all \
collapse all
Section 1: Policies for all social media sites, including personal sites
Copyright UseRespect copyright and fair use: When posting, faculty, staff, and students must respect and adhere to any copyright and intellectual property rights of others and of the college.  See also NMC's Copyright Policy.
Endorsements
All Nebraska Methodist College logos and/or the Methodist Health System logos are trademarked and the property of the Methodist Health System.  No person is allowed to use any logos for endorsements or other purposes without the express written permission of the appropriate authorizer. No NMC logo or any other college images may be used on personal social media sites. The Nebraska Methodist College name may never be used to promote a product, service, cause, or political party or candidate.
College Property
Respect College time and property: College computers and time on the job are reserved for college-related business as approved by supervisors.
Terms of Service
Obey the Terms of Service of any social media platform employed.
Section 2: Policies for blogging, including personal blogs
Important ConsiderationsBefore creating a blog or making any entries using College resources such as computers, internet, software, etc., students, faculty or staff must contact the Marketing department. Blogs that engage students, alumni, faculty, donors, and other constituents must receive prior approval.
Blogging Recommendation
Anything posted on a blog may have repercussions in the future. People have been sued, refused jobs or fired from their jobs because of material they posted on their blogs.
In addition to controlling what you post on your blog, you can monitor the comments that other people post. While your credibility as a blogger depends in large part on your openness to comments by others, you can set your blog so that all comments come to you for review prior to appearing on your blog. Some bloggers post their policy directly on their blogs.
For your own protection, you should never give information that identifies you, such as your full name, your address or phone number. Don't make yourself a target to scam artists or predators.
Section 3: Email Etiquette Guideline
All employees are expected to use email for college business communications only.Employee, faculty and student NMC e-mail accounts are the primary sources for distributing important college information.  Information for students will also be posted on MyMethodist, the College student portal.
Although there are a variety of distribution lists available within the Nebraska Methodist Health System network, it is important to use good tact.  When sending emails outside of the college, employees, faculty, and staff must abide by the CAN-SPAM Act.
Employees and students may not communicate via email any material that violates the privacy or publicity rights of another. Policies concerning privacy, confidentiality, including FERPA and HIPAA regulations, shall be strictly enforced for communications involving patients, employees, volunteers, employees, customers, visitors and other constituents.
In addition, published email communications may not disclose any sensitive, proprietary, confidential, or financial information about the Nebraska Methodist College.
Section 4: Institutional Social Media
If an employee, student, or agent of the College posts any material on behalf of an NMC department, the following policies must be adhered to in addition to all policies found herein:Notify the college: Departments or college departments that have a social media page or would like to start one must contact Marketing at NMCmarketing@methodistcollege.edu.
All institutional pages must have a full-time appointed employee who is identified as being responsible for content. Current students can help manage pages but there must also be a staff member or faculty with administrative privileges.
Acknowledge who you are: If you are representing Nebraska Methodist College when posting on a social media platform, acknowledge so.
Have a plan: Departments should consider their messages, audiences, and goals, as well as a strategy for keeping information on social media sites up-to-date.
Link back to the college: Whenever possible, link back to the NMC Web site. Ideally, posts should be very brief; redirecting a visitor to content that resides within the Nebraska Methodist College website. When linking to a news article about NMC, check first to see whether you can link to a release on the NMC News page instead of to a publication or other media outlet.
Protect the institutional voice: Posts on social media sites should protect the College's institutional voice by remaining professional in tone and in good taste. No individual NMC department should construe its social media site as representing the college as a whole. Consider this when naming pages or accounts, selecting a profile picture or icon, and selecting content to post-names, profile images, and posts should all be clearly linked to the particular department rather than to the institution as a whole.
Section 5: Best Practices
Faculty, staff and students are strongly encouraged to follow the recommended practices below so that they may bring their online social media communications and presence in compliance with this and other applicable policies:Be careful.  Privacy does not exist in the world of social media. If you wouldn't say it on the front page of the newspaper, consider whether you should post it online. If you are unsure about posting something or responding to a comment, ask your supervisor for input or contact Marketing at nmcmarketing@methodistcollege.edu. In all instances, think twice before posting
Be accurate.  Get your facts straight before posting them on social media. Review content for grammatical and spelling errors. This is especially important if posting on behalf of the college in any capacity because regardless of who is posting content, it is the institutional voice.
Be respectful. Understand that content you and others contribute to a social media site could encourage comments or discussion of opposing ideas. Responses should always be considered carefully in light of how they would reflect on the 'poster' and/or the college and its institutional voice.
Be aware. Remember your audience and who you're talking to with your posts.  This includes prospective students, current students, alumni, donors, current employers and colleagues, peers and other constituents. Consider this before publishing to ensure the post will not alienate, harm, or provoke any of these groups.
Own Your Viewpoints. On personal sites, identify your views, opinions, and other comments as your own. If you identify yourself as a Nebraska Methodist College faculty, staff member or student online, make it very clear that your views are yours and not those of Nebraska Methodist College or its affiliates.
Section 6: Response to Comments/Feedback on Social Media
Social media has the opportunity to create positive interactions with students, alumni, healthcare professionals and the community at large.  However, there may be instances where an individual or group posts negative comments pertaining to Nebraska Methodist College and its constituents online. This could take place on blogs, social media outlets, aggregate review sites, comments sections on mass media publications, NMC's own internet holdings, and more. This policy is not intended as a means of infringing upon freedom of speech or silencing constructive criticism of the College.  NMC is devoted to the concept of free speech, but recognizes that the safety and well-being of its students, faculty, and the community may require a response.NMC takes each online comment made toward or about the College and its constituents seriously. While many such comments can be construed as frivolous, there some comments may inflict actual harm upon the College and members of the community. When a negative or inappropriate comment, review, blog post, or similar communication is posted about the College or its constituents and comes to the attention of the College, NMC will take the following action:
The employee or student who reads the post initially should not respond.
The post should be printed and saved for record keeping. This information should include the date and author of the original post.
The post will be referred to the NMC Marketing Department for immediate review with copy forwarded to the Compliance Director.
Depending on the sensitivity of the publication, the post may be subject to deletion, the author subject to discipline, or the author will be invited to file a formal complaint.
If the comment is not serious in nature, the NMC Marketing Department will offer the individual or group to file an official complaint.  This response may appear as follows:
"We're sorry that you feel that way and we are looking into the situation. If you wish to file a formal complaint with Nebraska Methodist College, please visit the website here."
Although this will remain the primary response for the majority of situations that may arise, the NMC Marketing with the assistance of the Compliance Director is given the authority to approach each comment on its own merits so as to be able to adequately respond to the extraordinary nature of some forms of online communication.  This may include requests for takedown made to the forum hosting the comment, disciplinary action of the writer if such person falls under the authority of the College and is found to be in violation of College policies, or if the post could be perceived as dangerous, filing a report about the person to the proper authorities (to be done only in situations deemed to pose an actual danger to the College or its constituents) as well as any additional action deemed appropriate to the specific situation being addressed.
Campus Health Policies
The health of our students is very important to success in and out of the classroom. All students must maintain and adhere to the student health policies and procedures.
expand all \
collapse all
Degree- and Certificate-Seeking Students
Degree and Certificate-Seeking Students Policy PDF
Health Insurance Policy
Health Insurance Policy PDF
Immunizations
Immunizations Policy PDF
Important Forms
Important Health Forms Policy PDF
Infectious Disease Policy
Infectious Disease Policy PDF
Return to Clinical, Class, and Lab Following Illness or Injury Policy
Return to Clinical, Class, and Lab Following Illness or Injury Policy PDF
Student Exposure to Illness
Student Exposure to Illness Policy PDF
Tuberculosis Policy
Tuberculosis Policy PDF
Title IX Policies
Title IX of the Education amendments of 1972 is a landmark federal civil rights law that prohibits sex discrimination in education. "No person in the United States, shall on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to, discrimination under any education program or activity receiving federal financial assistance." See Title IX of the education Amendments of 1972.
expand all \
collapse all
Facts
Title IX does not apply only to female students.
Sex discrimination includes sexual harassment and sexual assault.
If NMC knows about sexual harassment or sexual assault Title IX requires NMC to take action immediately.
All Title IX complaints must be processed.
Title IX investigations are separate from law enforcement investigations.  Even if you file a police report, NMC is required to independently investigate the assault.
Campus Sexual Assault Victim's Rights
Nebraska Methodist College students or employees reporting victimization of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault or stalking will be provided their written rights, which are:
(i) To be assisted by campus authorities if reporting a crime to local law enforcement;
(ii) Change academic, living, transportation, or working situations to avoid a hostile environment;
(iii) Obtain or enforce a no contact directive or restraining order;
(iv) Have a clear description of NMC's disciplinary process and know the range of possible sanctions; and
(v) Receive contact information about existing counseling, heath, mental health, victim advocacy, legal assistance, and other services available both on-campus and community.
Please see the NMC Title IX policy including definitions: Under Sexual Misconduct Policy.
Reporting Assault
Title IX coordinator Lindsay Snipes (402) 354-7259 lindsay.snipes@methodistcollege.edu
Prompt reporting of a complaint is strongly encouraged as it allows for rapid response to and resolution of objectionable behavior. Contact 911 if you are in immediate danger.
To file a Title IX complaint, please click here.
Resources, Guidance and Support
You are not alone:The following resources can provide guidance and support:
Confidential Resources:
Student Counseling:  Kathy Dworak - (402) 354-7080Campus Health Center: (402) 354-7210 / (402) 354-7260
Campus Resources:
Campus Security:  (402) 354-7000 / (402) 740-6368 (cell)Lead Title IX Coordinator:  Lindsay Snipes - (402) 354-7259 or lindsay.snipes@methodistcollege.edu
Community Resources:
Methodist Emergency Room SANE/SART-  (402) 354-4000
Locations:
8303 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE717 N. 190th Plaza, Omaha, NE
Women's Center for Advancement (WCA) - (402) 345-6555 or 24/7 Crisis Line (402) 345-7273
24/7 Hot Lines:
National Domestic Violence Hotline-(800) 799-SAFE (7233) and (800) 787-3224National Sexual Assault Hotline - (800) 656-HOPE (4673)
Websites:
Not Alone:  www.notalone.govNebraska Domestic Violence Sexual Assault Coalition:  www.ndvsac.orgRAINN (Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network):  www.rainn.orgLGBTQ:  The Survivor Project:  www.survivorproject.org
Sexual Harassment/Assault Prevention Programs and Resources
REVIEWED/REVISED:
7/2013; 7/2015; 9/2017
RELATED POLICIES:
Title IX-Sexual Misconduct Policy
PURPOSE:
To communicate the College's programs and resources available concerning sexual harassment/assault prevention.
Sexual Harassment/Assault Prevention Programs and Resources
Sexual Misconduct Policy (Title IX)
REVIEWED/REVISED:
10/13; 11/13; 9/14; 2/15; 10/15; 4/16; 9/17
RELATED POLICY:
Minors Involved in NMC Programs; College Code of Conduct
PURPOSE:
To provide the NMC community (faculty, staff, administrators and students) and members of the public visiting a work place and educational environment free of harassment, interference and intimidation, NMC has adopted and published the following policy and grievance procedures for complaints under Title IX.
Nebraska Methodist College (NMC) strives to create a respectful, safe and non-threatening environment for its students, faculty, staff, administrators and visitors. This policy sets forth the resources available to students, describes prohibited conduct and establishes procedures for responding to sexual misconduct incidents that includes sexual harassment, sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence, stalking and other unwelcome behaviors.
Sexual Misconduct Policy
Program Handbooks
Click below for a list of program handbooks, which will include one per program at Nebraska Methodist College. Your handbook describes the details about program study and requirements in your specific program.
The policies and procedures contained in these handbooks are subject to change without notice at the discretion of the Program Director, with the approval of the Dean. Any changes made will be communicated to students in a timely manner. It is the responsibility of each student to be acquainted with all requirements, policies and procedures for his or her degree program and to assume responsibility for meeting those requirements.
General Policies
Admissions
Academic Policies
Personal Conduct
Online Communications Policies & Guidelines
Campus Health Policies
Title IX Policies
Program Handbooks
720 N. 87th Street,Omaha, NE 68114(402) 354-7000
Healthcare Degree Programs
Nursing Programs
Allied Health Programs
Healthcare Management
Professional Development
Find Your Program
Admissions
Apply Now
Campus Visit
Tuition & Fees
Financial Aid
Financial Aid Portal
About NMC
Who We Are
Academic Calendar
Accreditation
Blog
Bookstore
Campus
Careers
Library
© 2020 Nebraska Methodist College, an affiliate of Methodist Health System
Website Requests
Complaint Form
Privacy
Terms of Use