http://www.perspectives-family.org/privacy-policy
Our Story
Programs
Impact
Ways to Help
Blog
Donate Now
Back
Our Vision
Who We Are
Management Team
Our Friends
Newsroom
Back
Programs Overview
Supportive Housing
Kids Connection
Early Childhood Development
The Cargill Kids Cafe
Substance Use Treatment
Mental Health
Parenting Time
Back
Annual Report
Stories of Hope
Furnishing Hope Campaign
Seed the Change Campaign
Party for Hope
Back
Ways to Donate
Careers
Get Involved
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyWhat Do We Do with Your Information?When you make a donation or subscribe to our email newsletter, as part of the process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.When you browse our site, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about our site, programs and other updates.ConsentHow do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, or make a donation, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@perspectives-family.org or mailing us at:Perspectives, Inc.3381 Gorham Ave.St Louis Park, MN 55426DisclosureWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms and Conditions.DonorBox and StripeDonorbox uses Stripe's secure credit card mechanism for donations and payments. Card numbers are changed to an undecipherable string of text (for example, `tok_fafds23423') before we charge the card. Saved cards & bank accounts for recurring donations are also changed. Therefore, Perspectives and Donorbox don't have any record of your card number in our database and logs. That means hackers will never get sensitive card or bank information from us.Donorbox is also PCI compliant. We utilize Stripe technology that has financial input fields which are done securely in Stripe's iframe. Stripe is certified as a PCI Level 1 Service Provider. This is the most stringent level of certification available in the payments industry.The transmission between you, the Donorbox or Squarespace form, and Stripe is encrypted using 256bit SSL/TLS. Stripe is one of the most secure and trusted payment providers. It is used by Twitter, Shopify, Kickstarter, and Lyft.Third-Party ServicesIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.LinksWhen you click on links on our site, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.SecurityTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.CookiesCookies are small pieces of text sent to your browser when you visit a site. They serve a variety of functions, like enabling us to remember certain information you provide to us as you navigate between pages on the Services. We use cookies for the following purposes:Authentication, Personalization and SecurityPerformance and AnalyticsThird Parties. Third Party Services may use cookies to help you sign into their services from our Services. We also may use third party cookies, such as Google Analytics, to assist with analyzing performance. Any third party cookie usage is governed by the privacy policy of the third party placing the cookie.Device Identifiers. We use device identifiers to track, analyze and improve the performance of Services.Opting OutYou can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use our Services.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.Questions and Contact InformationIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our office.Email:info@perspectives-family.orgMail:Perspectives, Inc.3381 Gorham Ave.St Louis Park, MN 55426