http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1996/03.96
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021
March 1996
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013,
212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@counsel.com
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York; Todd
V. Lamb, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams, Esq., Boston; Robin Miller, Esq., Seattle; Julia
Herd, Esq., Brooklyn; E. Terry Giuliano, Helen G. Ullrich, Students, New York Law School;
Ross D. Levi, Student, Brooklyn Law School.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-
9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage:http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1996 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
MONTANA JUDGE ENJOINS ENFORCEMENT OF SODOMY LAW
Judge Jeffrey Sherlock of the Montana First Judicial District Court ruled Feb. 16 that Section
45-5-505, MCA, violates the Montana Constitution's privacy provision to the extent it
criminalizes consensual sexual activities in private between adults of the same sex.
Gryczan v.
State of Montana, No. BDV-93-1869.
Granting the plaintiffs' motion for summary judgment
in this test case litigation, Judge Sherlock issued "a permanent injunction forbidding the State
to enforce Section 45-5-505, MCA, against these Plaintiffs or against any other people in the
state of Montana who engage in homosexual activity if that activity is consensual, done in
private, and is engaged in by adults."
Section 45-5-505 makes it a felony punishable by up to ten years in prison or a fine not to
exceed $50,000, or both, for a person to knowingly engage in "deviate sexual relations" or cause
another to engage in such activity, deviate sexual relations being defined in Section 45-2-101 as
"sexual contact or sexual intercourse between two persons of the same sex or any form of sexual
intercourse with an animal."
Its validity was challenged under Art. II, Sec. 10 of the Montana
Constitution, which provides: "The right of individual privacy is essential to the well-being of
a free society and shall not be infringed without the showing of a compelling state interest."
After disposing of the State's argument that the case did not present a justiciable controversy
because there was no allegation that the State was actually enforcing the statute against adults
who confined their homosexual activity to consensual, private situations, Sherlock proceeded to
the merits, noting that the Montana Supreme Court has stated that Montana has "the strongest
privacy provision in the United States."
The Montana Supreme Court has described the
boundaries of privacy covered by this provision using a two-part test: (1) whether the person
involved has a subjective or actual expectation of privacy, and (2) whether society is willing to
recognize that expectation as reasonable.
As to the first part of the test, Sherlock found that "a person's decision as to sexual matter is
probably one of the most private areas of a person's life," and that commentators writing on
Montana's privacy provision had concluded that "determinations about sexual choices and family
relationships" were within that expectation.
Turning to the second test, Sherlock noted that it
was "certainly true that many Montanans do not approve of homosexual activity," but observed
that because the statute had never been enforced against private, consensual adult homosexual
activity, it seemed that the state was willing to recognize the homosexual's expectation of
privacy as a reasonable one.
"The statute certainly stands as a monument of the Legislature's
dislike of homosexual activity," he wrote.
"However, the fact that it has never been enforced
seems to be a reflection of the fairmindedness of most Montanans.
This Court concludes that
society in Montana, although it may not approve of homosexual activity, is willing to recognize
that the right to privacy should protect consensual, private, homosexual activity between adults."
Sherlock found support for this view in recent decisions by courts in other states questioning the
constitutionality of sodomy laws.
He also dismissed the State's attempt to invoke Bowers v.
Hardwick, 478 U.S. 186 (1986), which found that the federal constitutional right of privacy does
not extend to "homosexual sodomy."
Sherlock observed that Montana courts have taken an
independent view as to the scope of privacy rights in Montana.
"If this Court were to merely
follow the path suggested by the State in this case, it would cause the defenestration of the
Montana Constitution.
Such action would also require this Court to ignore some 24 years of
decisions of the Montana Supreme Court that have refused to march in locked step with the
federal courts."
Consequently, the sodomy law was to be reviewed under a compelling state interest test.
Here,
Sherlock found that the State fell far short.
"In the briefs filed by the State, the State is unable
to put forth much of an interest in preserving this statute, let alone a compelling one," he wrote.
"Perhaps most conclusive in this regard is the fact that no one has been prosecuted under this
particular statute for homosexual activity that is private, consensual, and between adults.
If, as
has been suggested, the statute is an attempt to protect public morality, the statute is not doing
a very good job since no one has ever enforced it."
Sherlock also rejected the argument that
the statute was needed to combat the spread of AIDS, pointing out that the statute predated the
AIDS epidemic, and that public health authorities have argued that sodomy laws actually impede
the attempt to combat the public health emergency.
In fashioning a remedy, Sherlock noted that the statute was only attacked as to its application
to consenting adults acting in private, consequently he was not prepared to invalidate it entirely,
but he concluded that it was appropriate to forbid its enforce appropriately.
An appeal to the
Montana Supreme Court is expected to follow in due course.
* * *
No suspense in Tennessee.
. .
Attorney General Charles Burson announced he would seek review of the Tennessee Court
of Appeals decision in Campbell v. Sundquist, 1996 WL 29326 (Jan. 26), which held that the
Tennessee sodomy law, which only applies to same-sex conduct, violates the state constitution.
Review isn't automatically granted, however, and the Court of Appeals, affirming the trial court,
refused to enjoin enforcement of the law, merely declaring it unenforceable as applied to
consenting adults in private. Memphis Commercial Appeal, Feb. 9.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Federal Judge Refuses to Block Gay Student Conference
Rejecting an argument from Alabama Attorney General Jeff Sessions that allowing lesbian and
gay students to hold a workshop on safe sex at a conference at the University of Alabama in
Tuscaloosa would irreparably harm the state of Alabama, U.S. District Judge Myron H.
Thompson refused to stay his decision invalidating Alabama Code sec. 16-1-28, announced Jan.
29, Gay Lesbian Bisexual Alliance v. Sessions, 1996 WL 42033, 64 USLW 2490 (M.D.
Alabama).
In a new opinion filed Feb. 13, reported at 1996 WL 84876, Thompson noted that
at oral argument the state had backed away from the position taken in its motion papers that the
conference itself should be stopped.
But Sessions continued to argue that the state would be
irreparably injured if activities took place during the conference that might promote or encourage
participants to engage in sodomy, and sought a partial stay of the Jan. 29 order pending the
state's appeal to the 11th Circuit.
Evaluating the request for a stay, Thompson rejected Sessions' argument that the Jan. 29 order
should be narrowed to apply only to the gay student group at the University of South Alabama
that brought the suit.
Having found the statute facially invalid, however, Thompson pointed out
that what Sessions wanted to do was to use the statute to censor speech at the Feb. 16 student
conference, and rejected the notion that the Feb. 16 conference presented a "new and separate
set of facts not within the reach of this litigation."
Since students from the plaintiff group
planned to attend the Feb. 16 conference, any use of the statute to censor conference activities
would clearly come within the holding of the earlier opinion.
"An additional reason for rejecting
the Attorney Generals as applied argument is that on questioning by the court, the Attorney
General could not come up with a single prospective application of the statute that would not
unconstitutionally infringe upon GLBA-USA's right to exercise free speech," asserted
Thompson.
In terms of balancing the equities, Thompson found that the injury to the gay student groups
from staying his prior ruling would far outweigh any injury to the state, and that in terms of
advancing the public interest, preserving the First Amendment rights of the students took priority
over the state's asserted interests.
Despite Attorney General Sessions' continued defiance of the court's ruling, Thompson remained
unwilling to issue an injunction requested by the student groups, observing that the Attorney
General had assured the court that he would comply with the Jan. 29 order so long as it was in
effect.
News reports indicated that the conference went off without incident, although there was
some controversy (and a threatened lawsuit) when conference organizers (backed up by
university officials) barred electronic media coverage of the safe sex workshop session.
A.S.L.
Supreme Court Refuses To Review Gay Cases; Hears Arguments on Indecent Broadcast Rules
The U.S. Supreme Court refused to review an appellate decision from Pennsylvania that upheld
enforcement of a private employment contract requiring termination for homosexuality.
In
refusing to review the decision in DeMuth v. Miller, 652 A.2d 891 (Pa.Super. 1995), the Court
left in place a ruling rejecting the concept that state judicial enforcement of an anti-gay contract
violates the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment.
Petitioner Miller was an accountant employed by respondent DeMuth.
DeMuth included a
provision in his written contract with Miller that specified grounds for termination, including
"homosexuality."
The contract also had a non-compete clause which required a terminated
employee to forfeit any money he earned from former clients of DeMuth's after setting up a
rival accounting practice.
DeMuth discharged Miller after learning he was gay, and never
denied that this was his only motivation, admitting that Miller's work was excellent but asserting
that he did not wish to associate with gay people.
Miller set up an accounting firm that attracted
some of DeMuth's clients.
DeMuth sued Miller to enforce the non-compete clause.
The Pennsylvania courts held the clause enforceable, rejecting the argument that judicial
enforcement of the resulting $110,000 damage award constituted unlawful discrimination against
Miller on the basis of his sexual orientation.
Lambda Legal Defense Fund had petitioned the
U.S. Supreme Court on behalf of Miller, after having unsuccessfully appealed his case within
the Pennsylvania court system.
Lambda Legal Director Beatrice Dohrn had argued the case
before the Pennsylvania Superior Court.
The Court also refused to review a decision by the Rhode Island Supreme Court, State v. Lopes,
660 A.2d 707 (1995), in which the state court rejected a challenge to the sodomy/solicitation
laws.
On Feb. 21, the Court heard argument in Denver Area Educational Telecommunications
Consortium v. F.C.C., No. 94-124, which challenges sec. 10 of the 1992 Cable Act, a provision
allowing cable operators (who have previously been barred from content-based censorship of
leased access cable programming) to ban programming they reasonably believe to be indecent,
or to put such programming on special access channels that can only be received by cable
subscribers who request access in writing.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia upheld the provision last year.
The government has defended on the provision on the
ground that what cable operators decide to do is a private entrepreneurial decision, not state
action subject to the 1st Amendment.
Considerable skepticism about that argument was voiced
by several of the Justices at the oral argument.
A.S.L.
8th Circuit Finds Little Chance of Success in Challenge to Military Policy; 9th Circuit to Hear
Challenge to Gay Conduct Discharge
The question before the court in Reichenberg v. Perry, 1995 WL 763360 (8th Cir., Dec. 26),
was whether to grant an injunction pending appeal to bar the Air Force from discharging the
Appellant, Captain Richard Reichenberg, while the appeal of his discharge order was being
considered. Over a sharp dissent by Chief Judge Richard Arnold, the circuit court ruled that an
injunction would be inappropriate.
The statement of the facts set forth in the majority opinion does not make much sense in the
context of the case. According to the majority opinion, Reichenberg sought separation from the
Air Force after eight years in the service, and when this was denied, volunteered the information
that he was a homosexual, a violation of the military's "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy,
embodied in 10 U.S.C. sec. 654. The opinion then states that he contested his separation, and
when all administrative relief was exhausted, Reichenberg sought an injunction in U.S. District
Court in Nebraska, challenging the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" rule as violative of his constitutional
rourt of appeals ruled that Reichenberg was not entitled to injunctive relief on two grounds.
First, there was no showing of substantial likelihood of success on the merits, as he was
challenging a statute which was the product of lengthy public debate involving the Congress and
the President. The court pointed out that military regulations challenged on First Amendment
grounds are accorded far more deference than similar regulations or statutes designed for civilian
society.
Second, the court ruled thnold stated in dissent that he would grant the injunction and establish an expedited
briefing schedule on the matter, as he found that Reichenberg showed substantial likelihood of
prevailing on appeal.
Arnold stated his belief that no showing had been made that Reichenberg
had engaged in any prohibited conduct.
He was being discharged solely on the grounds of his
statement that he is homosexual, which is taken to create a presumption of propensity to act that
is, at best, "questionable" ("If I am hetr for service during Desert Storm because he told his commanding officers that
he is gay and that he has had sex with other men off-base.
Philips was one of numerous military
members who exuberantly celebrated the election of Bill Clinton in November 19c Defense
The Hawaii Supreme Court unanimously rejected an attempt by the murderer of a gay man to
raise a classic homosexual panic defense.
Affirming a second degree murder conviction in State
v. Kaiama, 1996 WL 76098 (Feb. 23), the court held that the trial judge did not err in failing
to give a manslaughter instruction to the jury.
On the night of November 21, 1991, Roy Kaiama, Jr. and a co-defendant, Reginald Medeiros,
were drinking at a bar when they engaged Jerald Canada in conversation.
Ultimately, Kaiama
and Medeiros went with Canada to the beach where, according to contradictory statements
Kaiama gave to police, Canada indicated his interest in performing oral sex.
Medeiros and
Kaiama responded by beating up Canada, who tried to escape by running into the ocean.
The
defendants then pelted him with rocks.
Canada drowned in the assault.
Although Kaiama's attorney did not request a manslaughter instruction, on appeal Kaiama
contended that he was entitled to such an instruction as a matter of law.
"In support of this
contention," wrote Justice Ramil for the court, "Kaiama advances the following argument:
Considering the fact that [Kaiama] was only 18 years old, did not suspect Canada of being
homosexual, and while in the process of zipping up his pants after urinating, being asked, `I can
suck um right here,' as Canada bent down on his knees and opened his mouth, it is
understandable that [Kaiama] may have reacted with violence.
Kaiama does not argue that his
conduct was anything but `intentional' or `knowing.'
Instead, he appears to be arguing that the
trial court erred in not, sua sponte, providing an `extreme mental or emotional disturbance'
manslaughter instruction. . ."
Rejecting this argument, the court noted that "the ultimate test . . . is objective.
There must be
a reasonable explanation or excuse for the actor's disturbance.
As such, HRS sec. 707-702(2)
`does not authorize mitigation on the basis of individual abnormality without any measure of the
defendant against an objective standard,'", citing State v. Russo, 734 P.2d 156 (Hw. 1987).
The
court found that "the facts adduced at trial show absolutely no `extreme mental or emotional
disturbance' on Kaiama's part.
Nor does the evidence demonstrate any loss of self-control on
Kaiama's part.
If anything, Kaiama's statements to the police indicate that he was completely
under control in the situation.
Additionally, while Kaiama may have believed that his
masculinity was threatened when Canada, whom Kaiama did not `suspect of being homosexual,'
unexpectedly exposed him to a sexual overture, Kaiama's actions fall far short of satisfying any
objectively reasonable explanation.
There is absolutely no possibility that an unwanted sexual
overture, in the circumstances that took place, under the facts of this case, could provide a
reasonable explanation for beating a person, driving him into the ocean, throwing rocks at him
once he escaped into the ocean, and eventually drowning him."
In a footnote, Justice Ramil
commented, "Clearly, Kaiama's violent reaction was not, as he contends, `understandable.'"
The court also rejected a variety of other claims made by Kaiama on appeal and affirmed the
conviction. A.S.L.
@District Court Denies Emotional Distress Claim Founded on
Homophobic Workplace
A recent unofficially reported decision by Judge Robert Patterson
of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
held that office gossip, derogatory comments, and "unfavorable and
discriminatory" treatment by supervisors (condoned by the employer)
does not meet New York's standard for the tort of intentional
infliction of emotional distress, even though such actions "suggest
homophobia" on the part of the employee's co-workers.
Ward v.
Goldman Sachs & Co., 1996 WL 3930 (Jan. 3).
Plaintiff, who resigned from Goldman Sachs after nearly nine years
of service, initially filed suit against his former employer
claiming discrimination under the Americans With Disabilities Act.
Plainted the elements set forth in the Restatement of
Torts for establishing the tort of intentional infliction of
emotional distress: (1) Defendant engaged in extreme or outrageous
conduct, (2) Defendant intended to cause distress or knew its
conduct would ettled a suit by AIDS activists who were unlawfully
subjected to a strip search when they were arrested at a
demonstration outside an FDA office in 1989.
Last year, the 9th
Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the strip searches were
unconstitutional aourt Again Rejects Challenge to Anti-Gay Initiative
Vote
Reconsidering its original opinion, which was reported at 138 Or.
App. 255, 907 P.2d 257 (1995), the Oregon Court of Appeals in
Kinney v. O'Connor modified the opinion but adhered to its originalunty's
counting of votes cast in such an election.
Observing that the
Oregon Supreme Court, in Boytano v. Fritz, 321 Or. 498, 901 P.2d
835 (1995), referred to a dictionary to determine that "enacting"
meant the last act by which a proposal was made into law, the court
of appeals determined that the counting of votes on a proposed
initiative was a step preparatory to the "enacting" of the
initiative.
In examining Article IV, sec. 1(2)(a), of the Oregon
Constitution, which provides that voters can "enact or reject" an
initiative, the court found additional support for its conclusion
that the act of counting votes was not incorporated in the
"enacting" of a measure, since the counting of votes was necessary
to determine whether voters had "enacted or rejected" the measure.
R.M.
Another Outrageous Decision in the Bottoms Case
In its 1995 decision in Bottoms v. Bottoms, 457 S.E.2d 102, the
Virginia Supreme Court reversed the court of appeals and reinstated
a trial court decision to award custody of Sharon Bottoms' son,
Tyler, to Sharon's mother, Kay Bottoms.
One articulated reason for
the decision was that Sharon was living in a lesbian relationship
with April Wade, and Virginia has a sodomy law making that
relationship illicit.
However, other reasons were articulated by
the court as well, relating to Sharon's faults as a housekeeper and
mother, as well as some aspects of Wade's relationship with Tyler.
Since the decision, Tyler has lived with Kay subject to Sharon's
visitation rights, which Kay has thwarted sometimes.
Sharon may
not have Tyler visit in her own home while Wade is there, so she
has rented another apartment for her weekend visitations with
Tyler.
On Feb. 27, Henrico County Judge William G. Boice, who had
originally awarded custody of Tyler to Kay, reaffirmed that award
in spite of testimony by Torrence Harman, a lawyer appointed by the
court to represent Tyler's interests, that it would be in the best
interest of Tyler, now 4-1/2 years old, to return custody to
Sharon.
Harman testified that the accommodations provided by Kay
in a trailer were inferior to the home Sharon could provide and,
more importantly, Tyler's development had been seriously impaired
by the separation from his mother.
Basic learning skill problems
have surfaced, including difficulty in identifying colors, slowness
in learning to count, and personality disorders.
This time around, Judge Boice did not explicitly rely on Sharon's
continuing relationship with Wade, but instead emphasized the
contract under which Sharon and Wade will receive $75,000 and 5
percent of the profits from a movie deal.
"I am less concerned
with her lesbianism than Tyler being made a poster boy for a cause
he could not and did not enlist," stated Boice in court as he made
his ruling.
"I am appalled at the movie contract. [She] continues
to put her interests above that of her child.
For all her
shortcomings, Kay does not."
Prior to the ruling, Kay had dropped
her demand for child support payments and termination of Sharon's
visitation rights.
Stephen B. Pershing, legal director of the ACLU of Virginia, which
is representing Sharon, announced that the ruling would be
appealed, but Sharon's own views were less certain.
Wade indicated
to reporters that Sharon was so shaken by the decision that she
might give up the struggle to regain custody.
Pershing stated that
Sharon and Wade had not sought the movie contract, but reluctantly
gave in after a year and a half of "badgering" by film producers.
Pershing said they decided to take the contract and cooperate with
the filmmakers "so that the story might be a more accurate one."
Richmond Times-Dispatch, Feb. 28.
A.S.L.
D.C. District Court Allows Same-Sex Harassment Claim
Widening a split among the federal courts which have considered the
question, the D.C. District Court held that allegations of
same-gender sexual harassment form the basis of a cognizable Title
VII claim.
Williams v. District of Columbia, 1996 WL 56100 (D.D.C.
Feb. 5).
Germaine Williams alleged that her female supervisor made
sexual comments to her, touched her inappropriately and threatened
to fire her if she did not play along.
"Title VII," Judge Joyce
Hens Green opined, "makes no distinction based on sexual
orientation. . . ."
The court chose not to follow a line of
federal cases holding that same-gender sexual harassment is not
actionable under Title VII, questioning the reasoning of those
cases as a misinterpretation of the legislative intent of Title VII
and as contradicting the classic formulation, created by Meritor
Savings Bank, FSB v. Vinson, 477 U.S. 57 (1986), that a
supervisor's sexual harassment on the basis of a subordinate's
gender is sex discrimination and violative of Title VII.
The
Williams court also distinguishes the facts before it from federal
cases which reject sexual orientation discrimination and
same-gender sexual harassment as actionable under Title VII.
The court refused to view the case as a sexual orientation
discrimination claim, preferring to stay focused on sexual
harassment.
The court also distinguishes this case from cases
where plaintiffs failed to state a claim for same-gender sexual
harassment because they did not allege an abuse of power by the
harasser toward the plaintiff, a factor crucial to the Meritor
definition of quid-pro-quo sexual harassment.
The court also
allowed the plaintiff to maintain her Section 1983 claim, but
dismissed her common law claims on timeliness grounds.
D.W.
Anti-Gay Harassment by Supervisor Insufficient for Negligent
Supervision Claim
In Choroszy v. Wentworth Institute of Technology, 1996 WL 50525 (D.
Mass. Jan. 22), U.S. District Judge O'Toole granted the defendant's
motion to dismiss co-plaintiff Denson Hudgens' claim of negligent
supervision and denied his motion to amend the complaint to add a
claim of sexual harassment.
The court further concluded that
Hudgens had abandoned his claim under the Massachusetts
anti-discrimination statute because he failed to employ the
required administrative remedies.
Those remedies are exclusive for
discrimination in employment claims.
Hudgens was one of defendant's security officers.
When certain
officers harassed another officer (perceiving him to be gay),
Hudgens spoke out against the tormenting officers.
That led the
officers to harass Hudgens.
One officer allegedly even pulled his
service revolver on Hudgens, stating "I should kill you, you're a
faggot."
Plaintiff complained to defendant several times about
these events to no avail.
Defendant eventually terminated
plaintiff.
Plaintiff alleged that defendant's negligent supervision of the
officers resulted in his termination.
The court first noted its
jurisdiction over the state law claims, without analysis.
In a
fairly muddled opinion, the court assumed that Massachusetts would
recognize a common law claim of negligent supervision by an
employee against an employer for employing or retaining an
individual it knew somehow threatened the safety of co-workers.
Nevertheless the court rejected Hudgens' claim.
"The fact that
Hudgens describes what he suffered as damages flowing from
negligent supervision rather than from employment discrimination
does not change the essence of his claim, which he originally
characterized as a discrimination claim."
The court also rejected the claim by invoking the employment at
will doctrine. Massachusetts recognizes certain exceptions to the
doctrine: where the termination breaches of covenant of good faith
inherent in all contracts, where the employer withholds wages for
services rendered prior to the termination, or where the mode of
termination
violates public policy.
None of these exceptions fit
Hudgens' claim. The court concluded this analysis by stating that
even if the discharge was the "product of negligent supervision,
[it] is not an injury cognizable in tort law."
The court then
stated that without reference to the alleged discrimination, "there
is nothing putatively wrongful [sic] about what happened to him."
And, even if the claim was "construed as a valid and separate tort,
the worker's compensation statute would bar his claim."
The court then rejected the amendment for sexual harassment on the
authority of Clarke v. Kentucky Fried Chicken, 57 F.3d 21 (1st Cir.
1995) which held that the claim must be brought under the
Massachusetts anti-discrimination statute, which claim plaintiff
had abandoned.
The court was undeterred by the First Circuit's
decision to delaying rehearing Clarke en banc, pending the outcome
of two cases before the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts
addressing the issue.
M.S.R.
NY State Court System Bans Anti-Gay Bias
The New York State court system has promulgated revisions to the
Code of Judicial Conduct banning judges from engaging in
discriminatory acts or joining discriminatory clubs.
Among the
bases of discrimination banned are "sexual orientation, marital
status, and socioeconomic status" in addition to the usual
categories found in discrimination statutes.
In addition to their
own conduct, the new rules require judges to prohibit lawyers who
practice before them from exhibiting bias through "words or
conduct." New York Law Journal, Feb 6, p. 1.
A.S.L.
Domestic Partnership & Marriage Notes
The Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Great New York (LeGaL) has
compiled a database on legal employer benefit plans that cover
domestic partners.
It includes actual texts of about twenty plans
adopted by New York City legal employers, and several others from
around the U.S.A.
The database is available to those researching
issues raised by such plans.
Contact LeGaL's Professional Services
Committee Chair, Toby Butterfield, at 212-940-8200.
A campaign by right-wing groups to get states to adopt laws barring
recognition of same-sex marriages advanced in February when South
Dakota became the second state to enact such a law.
(Utah passed
an anti-same-sex marriage law last year.)
Bills are pending in
many other state legislatures, although in a few states legislative
proposals seem to have been blocked for now.
The right-wing
campaign received sudden national prominence when an anti-same-sex
marriage rally became a centerpiece for Republican candidates
competing in the Iowa Presidential Caucuses.
But, in a refreshing
change of pace, a Nebraska legislator introduced a bill that would
authorize the state to license same-sex marriages.
He argued that
it was a matter of simple equal rights and fairness, and complained
at the first hearing that news reports about his intentions led to
obscene phone calls from self-identified Christians.
The Hawaii Senate Judiciary Committee voted 5-2 on February 26 to
report a domestic partnership bill favorably to the full Senate.
At the same time, a same-sex marriage bill was defeated 6-1 and a
proposed constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriages and
overrule Baehr v. Lewin was defeated 4-3.
The Baehr case, now
styled Baehr v. Miike, is scheduled for trial beginning in August.
A group of conservative legislatures, alarmed by public statements
of Gov. Ben Cayetano that the state has no compelling interest in
excluding same-sex couples from marriage, is petitioning to
intervene to defend the current marriage law on the ground that the
state will not give it an adequate defense.
A prior attempt by the
Mormon Church to intervene was denied by the Hawaii Supreme Court.
The domestic partnership measure, by the way, has been endorsed by
the Rt. Reverend George Hunt, Episcopal Bishop of Hawaii, so
religious bodies in Hawaii are not uniformly opposed to the
measure.
Eastman Kodak will extend full domestic partner benefits to
employees worldwide effective Jan. 1, 1997, according to a memo to
managers recently distributed.
Full details are yet to be worked
out and will be communicated to employees in the benefits sign-up
materials that are distributed in the fall. * * * Whole Foods
Market (a midwestern retailer that owns Bread & Circus, Wellspring
Grocery, Unicorn, and Texas Health) will offer domestic partnership
benefits for same sex and opposite sex unmarried partners of their
employees beginning in June. * * * Bolt Beranek & Newman announced
extension of medical benefits to same-sex partners of employees in
Massachusetts, and indicated it would extend the benefits to its
employees in other states as soon as it could get insurance
carriers to provide the coverage. * * * There was also an
unconfirmed report that Polaroid has adopted a domestic benefits
plan.
They'd better, if they want to remain competitive in the
labor market with Kodak!
A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
Republicans in the Kentucky legislature are making another attempt
to amend the state's constitution to overrule the Kentucky Supreme
Court's decision in Commonwealth of Kentucky v. Wasson, 842 S.W.2d
487 (1992), which held that the state's sodomy law violated the
state constitutional right of privacy.
According to a report in
the Kentucky Post (Feb. 15), however, political observers gave the
measure little chance of passage in light of the large number of
constitutional amendment proposals facing the legislature, and the
state's limit of four proposed amendments on the ballot every two
years.
The Ohio legislature is working on a proposal to thoroughly revamp
the state's adoption laws.
An amendment was offered to overrule an
Ohio Supreme Court decision of a few years ago that approved gays
adopting kids, but was tabled in the Senate on a vote of 20-11,
effectively killing it. Columbus Dispatch, Feb. 15.
The Metropolitan Human Rights Commission in Portland, Oregon, has
scheduled hearings on March 25 and April 25 to inquire into
discriminated experienced by transsexuals and other sexual
minorities in Portling a proposal to add
transsexuals and transvestites as protected groups under the city's
human rights ordinance.
Oregonian, Feb. 28.
A compromise worked out in a House-Senate conference committee
dealing with the District of Columbia's governmental appropriations
may partially preserve last year's court victory on second-parent
adoptions in the District.
According to a Feb. 2 report in the
Washington Blade, the committee compromise will ban joint adoptions
by unmarried couples (whether same-sal D.C.'s domestic partnership ordinance, but
will keep in place the ban on the District government spending any
of its budget on implementation.
A.S.L.
Public School Notes
Utah legislators are considering a bill that would require parents
to give signed permission for their children to become a member of
any student organization or club that meets at a public school.
Another bill would forbid school employees from encouraging,
condoning, or supporting participation in illegal activities.
Anafrom forming, due to a
federal statute, the Equal Access Law, that forbids discrimination
between student organizations on the basis of their viewpoints.
(The law was passed at the behest of Christian conservatives who
wanted to preserve the right of students to form religiously-based
clubs.)
Oregonian, Feb. 18.
Taking matters into its own hands, however, the Salt Lake City
School Board voted to ban all non-curricular student clubs rather
than be required to extend recognition to a gay studenty student applicants, it
appears that most of the blame is aimed at the School Board's
bigotry and fear.
Most editorial comment around the country was
harshly critical of the School Board.
New York Times, Feb. 28.
Shortly after the school board vote, a group of teachers announced
the formation of a gay and straight teachers' alliance.
The Los
Angeles Times (Feb. 28) reported, however, that the legislature was
"poised to pass a law that could be used to fire homosexual
teachers."
The Los Angeles Times (Feb. 16) reported that Los Angeles Superior
Court Judge Joseph R. Kalin ruled in favor of the teachers union in
West Covina, California, which sued under the 1st Amendment for an
order against the West Covina School Board in a dispute over a
workshop on gay and lesbian issues for middle school teachers.
The
board voted that the workshop could not be held on school premises.
"Trustees in this case have restricted and censored the right of
expression of teachers hired to stimulate and guide young minds
without any basis or justification other than political
considerations," wrote Kalin, who also found the credibility of
elected officials who testified in support of the board's action to
be "sadly lacking."
In August, the school board in Merrimack, New Hampshire, adopted a
policy that forbids any instruction or counseling that has "the
effect of encouraging or supporting homosexuality as a positive
lifestyle alternative."
The policy has already led to the removal
of certain books from study at the school, including a decision to
withdraw Shakespeare's Twelfth Night from a high school English
class curriculum.
On Feb. 15 a group of local parents and
educators filed suit in U.S. District Court in Concord, claiming
the policy violates the 1st Amendment right of freedom of speech
and the concomitant right of students to receive information
without content-based censorship.
Walker v. Merrimack School
Board.
The New Hampshire Civil Liberties Union, Gay & Lesbian
Advocates & Defenders (Boston), People for the American Way, and
the ACLU's Lesbian & Gay Rights Project, joined together to provide
representation to the plaintiffs.
The school board's spokesperson
defended the policy as having been "democratically" enacted.
Send
those board members back to high school civics class!
In 1970s Rhode Island, litigation was necessary to secure Aaron
Fricke the right to bring a boyfriend as his date to the senior
prom.
In Sullivan, Illinois, school officials reacted positively
to a parent's complaint that banning same-sex couples from
attending the prom sent a message of intolerance: they dropped the
ban.
Although no gay students had applied to attend with a same-
sex date, student unrest upon publication of the rule against such
couples led to the parental complaint.
Said school principal
Stuart Hott, "The parent thought we should teach tolerance, and I
agreed."
St. Louis Post Dispatch, Feb. 26.
A.S.L.
A second gay student from Riverside-Brookfield High School in the
Chicago suburbs has joined a pending lawsuit seeking to hold school
officials liable for civil rights violations based on harassment
and other mistreatment of gay students at the school.
The Mario
Doe case will now be joined by John Doe, who alleges that a school
counselor contacted his father and revealed his sexual orientation,
which he had disclosed in confidence to the counselor.
Doe's suit
alleges that after his problems with the counselor, he was
reassigned to a special education program as punishment, and that
there was a pattern of mistreatment of gay students at the school.
Chicago Tribune, Feb. 23.
A.S.L.
NY Court Suggests Attorney General May Not Have Free Hand to
Dismiss Attorneys
After taking office as Attorney General of New York on January 3,
1995, Dennis C. Vacco rescinded an executive order governing
discrimination in the State Law Department and substituted a new
order that omitted "sexual orientation."
Vacco also required
approximately 500 lawyers employed in the Department to submit
resumes and reapply for their positions.
In the resulting
"reorganization" many of the openly-lesbian or gay attorneys in the
Department lost their jobs.
Now a New York State Supreme Court
Justice, Emily Jane Goodman, ruling on a motion to dismiss in a
suit brought by an attorney whose job was terminated in the
reorganization, has suggested that given the size of the Law
Department many of the attorney positions may not be exempt from
civil service protection.
Herman v. Vacco, NYLJ, 2/14/95, p.30,
col.3 (Sup.Ct., N.Y. County).
Vacco had moved to dismiss Herman's
claim on the ground that Herman was an "at will" employee of the
Law Department, exempt from civil service protection.
Goodman
questioned the grounds for exemption, noting the general preference
for finding government positions to be covered by civil service
protection and reducing the scope of pure patronage appointments.
While the tiny Law Department of 18th century vintage probably
involved all of its small group of attorneys in close, policy-
making relationships with the Attorney General, Goodman suggested
that the large department of the present day does not have the same
character.
She also rejected Vacco's suggestion that the statute
of limitations barred the action, observing that "the exercise of
a power which offends the Constitution may be attacked at any
time."
Vacco is likely to appeal, in light of the large number of
terminations that might be affected by an ultimate ruling on the
merits in this case.
A.S.L.
Military Notes
Don't Ask, Don't Tell?
It don't work, was the conclusion of the
Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, which issued a report Feb. 27
on the first full federal fiscal year of the infamous policy.
As
reported in the New York Times of that date, the Army, Navy and
Marines discharged a combined total of 488 service members under
these regulations in the fiscal year ended Oct. 1, 1995, a 17
percent increase over the prior year.
(Air Force figures were not
available.) The report also concluded that if the policy was
intended to shield lesbian and gay servicemembers from intrusive
investigations, it was an abysmal failure.
Any argument that the
policy is intended to let lesbians and gay men serve in the
military so long as they keep quiet about their sexual orientation
seems belied by some of the tactics mentioned in the report.
Coincidentally, just days earlier the Ministry of Defense of the
United Kingdom issued a report to Parliament recommending a
continuation of that country's ban on military service by lesbians
and gay men.
As reported by the Associated Press in an article
published Feb. 25 in several newspapers, the Ministry's Legal
Advisor stated that the British government would likely lose a
challenge to the ban before the European Court of Human Rights, but
stated that social attitudes had not yet evolved to the point where
allowing gays to serve openly would be consistent with maintaining
order and morale, and speculated that social attitudes may never
develop to that point.
The Ministry report based its
recommendation to keep the ban solely on the contention that
hostility from heterosexual service members made it necessary to
exclude all openly gay people.
A survey of British military
personnel showed 80 percent opposed to lifting the ban.
Further on the military: the Defense Authorization Bill signed on
Feb. 10 by President Clinton not only mandates discharge of HIV+
service members within six months (see below), but also provides
that colleges and universities that prohibit ROTC units from being
maintained or established cannot receive Defense Department grants
and contracts.
Washington Times, Feb. 23. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
Another first: Tom Cunningham, an openly gay flower shop owner, was
elected Mayor of South Miami, Florida, with 57% of the vote.
Cunningham, a Vietnam War veteran, won a competition as "Mr. Gay
Alabama" in 1978, moved to Dade County and became chairman of the
board of Cure AIDS Now after his lover died from AIDS.
He was
elected to the South Miami Commission with 61% of the vote two
years ago.
Cunningham was sworn in to office by openly-lesbian
Dade County Judge Victoria Sigler.
Sun Sentinel, Feb. 19.
On Feb. 27, the New York Civil Liberties Union and an attorney
representing more than seventy business owners filed a lawsuit in
New York Supreme Court challenging the constitutionality of a
zoning measure passed by the New York City Council last year to
restrict the operations of sex-related businesses.
New York Times,
Feb. 28.
Under the zoning restrictions, sex-related businesses
could only operate in circumscribed manufacturing and commercial
areas, and would have to be more than 500 feet from homes, schools,
churches, or other sex-related businesses.
Existing businesses in
violation of the zoning rules were given one year to relocate or
close.
If the restrictions are sustained, many gay-related
businesses located in residential areas (including the heart of gay
Greenwich Village) will have to close.
A.S.L.
Also late in February a coalition of groups concerned with freedom
of speech and four of the largest consumer on-line information
networks joined together in a lawsuit challenging the
constitutionality of the new Communications Decency Act, a
provision of recent telecommunications legislation that makes
knowingly transmitting indecent or patently offensive sexual
material over communications networks where children may access
such material a federal felony.
In pretrial skirmishing, U.S.
District Judge Ronald L. Buckwalter, who will participate on the
three-judge panel that will formally hear the challenge in March,
ruled that the portion of the law banning indecent material was
facially unconstitutional on vagueness grounds.
New York Times,
Feb. 26. * * * In mid-February, Compuserve responded to an
outpouring of protest by unblocking its subscribers' access to 245
Internet sites that had been blocked earlier in response to a
German prosecutor's request.
Gay activists had charged that the
sites chosen for blockage were based solely on the presence of
words like sex and gay in their identifiers without any serious
investigation of whether they carried material that might be found
illegal.
Compuserve continues to block five sites whose
identifiers indicate pedophile content.
Washington Blade, Feb. 16.
Several newspapers early in February reported that the California
Court of Appeal, 2nd District, reversed a 1993 custody ruling in
which the Superior Court awarded custody of a young girl, Courtney
Thomas, to a gay man who was a close friend of Courtney's mother.
The trial court had decided to treat Douglas Thomas as the
equivalent of a biological father. We have been unable to locate
the appellate decision on-line, but will report details if it
becomes available. The case goes back to the trial court for
reconsideration of custody.
The Chicago Commission on Human Relations imposed a $100 fine on
the Chicago Area Councilly for employment by the Council.
G. Keith Richardson
called the Council to inquire about employment opportunities and
was told there was "no way" the Council would hire a gay man.
Richardson, 35, had been an Eagle Scout admitted to the prestigious
Order of the Arrow when a youth.
The ACLU represented him in his
complaint to the Commission.
The Council vowed to appeal.
Chicago
Tribune, Feb. 22.
A Court for the Trial of a Bishop of the Episcopal Church gathered
in Wilmington, Delaware, to condeacon of the church.
The hearing convened on Feb.
27 in the Cathedral of St. John was for the purpose of inquiring
into whether the church actually has doctrine that was violated by
Righter's actions.
Proponents of the trial claim that a 1979
resolution adopted by the church's general convention, stating that
it was "inappropriate" for the church to ordain a practicing
homosexual, was binding church doctrine.
Righter's defenders
insist that Episcopalian practice is to allow each local diocese toected a
motion to dismiss a lawsuit brought by the family of Scott Amedure
against the producers and owners of the Jenny Jones Show.
Jonathan
Schmitz, a guest on the show, awaits trial on first-degree murder
charges in the death of Amedure, who appeared with him at a taping
of a segment of the show concerning "secret admirers."
Amedure
stated on camera that he had a crush on Schmitz, who three days
later went to Amedure's mobile home and shot him to death,
according to police reports.
The defendants had argued that
allowing the suit to proceed would unconstitutionally chill their
free speech rights.
"If that happens," said Schnelz, "so be it,
but this court considers this a simple negligence case where people
are being called to task for alleged actions which may have done
harm to others, no more, no less."
Chicago Tribune, Feb. 29.
A.S.L.
International Notes
The Stonewall Group, a lesbian and gay rights advocacy organization
in England, announced in a Feb. 23 press release that its attempt
to gain a formal amendment to British immigration law to treat
same-sex partners on the same basis as unmarried heterosexual
partners for immigration purposes had backfired.
In response to
the amendment, Immigration Minister Timothy Kirkhope ied couples for immigration purposes since
1988.
Stonewall reports that about sixty applications had been
submitted by same-sex couples to the Home Office during 1995, of
which three were granted on "compassionate grounds" and nine others
were granted where the couples filed lawsuits and the Home Office
determined it was likely to lose in court.
A.S.L.
A member of a lesbian domestic partnership that ended after ten
years has been held entitled to an award under Ontario provincial
laws governing alimony and support, according to the "Ottawa
Citizen" of Feb. 13.
In "H. v. M.", an action between the two
women, Justice Gloria Epstein of the Ontario Court's General
Division held that the definition of "spouse" in the Ontario Family
Support Act, which was apparently limited to heterosexual couples,
violated the plaintiff's constitutional rights to equality.
The
two women met in 1980 and moved in together two years later.
Over
the years the women pooled their
money, started an advertising
ageing the
telephone, handling the accounting, and doing "more than her share"
of domestic chores.
When the relationship ended, the plaintiff was
left with only a few belongings.
The defendant's attorney
announced an intent to appeal the decision.
R.M.
Some nations export terrorism and revolution.
The Netherlands has
decided to export gay rights.
The Associated Press reported late
in January that the Dutch Ministry of Development Cooperation has
instructed Dutch embassies in Africa, Asia, Latin America and the
Caribbean to look out for local lesbian and gay rights groups that
could use financial assistance, which would be extended by the
Dutch government.
Arizona Republic, Jan. 25.
A.S.L.
New South Wales (Australia) Supreme Court Justice David Hodgson
used a promissory estoppel theory to rule that the non-biological
lesbian co-parent of children can be ordered to make a lump sum
payment for child support after the breakup of a relationship. "In
my opinion," wrote Hodgson, "it is unconscionable for the defendant
now to seek to make no contribution whatsoever to the upbringing of
the children."
Baltimore Sun, Feb. 3. According to an Internet
posting by Jenni Millbank, Faculty of Law, University of Sydney,
this is the first recognition of a lesbian co-parent by an
Australian court.
Millbank points out the pluses and minuses: on
the one hand, this is judicial recognition of co-parent
responsibility where the children were conceived based on an
understanding between the women that they would both be responsible
as parents.
On the other hand, no rights come with this
responsibility, since there is not yet Australian law recognizing
a non-biological parent for purposes of custody, visitation, or
post-breakup decision-making about the children.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
The Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York (LeGaL)
held its Annual Dinner at Tavern on the Green in Central Park on
February 29.
The keynote speaker for the occasion was The
Honorable Charles Schumer, a member of the U.S. House of
Representatives from a New York City district.
The Ohio Human
Rights Bar Association announced that its Annual Dinner would be
held in Columbus at the Hyatt Regency on March 16, with The
Honorable Thomas Moyer, Chief Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court, as
keynote speaker.
The Advocate posthumously "outed" former Congresswoman Barbara
Jordan in a cover story dated March 5, 1996.
Jordan, who died Jan.
17 at 59, achieved national fame as a member of the House Watergate
Committee and a spellbinding speaker at national Democratic Party
conventions.
After retiring from politics she pursued an academic
career at the University of Texas's Johnson School of Government.
Most openly lesbian or gay judges gain
But now a rare open seat to be filled directly by election on the
San Francisco Municipal Court has stimulated a primary campaign
among three openly lesbian or gay contenders (the only candidates
for the seat), which will be decided during the California primary
voting on March 26.
Ron Albers, Matthew Rothschild, and Kay Tsenin
are the contenders. Washington Blade, Feb. 9.
A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Local Zoning Laws or Residential Restrictive Covenants Do Not
Prohibit Use of Residences as Group Homes for AIDS Patients
In two cases from opposite ends of the nation, state courts gave
rulings making it more difficult for communities to oust group
homes for AIDS patients under local zoning rules or residential
restrictive covenants.
The Supreme Court of New Mexico in Hill v. Community of Damien of
Molokai, 1996 WL 55953 (N.M. Jan. 9), ruled that a group home for
four persons with AIDS, by virtue of their communal meals and
spiritual activities, as well as their mutual reliance on each
other for social, emotional and financial support, made the home
more akin to a traditional family residence than a commercial
rooming house.
The court held that the undefined term "family" as
used in the restrictive family covenant which regulated the
neighborhood should be broadly defined to include more than a group
of individuals related by blood or law.
The court found that the
group home exhibited the stability, permanency and functional
lifestyle of a traditional family unit including small group homes within the
definition of the term `family,'" wrote Justice Frost for the
court.
The court also found that the Federal Fair Housing Act prohibited
enforcement of the restrictive covenant because it had the effect
of discriminating on the basis of handicap.
Although no
discriminatory motive was found, the covenant was found to have the
effect of denying housing to disabled individuals who need
congregate living arrangements in order to live in traditional
neighborhoodsted
vehicular traffic in excess of what would be expected in an average
residential area was irrelevant in determining whether the group
home violated the residential covenant, since nothing in
restrictive covenant regulated either traffic or parking.
Meanwhile, in Eichlin v. Zoning Hearing Board of New Hope Borough,
1996 WL 61330 (Pa.Cmwlth., Feb. 14), the Commonwealth Court of
Pennsylvania upheld a ruling that a non-profit corporation could
renovate a structure for use as a family home for eightment and lack of profit-
making motive.
Because the individuals would live, cook, clean,
worship, socialize and share the premises as a single housekeeping
unit, the court determined the property owner to have established
a caring, nurturing environment, thus allowing the home to operate
under the zoning ordinance.
The fact that the residents would pay
rent and have leases were inconclusive in either determining a
profit motive or that the cohabitation was impermanent.
"[E]ven
though children wil," wrote Judge Colins. R.D.L.
District Court Refuses to Dismiss Tort Claims Against Government by
Student Victim of Needle-Stick
Jane Doe, a student in the phlebotomy training program at Erie
Community College, was required to perform a twelve-hour hospital
rotation at the Buffalo Veterans Administration Center, governed by
an affiliation agreement between the Center and the College.
Part
of her assignment was to learn how to draw blood, under the
supervision of a Center employee.
She was assu-stick injury.
She was later notified
that the patient was HIV+.
Although she has not subsequently
tested HIV+, she claims to have suffered severe emotional distress,
and her husband claims to have sustained loss of consortium
injuries.
As soon as the incident was reported to Center
authorities, they filed a claim on her behalf under the Federal
Employees Compensation Act (FECA), a workers compensation law for
federal employees.
Doe and her husband filed suit against the government under theng that Doe's tort
claims are precluded by the FECA claim, which had been initially
accepted by the Secretary of Labor for filing.
Doe responded that
she never filed the FECA claim; it was filed by the Center,
presumably to forestall her ability to assert tort claims.
She
also argued that she was not a federal employee under the
circumstances, noting that due to sloppy procedures the Center did
not have her fill out paperwork governing her temporary assignment
as a Center "employee" during her roty of
Labor in arguing that the incident was not covered by FECA.
Curtin
noted that there were significant factual questions to be resolved
about Doe's employee status.
Consequently, she denied the
government's motion, but stayed further proceedings in the case
until either the court was notified that the Secretary of Labor had
issued a final determination on the FECA claim or the Does informed
the court of their intention to pursue the FECA claim, in which
case the action would be dismissed.
Doe te
In Baeta v. Officer Kennidy, 1996 WL 79831 (N.D.Cal. Feb. 8), U.S.
District Judge Smith dismissed a prisoner's claim that his civil
rights were violated by the placement of an HIV+ prisoner in his
cell.
Finding that there is "an overwhelming consensus of medical
and scientific opinion regarding the nature and transmission of
AIDS" and that "in a nonsexual context, an individual with AIDS
does not present a significant risk of communicating an infectious
disease to others," Smith noted that Baeta had "presented no facts
to the Court which indicate that the particular HIV positive inmate
with whom he was called placed him at risk on contracting HIV
through either intimate sexual contact or invasive exposure to
contaminated blood of certain oafter receiving
a blood transfusion during elective surgery.
It didn't crossed his
mind that the Red Cross may have been negligent until 1990 when a
friend informed Doe that someone had won a case against the Red
Cross for supplying HIV-contaminated blood.
It was then, five
years after the surgery, and three years after discovering his HIV
infection, that Doe filed suit against the American Red Cross.
Defendants moved for summary judgment arguing that the suit was
time barred by the two year statute of limitations for tortious
injuries.
The Oregon Supreme Court, in Doe v American Red Cross, 1996 WL
41675 (Feb. 1), denied defendant's motion for summary judgment and
ruled that since the defendant did not offer evidence to show that
a person making a reasonable inquiry could have discovered the
tortious conduct of the Red Cross, the statute of limitations was
not necessarily tolled by Doe's 1987 discovery of HIV infection.
The court relied on the discovery rule set forward in Gaston v.
Parsons, 318 Or. 247, 864 P.2d 1319 (1994), which said that a
legally cognizable injury has occurred when a plaintiff, exercising
reasonable care, knows or should know that there has been 1) harm,
2) causation, and 3) tortious conduct.
Defendants argued that when
Doe learned of his HIV infection in 1987, he was on inquiry notice
of the possibility of tortious conduct on the part of the Red Cross
and his failure to inquire into the possible tortious conduct was
a failure in the exercise of reasonable care.
While the Supreme
Court granted that, as a matter of law, Doe's 1987 discovery of his
HIV infection was sufficient to put Doe on inquiry notice that the
Red Cross may have been negligent, the question remained as to what
he would have learned had he diligently inquired into the
possibility of Red Cross negligence.
The court ruled that the
"should have known" standard makes an issue of whether the tortious
conduct on the part of the Red Cross was knowable. Since no
evidence was offereummary judgment in a negligence action brought by the
ex-wife of a hemophiliac with AIDS, the Texas Court of Appeals,
Corpus Christi, ruled Feb. 29 that a health care provider has a
duty to notify a patient of his possible exposure to HIV during the
course of treatment.
Garcia v. Santa Rosa Health Care Corp., 1996
WL 87108.
Linda Balderas Garcia met Adalberto Balderos in 1987 and they were
married on March 12, 1988.
At the time, Balderos was not aware
that he was HIV+.
Balderos was a hemophiliac who was apparently
infected with HIV in 1980 while under treatment at Santa Rosa
Health Care due to injection with tainted blood-clotting
medication.
In the mid-1980s Santa Rosa became aware of the
possibility that its hemophiliac patients might have been exposed
to AIDS, but, Garcia alleges, never contacted Balderos about that
possibility.
Balderos did not discover his infection until he
became ill and was tested in December 1989.
Garcia and Balderas
were subsequently divorced.
Garcia has not tested positive.
Balderas and Garcia filed suit against Santa Rosa, alleging
negligent failure to notify which, Balderas contends, delayed his
treatment thus probably shortening his lifespan while needlessly
exposing Garcia to the risk of HIV infection.
Garcia claims
infliction of emotional distress through Santa Rosa's negligence.
Santa Rosa moved to dismiss Garcia's claims on grounds of statute
of limitations and no duty owed to her, a non-patient.
The trial
court granted summary judgment for the defendant.
In an opinion by Judge Yanez, the court of appeals held that Garcia
could sue based on Santa Rosa's duty to notify Balderas about his
potential exposure to HIV, since it was reasonably foreseeable that
Balderas, ignorant of his HIV+, might unknowingly expose others to
risk of infection.
Thus, Garcia was a foreseeable beneficiary of
Santa Rosa's duty to notify Balderas.
The court found that the
record of allegations by all parties filed around the summary
judgment motion created a factual issue about whether Santa Rosa
adequately notified Balderas when it mailed him notices and placed
telephone calls asking him to come in for annual physical check-ups
during the mid to late 1980s.
(Balderas claimed that he was never
expressly notified of potential HIV exposure, while Santa Rosa
claimed the written notices all mentioned that HIV-testing would be
part of the examination.
Balderas never went for the annual
physicals because he had time conflicts with his job and felt
well.)
On the limitations issue, the court found that Garcia was
entitled to the benefit of the "discovery" rule, since there was no
way she would know of her claim until Balderas became sick and was
tested in 1989, and that the Texas statute setting a short
limitations period for malpractice claims was inapplicable to her
because she was never Santa Rosa's patient.
A.S.L.
Veterans' Appeal Court Rules on HIV Claim
In a memorandum decision containing fewer than a thousand words,
but nearly a hundred acronyms and abbreviations, the Court of
Veterans Appeals upheld a ruling that a veteran's service
connection for HIV should be made effective from the date he filed
his first successful claim, not the date his symptoms first
appeared.
ZD v. Secretary of Veterans Affairs, 1996 WL 26173
(Vet.App. Jan. 18).
ZD served in the Air Force from 1982 through 1985. In 1986, he
complained of symptoms suggestive of HIV disease, and noted one
"involuntary homosexual contact" on a medical form, but was
misdiagnosed.
ZD filed a claim for service connection for
lymphoma, which was denied; the denial was not appealed.
ZD was
finally diagnosed with AIDS in 1991, and filed a new claim for
service connection; in 1992, this claim was granted, with a 100%
rating, effective as of its filing date. ZD contested the effective
date, arguing that it should have been the date he first complained
of symptoms.
Ruling in 1994, the Bureau of Veterans Appeals (BVA)
opined that in order to prevail, ZD would need to reverse the
denial of his first claim; to do so, ZD needed to show, based on
the facts as they were known in 1986, a clear and unmistakable
error (CUE).
The BVA found that ZD had failed to establish CUE.
Writing for the appellate court, Judge Kramer obseon, or
otherwise not in accordance with law," Kramer ruled that ZD had
failed to meet this burden, and granted the Secretary's motion for
summary affirmance. The treatment of HIV+ military personnel has
received widespread attention lately, following the enactment of a
law that mandates they be discharged and denied some of the
benefits accorded to other veterans.
President Clinton signed the
law despite saying it was unconstitutional, and said his
administration would not defend it in a court challenge.
O.R.D.
New Mexico Supreme Court Will Review Emotional Distress Issue
The New Mexico Supreme Court announced that it will review a recent
decision by the state's Court of Appeals that placed New Mexico in
the minority of states that will allow a negligent infliction of
emotional distress claim for an uninfected person who claims to
have suffered emotional distress based on possible (but not actual)
exposure to HIV.
Madrid v. Lincoln County Medical Center, 909 P.2d
14 (N.M.App., Oct. 3, 1995), cert. granted, Dec. 7, 1995.
Sonia
Madrid was transporting medical samples from the hospital to a
laboratory for analysis.
Due to allegedly negligent packing of the
samples, Madrid "was splashed on her hands and elsewhere with a
bloody fluid."ted until
she had repeatedly tested negative over a period of time.
She
claims emotional distress damages from time of exposure until such
time as she was sure she was not infected.
The trial judge granted
the defendants' motion to dismiss, finding no actionable harm to a
plaintiff who had not been shown to have actually been exposed to
HIV (and thus who was never in danger of infection from this
incident.)
Reversing, the Court of Appeals reviewed the now-substantial
caselaw from other jurisdictions on emotional distress claims
brought by uninfected plaintiffs.
The court noted that the
majority trend had been to deny such claims where there was no
"actual exposure," but concluded, in light of New Mexico's evolving
very liberal approach to emotional distress claims in a variety of
settings, that the New Mexico courts would side with the minority
of jurisdictions that have allowed such claims.
The court found
that the hospital defendant did have a duty of care to a person in
Ms. Madrid's situation, and that her factual allegations of breach
of duty and emotional harm stemming directly from the breach were
sufficient to state a cause of action.
A.S.L.
Supreme Court Refuses to Review HIV Insurance Fraud Case
The U.S. Supreme Court denied certiorari in Fioretti v.
Massachusetts General Life Insurance Co., 53 F.2d 1228 (11th Cir.
1995), cert. denied, 116 S.Ct. 708 (Jan. 8), in which the 11th
Circuit upheld a decision that invalidated a life insurance policy
issued to a person with AIDS who had used a "stand-in" to pass the
HIV test required for purchase of the policy.
The Court also
refused to get involved in a dispute about the ability of drug
companies to distribute generic versions of AZT, letting standing
a Federal Circuit decision upholding the patent of Boroughs
Wellcome (now known as Glaxo Wellcome).
Barr Laboratories v.
Burroughs Wellcome Co., 40 F.2d 1223 (Fed.Cir. 1994), cert. denied,
116 S.Ct. 771 (Jan. 16). A.S.L.
NY Appellate Court Reverses Discrimination Detscriminated
against an HIV positive woman who sought overnight accommodations.
Rescue Mission Alliance v. Mercado, 1996 WL 42293 (N.Y.A.D.
4 Dept. Feb. 2).
Evidence at the hearing showed that in December
1992, the complainant admitted herself to the Lydia Center, a
program for drug and alcohol addiction
that is a division of the
Rescue Mission.
During that stay, complainant informed the staff
that she was HIV+.
On July 1, 1993, complainant sought overnight
accommodations at the Alcohol Crisis Cat she had no health problems, the staff member
challenged that assertion because a check of a computer database
revealed that complainant had previously informed the Mission that
she had AIDS.
Upon learning that the Mission had this information,
the complainant became upset and ended up walking out the door.
The Commissioner of Human Rights determined that there was a
violation of the New York Human Rights law and ordered the rescue
Mission to pay complainant $2,500 in compensatory damages.
The
Appellate Division found that the Commissioner's determination was
not supported by substantial evidence and lacks a rational basis.
Based on that determination the determination of the Commissioner
was annulled.
T.V.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
On Feb. 10 President Clinton signed the Defense Reauthorization
Bill that contains a requirement for the discharge of all HIV+
service members without exception.
Clinton announced that he
considers this provision unconstitutional and only signed the bill
because of other provisions he felt were necessary, including a
long-deferred military pay raise.
Clinton instructed the Justice
Department not to defend this provision if it was attached in a law
suit, and stated that discharges under the provision would be
delayed to the last possible moment to allow for a lawsuit to be
brought.
A bipartisan coalition formed in the Senate behind a
repeal bill.
Meanwhile, the Clinton administration and the press
appeared to collaborate on production of stori89.
Sharpe announced he would
appeal the verdict.
New York Times, Feb. 18.
The New York legislature approved a bill that would require Empire
Blue Cross & Blue Shield to continue providing individual health
insurance policies for 650 critically ill people whose insurance
was to have been canceled at the end of 1996.
Empire has been
losing money on individual policies, and sought to cut out this
business.
The problem was that the individuals concerned would be
barred from obtaining adequate auld sign it, his administration not having made any direct
commitment on the measure.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
The Alliance for Justice has announced an essay contest for law
students on the topic "Liberty Under S Raskin, Washington College of Law, Program on Law and
Government, American University, 4400 Massachusetts Ave., N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20016.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Franke, Katherine M., The Central Mistake of Sex Discrimination
Lpring 1995).
Kent, Felix H., Advertising Law: The Use of the Term "Olympics",
N.Y.L.J., 2/16/96, p.3 (interesting discussion of Gay Olympics
decision by US Sup.Ct. [1987] and its ramifications for advertising
law).
Koppelman, Andrew, Gaze in the Mlitary's Policy on Lesbians, Gays and Bisexuals, 64 UMKC L. Rev.
199 (Fall 1995).
Strasser, Mark, Domestic Relations Jurisprudence and the Great,
Slumbering Baehr: On Definitional Preclusion, Equal Protection, and
Fundamental Interests, 64 Fordham L. Rev. 921 (Dec. 1995).
Testy, Kellye T., An Unlikely Resurrection, 90 Northwestern
U.L.Rev. 219 (Fall 1995) (lesbian legal theory critique of contract
law).
Wells-Petry, Melissa, Sneaking a Wink at Homosexuals? Three Case
Studies on Policies Concerning Homosexuality in the United States
Armed Forces, 64 UMKC L. Rev. 3 (Fall 1995).
Wilets, James D., Using International Law to Vindicate the Civil
Rights of Gays and Lesbians in United States Courts, 27 Col. Hum.
Rts. L. Rev. 33 (Fall 1995).
Woodruff, William A., A Reply to Professor Koppelman, 64 UMKC L.
Rev. 195 (Fall 1995) (see Koppelman, above).
Woodruff, William A., Homosexuality and Military Service:
Legislation, Implementation, and Litigation, 64 UMKC L. Rev. 121
(Fall 1995).
Wolley, Alice, Excluded by Definition: Same-Sex Couples and the
Right to Marry, 45 U. Toronto L. J. 471 (Fall 1995).
Young, Gary L, Jr., The Price of Public Endorsement: A Reply to Mr.
Marcossen, 64 UMKC L. Rev. 99 (Fall 1995) (Reply to Marcossen's
article cited above, A Price Too High).
Student Notes & Comments:
D'Amato, Anthony Dominic, Conflict of Laws Rules and the Interstate
Recognition of Same-Sex Marriages, 1995 U. Ill. L. Rev. 911.
Little, Christine, Adoption: Parent Versus Parent Custody Battles
When a Parent Is Gay or Lesbian: Is the Oklahoma Standard in the
Best Interests of the Child?, 47 Okla. L. Rev. 695 (Winter 1994).
Opie, George, The Free Exercise of Religion -- State Court Devalues
Landlords' Constitutional Rights. Attorney General v. Desilets, 636
N.E.2d 233 (Mass. 1994), 20 S. Ill. U. L. J. 181 (Fall 1995).
Paul, Richard M. III, and Derek Rose, The Clash Between the First
Amendment and Civil Rights: Public University Nondiscrimination
Cases, 60 Missouri L. Rev. 8
of Societal Ills?, 3 San Diego Justice J. 419 (Summer 1995).
Wehren, Lisa, Same-Gender Sexual Harassment Under Title VII: Garcia
v. Elf Atochem Marks a Step in the Wrong Direction, 32 Cal. Western
L. Rev. 87 (Fall 1995).
Constitutional Law -- Freedom of Speech -- D.C. Circuit Upholds
Daytime Ban on Broadcast Indecency, 109 Harv. L. Rev. 864 (Feb.
1996).
Book Reviews:
Belknap, Joanne, Hate Crimes: Confronting Violence Against Lesbians
and Gay Men, by Herek & Berrill, 20 Crim. Justice Rev. 81 (Spring
1995).
Symposia:
"Don't Ask, Don't Tell:" Gays in the Military, 64 UMKC L. Rev. No.
1 (Fall 1995)(individual articles noted above).
Specially Noted:
Last fall's as-yet unpublished decision by a New Jersey trial judge
in Dale v. Boy Scouts of America (Monmouth County Superior Court)
is subjected to an enthusiastic skewering by retired judge and
former New Jersey State Bar Association President Martin L. Haines
in his column in the New Jersey Law Journal of February 12.
Haines
po of the article: "Rampant
Homophobia."
In a lengthy op-ed piece titled "Mystique of the Phantom `Gay
Gene': Biology or Diversity, The Hunt for Medical Clues of
Homosexual Behavior Only Leads to Deeper Questions" (Seattle Times,
Feb. 25), Prof. Philip L. Bereano of the Washington University
College of Engineering takes on the genetic evidence on the cause
of sexual orientation and finds it inconclusive and beside the
point for purposes of deciding civil rights questions.
His
conclusion: "We nee afforded protection against discrimination based on their
sexual orientation.
It is naive to think that a biological
explanation of homosexuality would provide a technological fix for
the social problem of discrimination."
Interesting reading.
Just published: Sex Wars: Sexual Dissent and Political Culture, an
anthology edited by Lisa Duggan and Nan D. Hunter, published by
Routledge.
Intended for use in courses on Lesbian and Gay Studies,
Women's Studies, Law & Legal Studies, U.S. Politics, andIDS
Phobia: Legal Implications of the Low Risk of Transmitting HIV in
the Health Care Setting, 28 U. Mich. J. L. Reform 733 (Summer 1995)
(Eric N. Richardson & Salvatore J. Russo, editors).
Jacobs, Daniel J., AIDS: A Selective Bibliography of Legal, Social
and Medical Aspects, Update 11, 50 Record of the Assoc'n of the Bar
of the City of N.Y. 934 (December 1995).
Pomeranz, Sharon, Condoms Overturned on Appeal: Teens Stripped of
Their Rights, 4 Am. U. J. Gender & L. 219 (Fall 1995).
Student Nouthwestern U.
L. Rev. 205 (1995).
Kohn, Laurie S., Infecting Attorney-Client Confidentiality: The
Ethics of HIV Disclosure, 9 Georgetown J. Legal Ethics 547 (Winter
1996).
Richardson, Eric Wade, Who Is a Qualified Individual With a
Disability Under the Americans With Disabilities Act, 64 U. Cin. L.
Rev. 189 (Fall 1995).
Constitutional Law -- Due Process and Free Exercise --
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Holds That School-Based Condom
Program Does Not Violate Parents' Rights, 109 Harv.
by a Cardiac Surgeon, 334 NEJM 555; R. Harpaz, et al., Transmission
of Hepatitis B Virus to Multiple Patients From a Surgeon Without
Evidence of Inadequate Infection Control, 334 NEJM 549.
Both
reports noted that documented cases of hepatitis transmission from
surgeons to patients are rare.
In an accompanying editorial, The
Infected Health Care Provider, Dr. Julie Louise Gerberding of the
University of California, San Francisco, discussed the risks of
transmission of contagious agents during surgeng consent to operate]
could be considered overly conservative."
Dr. Gerberding pointed
out that the ultimate risks of morbidity from transmission to
patients is in the order of from 2.4 to 24 deaths per million
operations.
"This risk is one order of magnitude lower than the
risk of anesthesia-associated mortality and at least three orders
of magnitude lower than the risk of acquiring a postoperative wound
infection.
In fact, health care providers are far more likely than
their patients to contraor or send by e-mail. * * * 1995 Case Tables for Lesbian/Gay
Law Notes have been prepared for distribution to subscribers, and
have been posted to the Queer Resources Directory on the Internet.
Individual printed copies may be obtained from the Circulation
person at LeGaL.
A.S.L.
Letters to Law Notes for March 1996
To the Editor,
I am writing to correct a misstatement of facts concerning Boston
Mayor Thomas M. Menino's position on the granting of health
benefits to the domestic partners of City employees.
In 1996
Lesbian/Gay Law Notes 7, it states "Backing away from a campaign
pledge, Boston Mayor Thomas Menino refused to support pending city
council legislation that would extend benefits to domestic partners
of city employees."
While Mayor Menino and Corporation Counsel Merita Hopkins have
determined that the ordinance proposed by Boston City Councillor
Thomas Keane and former Councillor John Nucci, is illegal under
current state law, the Mayor has not backed away from his campaign
pledge on this issue.
When then acting Mayor Menino was asked in
a questionaire from the Lesbian and Gay Political Alliance of Mass
(formerly the Greater Boston Lesbian and Gay Political Alliance)
whether he supported health insurance coverage for same sex
domestic partners, he replied "I favor equivalent coverage for
domestic partners to existing family benefits, and I will support
efforts to amend (Mass General Laws) M.G.L Chapter 32B in order to
make this legally permissible."
Since 1992, the official legal opinion of the Corporation Counsel
of the City of Boston has been that Chapter 32B does not permit the
extension of benefits to the domestic partners of City employees.
Mayor Menino has consistently supported the legal extension of
benefits.
In order to accomplish this, the Mayor has taken several
steps:
1) he extended a Pilot Program which grants access to
health benefits for domestic partners of city employees at the
employee's expense; 2) he supported, and sent me to the state
legislature to testify in favor of, legislation filed by the Mass.
Gay and Lesbian Political Caucus, which would amend state law to
allow benefits for state and municipal employees; and 3) he filed
a home rule petition with the City Council to obtain approval from
the Legislature to legally extend benefits.
We are currently
working on lining up support in the Boston delegation and from
other legislators, so that we can win approval of the petition.
There are some in the community who have a different interpretation
as to the legality of simply extending the benefits outright under
the current statute as written.
Mayor Menino believes that the
only proper way to legally extend the benefits is by amending state
law or through home rule.
We arinaccurate and
unfair.
John N. Affuso, Esq.
Mayor's Liaison to the Gay and Lesbian Community
City of Boston
Editor's Response:
We stand corrected.
Our account was based on
articles in the gay press.
It is noteworthy that domestic
partnership benefits ordinances in Atlanta and Minneapolis have
been ruled invalid by state appellate courts, strictly interpreting
statutes that describe benefits entitlements of municipal employees
and their dependents.
(The Atlanta case produced a sharply split
Georgia Supreme Court, with a strong dissenting opinion.)
It is
possible that Massachusetts courts would follow a similar route
were Boston to enact a benefits ordinance.
The position statement
from the campaign quoted by Mr. Affuso suggests that the Mayor's
position is influenced by this legal analysis.