https://www.clanchiefs.org.uk/privacy-policy/
The Standing Council of Scottish Chiefs
https://www.clanchiefs.org.uk/
Website Cookies
When a user visits our website, ‘required’ cookies are placed on the user’s computer to enable the navigation and basic functionality of the website.
Our website uses Google Analytics (using ‘functional’ cookies) a web analysis service of Google, Inc. (“Google”). Learn more from their Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
There is no advertising on our website.
Opt-out: You can configure your browser to disable cookies. This may reduce site functionality. You can also download Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Personal Information
If you provide personal information via the website, we disclose it only to those in our organisation who (i) need to know that information to provide our service and (ii) have undertaken not to disclose it to others.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change the Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage visitors to check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy.
Cookies are provided on this website to improve your experience in using the site and help us make improvements. Please click the Accept button or see the options in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website offers cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. For more information see our Privacy Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
We strongly recommend that you enable these.
If you leave them disabled we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit the website you will need to enable or disable cookie settings again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Enabling this cookie helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes