http://www.efficacy.org/privacy
Toggle navigation
Home
Strategy
Services
Go to Services
Initial Efficacy Presentation
School Administrator and Educator Services
Efficacy Training for Parents and Family
Services for Students
Platforms
Go to Platforms
Turnaround Process for Clusters of Schools
Single School Initiative
Results
Products
Resources
About Us
Contact
Login
Create Account
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the EFFICACY Privacy Policy
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the The Efficacy Institute, Inc. Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the The Efficacy Institute, Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. The Efficacy Institute, Inc. also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by The Efficacy Institute, Inc.. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by The Efficacy Institute, Inc. for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the The Efficacy Institute, Inc. Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through The Efficacy Institute, Inc. public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: The Efficacy Institute, Inc. does not read any of your private online communications.
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from The Efficacy Institute, Inc. so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. The Efficacy Institute, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the The Efficacy Institute, Inc. and The Efficacy Institute, Inc. family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. collects and uses your personal information to operate the The Efficacy Institute, Inc. Web site and deliver the services you have requested. The Efficacy Institute, Inc. also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from The Efficacy Institute, Inc. and its affiliates. The Efficacy Institute, Inc. may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. The Efficacy Institute, Inc. may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, The Efficacy Institute, Inc. may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to The Efficacy Institute, Inc., and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within The Efficacy Institute, Inc., in order to determine what The Efficacy Institute, Inc. services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within The Efficacy Institute, Inc. to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on The Efficacy Institute, Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The Efficacy Institute, Inc.; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of The Efficacy Institute, Inc., or the public.
Use of Cookies
The The Efficacy Institute, Inc. Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize The Efficacy Institute, Inc. pages, or register with The Efficacy Institute, Inc. site or services, a cookie helps The Efficacy Institute, Inc. to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same The Efficacy Institute, Inc. Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the The Efficacy Institute, Inc. features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the The Efficacy Institute, Inc. services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The Efficacy Institute, Inc. secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. The Efficacy Institute, Inc. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how The Efficacy Institute, Inc. is protecting your information.
Contact Information
The Efficacy Institute, Inc. welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that The Efficacy Institute, Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please contact The Efficacy Institute, Inc. at admin@efficacy.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Contact us
Tel: 781 547 6060
Fax: 781 547 6077
67 S. Bedford St. Ste. 400 West Burlington, MA 01803
info@efficacy.org
Name
*
Phone
Email
*
Message
*
Loading…