http://www.cdhowe.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
-A A +A
Your Privacy is our first concern
The C.D. Howe Institute is committed to protecting the privacy of its members, supporters and other stakeholders. We value the trust of those we deal with and recognize that trust requires that we be transparent and accountable in how we treat the information you choose to share with us.
What information is collected
Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you other than business contact information. We collect personal information only as necessary in the course of our relationship with you.  For example when purchasing a publication, registering for an event or paying members or other fees, or requesting notification of publications and media advisories by email, we may collect personal information such as your payment information or email address. We also keep a record of your contact with the Institute, including copies of any correspondence you send to us and your history of transactions with the Institute (e.g. events attended, publications ordered, fees paid).
How this information is used
Information you provide the C.D. Howe Institute is used only to deliver programs and services, process your membership or event payment, and to keep you informed of on- going C.D. Howe Institute events, funding opportunities, and our upcoming research areas.
Under no circumstances will the Institute rent, sell or trade any of your information.
Safeguarding your information
Any personal information that you share with the Institute is kept physically and electronically secure, with access limited to staff that require it to perform necessary job functions. Information is used only for the purpose it was collected.
We utilize security safeguards to protect your information against loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or unauthorized modification. We also use password protocols and encryption and security software to protect personal information when you order a product or service online. Our software is updated periodically to maximize protection.
In a very limited number of circumstances, we may disclose your information to third party service provides who help us administer our relationship with you, in the normal course of business.  For example, we need to disclose your financial information to our bank in order to process your fees and payments for events and publications.
We only share information that is necessary for the service provider to provide the Institute with the service.  Our service providers are also contractually bound to keep your information confidential, to safeguard your information, to limit their use of your information to the purpose of rendering their service, and to destroy or return your information when it is no longer required.
Consent, Withdrawing Consent, and Access to information
The Institute obtains the consent of its members and other stakeholders to use their information for the purposes it was collected. Based on this Policy and the statements we make to you at the time we collect your information, we trust that you understand how we use your information and the limited circumstances in which it is shared with third parties. If you require further explanation of how we treat your information or would like to withdraw your consent, please contact our Privacy Officer. Please understand that there may be some circumstances in which we are unable to service your membership without consent to use and disclose your information as outlined above.
If you wish to request a copy of your personal information in our records or a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information, please send a written request to our Privacy Officer.  We will require acceptable proof of your identification before providing you with a response.
In some circumstances, we will be unable to provide you with your complete record (e.g. where the record contains another individual’s personal information).  If we are unable to provide you with access to a part of your personal information, we will always explain the reasons why.
If you feel the personal information in our records is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, please advise our Privacy Officer and the necessary corrections will be made. Please allow 15 days to process your request.
Who to contact about your information
Please direct questions and inquiries about your personal information to:
Privacy
C.D. Howe Institute
67 Yonge Street, Suite 300
Toronto ON   M5E 1J8cdhowe@cdhowe.org
416 865-1904
Share this