http://www.maozisrael.org/privacy
Menu
About Us
About Us
Our Staff
Meet Our Board
Invite a Speaker
Financial Integrity
Subscribe to our emails
Contact Us
What We Do
Maoz Israel Report
Help the Needy
Books and Publishing
Music & Israeli Worship
Local Congregations
Arab Ministry
Strengthening Believers
Maoz Israel Report
Donate
Donate in $USD
Donate via PayPal
Donate in £GBP
Donate in $CAD
Other Ways to Give
Israel Tour
Maoz Israel Ministries is committed to respecting your online and offline privacy and security. We have developed this privacy policy to ensure all of our ministry partners and donors that information you provide to Maoz Israel Ministries will not be shared with any third party.
Information We Collect
On some Maoz Israel Ministries pages you can provide contact information for ministry-related purposes, to order resources, or to make ministry contributions. Here are the types of personal information that we collect:
contact information: name, organization/church, complete address, phone number, email address;payment information: credit card number and expiration date, and billing information;shipping information: name, organization/church, complete address;information concerning how you heard about us;information you wish to leave: questions, comments, suggestions; andyour request to receive periodic updates: e.g., to individuals who request it, we will send periodic emails related to specific updates, prayer concerns, and current events/news.
How the Information is Used
Maoz Israel uses your information to communicate with you, and understand your needs
to provide you with better service. We may use your information to
complete a transaction, to update you on projects or to personalize our
Web site for you. We also provide you the opportunity to remove your
name from our mailing lists, if you desire to do so. Please review the
corresponding section of this privacy policy below.
In addition, Maoz Israel Ministries will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. We may periodically send you e-mail announcing news and event information.
Sharing of Personal Information
Maoz Israel Ministries will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations. We assure you that the identity of all who contact us will be kept confidential. Use of personal information will be limited to the internal purposes of our ministry and only to further the ministry activities and purposes.
Security
Maoz Israel Ministries is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use Internet encryption software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Once we receive your credit card information, it is accessible only to a small number of trusted staff who have been specially trained in processing this information.
Cookies
From
time to time, we may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a
small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and
stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your
hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not
damage your system. We use cookies to recognize you when you return to
our sites, or to identify which areas of our network of Web sites you
have visited. We may use this information to better personalize the
content you see on our sites.
Many Web sites place cookies
on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies by
changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse all
cookies, or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to
accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites
may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Links to Outside Sites
This Web site links to documents located on Web sites maintained by other organizations or individuals. Once you access a link to another Web site, please be aware that Maoz Israel is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Removing Your Name from Our Mailing List
Our website gives you the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list so that you do not receive any future communications from our ministry. If you desire to remove your name, you can send us an email at staff@maozisrael.org.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send us an email at staff@maozisrael.org.
Together we can see all Israel saved.
When you support Maoz Israel you’re strengthening the body of believers throughout Israel. You can make a lasting difference in the future of Israel. Give today.
Donate