https://www.christiangunowner.com/privacy.html
Menu
HOME
GUN REVIEWSRifles And ShotgunsGLOCK Gen 3 ReviewsSmith And Wesson HandgunsTaurus Pistol And Revolver ReviewsRuger Pistols And RevolversBeretta HandgunsVarious Handgun BrandsPistol And Revolver HolstersKNOW YOUR GUNSHOLSTERSCONCEALED CARRYSKILLS TRAININGCHURCH SECURITYSELF DEFENSESHOOTING CLUBS
CGO Privacy Policy
The Christian Gun Owner web site does not collect any personal
information from visitors, except that which is submitted by them
through the contact form(s) or through a product purchase.
None of the information submitted by users is shared with any third parties under any circumstances.
The web host and/or third party analytics programs collect
typical data such as user i.p. addresses, location of servers, visitor
count, path through the web site, browser type, etc. This is typical
data used to evaluate site performance. It does not include personal
information of the user.
Third Party Links
There are numerous non affiliated sites linked to throughout the
Christian Gun Owner site. The CGO has no control over the privacy policy
or user experience of those sites. They are simply linked to for the
relevance of the site to the CGO page.
Third Party Ads
The Christian Gun Owner has affiliate relationships with some
advertisers linked to from this site. However, all of these advertisers
linked to are organizations that the CGO is familiar with, and trusts
with good customer service and accurate product/service descriptions and
provision.
These sites may install cookies or other web data on the
visitor's browser to help maintain accurate information to serve that
visitor. Cookies and other web data used this way are typical and
necessary to provide good customer service from the companies to the
customer.
Tracking data such as this can be easily deleted from a visitor's
browser through features within their browser. Or they can be avoided
completely by features within their browser. However, disabling cookies
and similar data from sites disables the ability of merchants to serve
their customers accurately.
Due Diligence
While all sites linked to are relevant to the CGO site, and believed
to be safe, valuable businesses, please use due diligence in evaluating
site privacy, and product or service value.
While the Christian Gun Owner may, from personal experience and
knowledge, promote and endorse a company, product or service, I/We make
no warranty, expressed or implied, for any such product or service sold
through any third party. Each advertiser/company will have their own
unique warranties for their product or service.
Companies linked to and services used may include, but are not
limited to SkimLinks (for multiple affiliate product links), Brownell's,
Cabella's, Clickbank, USCCA, GunClicks ad network.
ABOUT CGO
Questions?Contact CGO
Get Some Training
Get Some Targets
Get Legal Protection
All contents of the Christian Gun Owner web site, unless otherwise noted, are Copyright © by Mark Rogers/christiangunowner.com. No part of this web site may be reproduced, copied or distributed by any means or for any reason without the express written permission of Mark Rogers. Privacy Policy