http://www.epic.org/privacy/carnivore/review_comments.html
December 1, 2000 BY ELECTRONIC MAIL (Review.Panel@usdoj.gov) Carnivore Review Panel
U.S. Department of Justice
Room 1744
950 Constitution Ave., NW
Washington, D.C. 20530 Re: Independent Technical Review of the Carnivore
System Pursuant to the Review Panel's request, the Electronic Privacy
Information Center ("EPIC") hereby submits comments on
"non-technical issues" raised by the Draft Report of the
Independent Technical Review of the Carnivore System ("Draft
Report") prepared by the IIT Research Institute. We note that the IIT review team undertook a purely "technical"
review and expressly declined to address the significant legal
issues surrounding the use of the Carnivore system.
The reviewers
did, nonetheless, allude to those issues: Although IITRI specifically excluded questions of
constitutionality and of illegal activity by the FBI from this
evaluation, IITRI is concerned that the presence of Carnivore
and its successors without safeguards as recommended below: (1)
fuels the concerns of responsible privacy advocates and reduces
the expectations of privacy by citizens at large and (2)
increases public concern about the potential unauthorized
activity of law enforcement agents.
Draft Report, Sec. 5. Unfortunately, we believe that the review team's findings do
little to alleviate those concerns.
While DOJ and FBI
spokespersons have attempted to characterize the Draft Report as a
vindication of the Carnivore system, a close reading of the
reviewers' conclusions in fact validates much of the public and
Congressional criticism that has been expressed since the
existence of the surveillance system was revealed earlier this
year. 1. Over-Collection of Communications Much of the controversy concerning Carnivore grows out of the
fact that the system accesses and processes a great deal of ISP
traffic, the vast majority of which contains the communications of
Internet users not targeted for surveillance and not named in any
court authorization.
Unlike traditional electronic surveillance
techniques, which are capable of complying with the strict
specificity and minimization requirements of federal wiretap law,
Carnivore provides law enforcement with access to the private
communications of all subscribers of a particular service
provider. It is this unique aspect of Carnivore that gives rise to
fundamental privacy risks. The Draft Report states that Carnivore is, indeed, capable of
collecting more information than law enforcement is legally
authorized to acquire: While the system was designed to, and can, perform
fine-tuned searches, it is also capable of broad sweeps.
Incorrectly configured, Carnivore can record any traffic it
monitors.
Draft Report, Section ES.5. While the reviewers apparently considered only the potential
that the system could be "incorrectly configured," the ease with
which Carnivore can mistakenly conduct a "broad sweep" suggests
that it is clearly subject to intentional abuse as well.
The
unauthorized over-collection of private communications, whether
accidental or intentional, raises fundamental issues under both
federal wiretap law and the Fourth Amendment.
We do not believe
that this infirmity can be cured through any sort of technical
"fix."
Rather, it is an inherent flaw in any system that provides
law enforcement with direct access to an ISP's data traffic. This issue was recently addressed by the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the D.C. Circuit, which held that when law enforcement seeks
access to packet-mode communications (as with Carnivore) there can
be no lessening of "the evidentiary standards or procedural
safeguards for securing legal authorization to obtain packets from
which call content has not been stripped."
United States
Telecom v. Federal Communications Commision, 227 F.3d 450, 465
(D.C. Cir. 2000) (citation omitted).
The Court stressed that
carriers cannot be required "to provide the government with
information that is 'not authorized to be intercepted.'"
Id.
But that, of course, is precisely what ISPs are
required to do when ordered to route their traffic through the
Carnivore system. 2. Lack of Accountability Standing alone, Carnivore's inherent ability to "over-collect"
communications renders it legally and constitutionally suspect.
That flaw is exacerbated by the system's lack of an effective
accountability mechanism.
The Draft Report states that the
reviewers "did not find adequate provisions (e.g. audit trails)
for establishing individual accountability for actions taken
during use of Carnivore." Id.
The review team thus
concluded that it is not possible to determine who, among a group of
agents with the password, may have set or changed filter
settings. In fact, any action taken by the Carnivore system
could have been directed by anyone knowing the Administrator
password. It is impossible to trace the actions to specific
individuals. Auditing is crucial in security. It is the means
by which users are held accountable for their actions.
Draft
Report, Section 4.2.4. By underscoring the inadequacy of Carnivore's existing
accountability mechanisms, we do not mean to suggest that an
improvement of those mechanisms, as recommended by the reviewers,
will render the continued use of Carnivore acceptable.
Internal
auditing mechanisms of any kind fail to establish the independent
oversight of electronic surveillance required by federal statute
and the Constitution. 3. Lack of Openness and Contradictory Information The review team cited the many concerns that have been raised
about Carnivore and expressed its opinion that "many of these
concerns should be allayed by . . . Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA) releases by the DoJ."
Draft Report, Section 1.1.3.
In
fact, the FOIA process has produced a far different result.
EPIC
is currently litigating an FOIA lawsuit against DOJ and the FBI
seeking the full disclosure of information concerning Carnivore.
Electronic Privacy Information Center v. Department of Justice,
et al., Civ. No. 00-1849 (D.D.C.).
While a great deal of
responsive material has been withheld from disclosure, the
information released thus far indicates that the capabilities of
Carnivore are more far-reaching than earlier believed. One of the documents EPIC obtained, dated June 5, 2000, reports
the results of tests performed on Carnivore version 1.3.4, which
is currently in use.
The report indicates that Carnivore, in
apparent contradiction of FBI assertions, can "reliably capture
and archive all unfiltered traffic." The FBI's public defense of Carnivore has centered on the claim
that the system only captures traffic that has been isolated by a
software filter that limits collection to the particular
information authorized for seizure in a court order.
Thus, in
testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee on September 6,
2000, FBI Assistant Director Kerr stated: If the subject's identifying information is detected
[by the filter], the packets of the subject's
communication associated with the identifying information that
was detected, and those alone, are segregated for additional
filtering or storage.
However, it's critically important to
understand that all . . . other communications are
instantaneously vaporized after that one second.
They are
totally destroyed; they are not collected, saved, or stored. This discrepancy was recently noted by Senators Hatch and Leahy
in a letter to FBI Director Freeh.
They wrote that
"[s]kepticism about Carnivore is based precisely on
concerns about this program's capability and whether this
capability would be exploited to do more than just intercept
narrowly targeted pieces of information."
The Senators have
therefore requested "complete and unredacted copies of the
documents produced thus far in response to the FOIA lawsuit
together with any other documents related to Carnivore's
capability to intercept and archive unfiltered traffic." 4. Conclusion EPIC agrees that the serious questions surrounding Carnivore
can only be resolved through the full public disclosure of
relevant information.
We thus join Senators Hatch and Leahy in
requesting the disclosure of all material withheld from us under
the FOIA.
We further believe that comprehensive Congressional
oversight hearings and review of Carnivore's source code by the
technical community must occur to determine (1) the actual
capabilities of the Carnivore system; (2) whether use of Carnivore
complies with federal statutory requirements; and (3) whether
amendments to federal wiretap law are required before use of this
system is permitted.
While the IITRI review represents an
important contribution to public understanding of Carnivore, it is
clearly no substitute for the open process we suggest.
Until
Carnivore is subject to such open review and debate, we urge the
Department of Justice and the Attorney General to suspend its
use.   Respectfully submitted,
David L. Sobel
General Counsel
Electronic Privacy Information Center