https://www.sm.org.nz/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarContents
1. Introduction
2. How does the Society of Mary New Zealand collect Personal Information?
3. What if a viewer does not want to provide personal information?
4. What kind of Personal Information does the Society of Mary New Zealand store?
5. Third-party access
6. How will the Society of Mary New Zealand use Personal Information?
7. Your Access to Personal Information
8. Will Personal Information be disclosed to anyone else?
9. How is Personal Information protected?
10.What data breach procedures we have in place
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
12. More Information?
13. How current is our Privacy Policy?
1. Introduction
The Society of Mary website, sm.org.nz is a product of the Society of Mary New Zealand.
The protection of private and confidential information is fundamental to the Society of Mary and its associated domains:
www.smnz.org.nz
www.marist.org.nz
www.marist.nz
sm.org.nz is committed to safeguarding personal information it holds on behalf of its viewers and is committed to do so in accordance with international best practice.
This statement sets out the Society of Mary New Zealand policy relating to the collection, storage, access and use of personal information for all sites that form part of the network of Society of Mary New Zealand websites.
2. How does the Society of Mary New Zealand collect personal information?
sm.nz.org.nz is operated by Church Resoruces Ltd New Zealand.
The Website allows visitors to sign up to receive an occasional newsletter.
Where a visitor subscribes to the newsletter for the purpose of management and identification, they are required to provide a real name and email address.
As well as assisting the Website’s editorial and moderation process, we may use a cookie to assign your computer a ‘User ID’.
sm.nz.org.nz uses Cookies, items containing information which identifies computers to our servers. Cookies are used, for example for visitor statistics.
You may configure your browser so that you are notified before a cookie is downloaded or so that your browser does not accept cookies, or you may use a browser that protects your cookie identity.
In some cases a web page might contain more than one cookie, the information gathered from these different cookies used to build statistical and demographical information. It is not used for the sake of publicity, advertising or selling to those who may want to buy our email list.
To disable your cookies, please refer to the help menu within your Internet browser.
3. What if a viewer does not want to provide personal information?
A visitor is not under any obligation to provide his or her personal information to the Society of Mary New Zealand.
However, if a visitor does not provide their personal information they may not be able to access requested service, or submit and have posted any comments submitted on news articles and the like.
4. What kind of personal information does the Society of Mary store?
The personal information we collect from the Website and store may include (but is not limited to), name, address, contact details, date of birth, country and gender.
5. How will the Society of Mary New Zealand use personal information?
Unless a viewer consents, sm.org.nz will only use personal information collected from the Website for the purpose of identifying and directly contacting the viewer.
However your personal information may also be used in order to:
provide the services and information you require;
administer and manage those services, (including charging billing and collecting Debts if required);
inform you of sm.org.nz activities, events, facilities and services;
provide the viewer with news articles, or other items of information;
conduct appropriate checks for credit worthiness and for fraud;
research, develop and expand our facilities and services;
gain an understanding of our viewers needs to provide a better service in all its areas of activities;
maintain and develop our internal systems and infrastructure including upgrading of these systems;
the personal information may also be collected to promote and market other services that we consider important or beneficial to our visitors.
Accordingly, sm.org.nz may write to any email address supplied by a visitor to confirm that the email address is genuine.
If you visit sm.org.nz, detail of your visit e.g. time, date, duration of visit, resources visited are retained indefinitely.
Ordinarily, names of visitors to this site are not recorded nor stored, however the are recorded when and if a visitor makes contact via the contact form.
6. Third-party access
sm.org.nz uses several third-party solutions to help provide its service.
sm.org.nz is distributed by a third-party email distribution system.
sm.org.nz is backed up off site by another third party.
sm.org.nz is evaluated by use of statistics and uses another third-party to help in this.
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, sound files, images, articles, etc.).
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
While sm.org.nz does not collect this content, content from these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Periodically visitors to sm.org.nz will send emails to sm.org.nz via a Website form. This form is hosted by sm.org.nz and and stored on the sm.org.nz server. There is no third-party involvement in storing the information sent.
sm.org.nz uses a range of plugins. It installs reputable plugins. Unless for the purpose of analytics and backup data is not shared with those identified parties.
7. Your access to personal information
Any viewer may retrieve a copy of the personal information sm.org.nz holds about that viewer by contacting sm.org.nz using the email address that the viewer supplied at webmaster at sm.org.nz.
8. Will personal information be disclosed to anyone else?
Other than the below, sm.org.nz is not required in the course of its operations to disclose personal information to any outside parties.
sm.org.nz uses a reputable email delivery system to distribute the newsletter by email. This third-party system stores the personal information on behalf of sm.org.nz but all data, including emails, list content, subscriber lists and any list information disseminated through the newsletter services for sm.org.nz , is the express property of sm.org.nz .
In certain circumstances, sm.org.nz may be compelled by law to disclose personal information to various authorities, such as where the Society of Mary New Zealand is compelled to disclose the personal information by a warrant.
sm.org.nz only uses the information supplied for the purpose given.
sm.org.nz does not sell, rent or trade personal information collected from the Website.
In selecting a third-party manager, sm.org.nz is careful to be assured the third-party does not buy and sell people’s personal details.
9. How is personal information protected?
sm.org.nz takes reasonable steps to protect any personal information that it holds from misuse and loss. It also protects that information from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
sm.org.nz further protects the personal information by educating its employees about this Privacy Policy and the handling of personal information.
sm.org.nz maintains physical security, such as locks and security systems, over our electronic data stores and premises.
It also maintains computer and network security, for example firewalls (security measures for the Internet), and other security measures, such as identification codes and passwords, to control access to computer systems.
10. What data breach procedures we have in place
Prevention is better than cure and for the purposes of preventing data breaches, software on the Society of Mary New Zealand website is kept current.
Core software is updated automatically, or if a major update requires it the update will be performed manually.
Plugins and or site scripts are updated once a month when updates are available.
In case of a data breach we follow the following process
Identify the issue.
Identify the source.
Advise those who may be impacted by the breach.
If possible, close down the particular offending section.
If necessary, take the site off line.
Correct the offending section.
Test.
Restore the section or whole site as appropriate.
Test.
11. Changes to this privacy policy
sm.org.nz may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
12. More information?
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or would like more information about the way sm.org.nz manages personal information, or if you wish to make a complaint about how sm.org.nz have handled personal information about you, please contact our Webmaster, using the following contact details.
POST: PO Box 24082, Manners Street, Wellington, 6142, New Zealand
TELEPHONE: +64-4-4721750
For further information about privacy issues and the protection of privacy visit the New Zealand Privacy Commissioners website at http://www.privacy.org.nz/.
13. How current is the Society of Mary privacy policy?
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on October 1, 2018.
Primary Sidebar
Recently
Mike and Yvonne Moore thanked for involvement at St Bede’s College
Tim Duckworth assumes office of NZ Provincial
€20k needed to reopen Marist Camino pilgrim hostel
Abuse and Cover-Up; Gerald Arbuckle’s challenging new book
Marist Ranong secondary school reopens
LOGOS celebrates 20 years
Keep chatting
Marist News
First Name:
Last Name:
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Search sm.org.nz
Search this website
We’re about
Administration
Asia
Australia
City centre church
Communications
Earthquake
Education
Foreign Lands
Formation
International
International Mission
Looking outwards
Maori
MAP
Marist
Marist Spirituality
Media
Mission
Missionary Parishes
New Evangelisation
Oceania
Ranong
Rome
Seminary
Spirituality
St Mary of the Angels
Superior General
The Future
Vocations
Youth