http://www.ijc.org/en/policies
Skip to main content
Keywords
Search
Utility navigation
Contact
EnglishFrançais
Social media
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Flickr
Instagram
Vimeo
Privacy and Legal Policies
Our privacy and legal policies are reproduced below.
Terms and Conditions for submitting comments
All submissions are part of the public record; they may remain posted indefinitely or otherwise be made available to the public.
No anonymous submissions will be accepted. To submit your on-line form, you will need to provide information in all the required fields.
The following information will remain part of the record that is made available to the public: name, city, and state/province, your written comment and files that you attach to the form.
To protect your privacy, the IJC will not post the following information and will not share it with any non-IJC entities: email address, street address, post office box, zip code, postal code, telephone number and fax number that are provided via online comment submission function. Files attached to comments submitted online will posted without alteration. If attached files contain contact information in the letterhead or body of the document, this information will be available when the attached file is posted.
IJC Policy on Social Media
The IJC uses Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Vimeo and Instagram as social media tools. Identified below as [social media tool].
Statement of Intent
The International Joint Commission’s (IJC) purpose for using social media is to provide a forum where Canadian and U.S. citizens can discuss activities of the IJC and its Boards.
Comments should be on topic, to the point, and professional. Please do not post comments that:
Are off-topic
Contain vulgar language, personal attacks of any kind, or offensive terms
Promote services or products (non-commercial links that are relevant to the topic or comment are acceptable)
Make unsupported accusations
Break copyright rules – including copying and pasting excerpts from other sites without permission or attribution
Violate someone’s personal privacy
Include anything illegal
Are in all CAPITAL LETTERS (which is commonly interpreted as yelling.)
Please ensure that your comment contains none of the above, otherwise it will be deleted. Thank you for your cooperation. To protect your own privacy and the privacy of others, please do not include phone numbers or e-mail addresses in the body of your comment.
Reporters: Reporters are asked to send questions to the International Joint Commission public information officers rather than submitting questions here as comments. See our Media Contacts page.
Security: For website security and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, deny service, cause damage or access non-public information. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information are strictly prohibited.
Privacy Notice: Basic usage information is collected for statistical purposes only. The International Joint Commission uses software programs to create summary statistics to help assess what information is most relevant and to identify system performance or problem areas. No other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
Copyright/Permission to Reproduce
Materials appearing on IJC websites or in social media have been produced and/or compiled by the IJC and its Boards for the purpose of providing the public with direct access to information about the activities of the IJC and its Boards.
Much of the material on this site is covered by Canadian and U.S. laws, policies, regulations and by international agreements. Unless a copyright is indicated, [social media tool] information is in the public domain and may be copied and distributed without permission. Citation of the IJC or the appropriate IJC Board as source of the information is appreciated.
If a copyright is indicated on a video, photo, graphic, or other material, permission to copy these materials must be obtained from the original source.
External Linking Policy: Websites and social media used by the IJC and its Boards may contain hyperlinks to information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. Such links should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein. External links are continually reviewed for their ongoing value and we reserve the right to remove links at any time.
Bilingualism: The working language of the IJC is English, given that is the language used in common by both Canada and the United States. As per IJC policy, where an IJC Board operates where there is significant French language usage, there will be two parallel social media tools – one in each official language. Whereas material will be posted on each site in its respective language, the IJC will not translate public comments, non-government reports and news stories that are not available in the other language at the source, but it will identify that the material is only available in the one language. However if a link or comment provides new significant information, a brief summary or that discussion/comment or link will be posted in the other language.
Thank you for taking the time to read this policy. We encourage your participation in our discussion and look forward to an active exchange of ideas. If you have questions about the comment policy or how we apply it, please contact us at commission@ijc.org.
Contact us: If you have general questions about the IJC other than about our social media tools, contact the IJC at: commission@ijc.org.
IJC Privacy Policy
All submissions are part of the public record; they may remain posted indefinitely or otherwise be made available to the public.
No anonymous submissions will be accepted. Please provide your first and last name, city, and state/province. Please identify your organization if you are speaking for the organization.
Please provide an email address; you may choose whether you wish us to send follow up information on the subject matter being discussed.
To protect your privacy, we will not post the following information and will not share it with any non-IJC entities: email address, street address, post office box, zip code, postal code, telephone number and fax number that are provided via online comment submission function. Files attached to comments submitted online will posted without alteration. If attached files contain contact information in the letterhead or body of the document, this information will be available when the attached file is posted.
The following information will remain part of the record that is made available to the public: name, organizational affiliation, city, and state/province.
© 2020 International Joint Commission
Footer
Privacy and Legal Policies