https://www.wfbmlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Thank you for contacting us!
We appreciate your interest in Wilson, Frame and Metheney. We will be contacting you as soon as possible to schedule your free consultation.
Skip to content
+1.800.734.7070
Our Lawyers
Personal Injury Details
Wrongful Death Details
Practice Areas
Workplace Injury & Wrongful Death
Motor Vehicle Accident
Medical Malpractice
Insurance Disputes
General Practice
Contact Us
Our Lawyers
Personal Injury Details
Wrongful Death Details
Practice Areas
Workplace Injury / Wrongful Death
Motor Vehicle Collision
Medical Malpractice
Insurance Disputes
General Practice
Contact Us
Call Us
Let us help you today!
Fill out the form below
Let's talk about your...
---Insurance DisputeWorkplace InjuryMotor Vehicle WreckMedical MalpracticeGeneral Practice
2500
I agree to the terms and conditions outlined in the privacy policy
[recaptcha size:compact]
Call us
Phone: 304-292-9429
Toll Free: 800-734-7070
Fax: 304-292-9427
Privacy Policy
Wilson, Frame and Metheney P.L.L.C values the privacy of our clients and takes reasonable measures to safeguard that information from unauthorized use. The following is a detailed explanation of our privacy policy with regard to the www.wfbmlaw.com , www.weknowwhattodo.help Web site and our related family of Internet Services. Please note we are not responsible for the information collection practices of those Web sites that are linked to our site. You should review those sites privacy policies before submitting any private information.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We employ various methods for collecting information. To begin with, we use “cookies” that are needed to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable information about the visitors to our Web site. Personally identifiable information consists of information that is unique to you, such as credit card numbers, bank accounts, social security numbers, home address, email address and the like. This is the type of information that most people consider private and deem the most important to protect from unauthorized access.
Non-personally identifiable information most often consists of things such as your search preferences, the types of products you have bought, how many times you have visited a particular web site, etc. This type of information is usually associated with a particular computer or IP address but not with a particular person. “Cookies” are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored in the user’s computer, ready for future access. Each time you access our web site, our server finds the relevant cookie on your computer. The information contained within that cookie is then used to customize your experience with our site. The following is a list of the information we collect:
We automatically record the name of the domain (for example,”123company.com” if you use a private Internet access account, or “mycollege.edu” if you are connecting from a university’s domain); the IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our Web site; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time you access our site; the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site; and the pages you visit.
Should you send us an email about a question or comment, we will then have access to personal information such as your name and email address.
WHY DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?
The non-personal information that we collect from you may be used for both internal and external purposes, in order for us to make your experience with our site quick and easy. The aggregate data we collect from you is used internally and externally to help us increase our marketing efforts and to provide pertinent data to the members of our Internet family. We may also use your email address to notify you of other products or services you may opt to receive or be interested in such as downloads you have accessed in the past. Your email address may also be used to contact you regarding a question or comment you submitted to our site.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO MY INFORMATION?
We do not lease, license, sell or share any of this information with anyone or any company except as mentioned in the proceeding paragraphs or in the paragraphs below. Only those employees/IT support that are responsible for handling customer services inquiries have access to your personal information. The only time someone other than a Wilson, Frame and Metheney employee/IT support will ever see or be privy to your personal information is in the case of a judicial request (such as a subpoena).
CAN I OPT OUT OF HAVING CERTAIN INFORMATION COLLECTED
You have the option of disabling your computer’s ability to accept or transmit cookies. This will prevent us from gathering certain non-personally identifiable information from your computer. Furthermore, you have the right to opt out of any email list you might have signed up for in the past. You also have the option of requesting not to be notified by email of any new product or service we are offering. Please contact us at wes@wvlegal.com or bill@wvlegal.com in order to complete one of the opt-out choices above.
NOTICE OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. However, if any changes do occur, we will publish the changes to our Web site and post a notice on the home page that a new privacy policy has been implemented. We will also take reasonable steps to contact you personally to let you know of the new changes. Please feel free to contact us if you should have any questions regarding this policy or to report a misuse of your personal information.
Web Design by
BlaineTurner Advertising