https://www.uujackson.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Location3209 N West St
Jackson, MS 39216(601) 982-5919uucj@outlook.comFor problems with this website, email webmaster@uujackson.orgMeta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Unitarian Universalist Church of Jackson
A welcoming community exploring our beliefs, living our values, and changing our world.
Facebook Twitter Instagram
Directions
Search
Give
Contact
Sunday Services at 11:00 am
Wednesday Vespers at 6:30 pm
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Unitarian Universalist Church of Jackson, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: UUCJ@outlook.com.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, email address, and credit card numbers. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at UUCJ@outlook.com.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than UUCJ. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
NewsMake Your Time-Talent-Treasure Pledge for 2021
November 11, 2020As with 2020, we anticipate 2021 will bring challenges and changes, but we also know it will give us an opportunity to envisioning a new beginning for our congregation both within our walls and in our new community. As we begin planning for 2021, we are asking you to pledge your time to work together, your ... Upcoming ServiceDec. 13, 2020 - 11:00 amThis service will be online. Join us on Zoom at 10:30 am for Virtual Coffee Time to catch up with each other and chat. Then join the Sunday service at 11:00 am: https://zoom.us/j/99862331068?pwd=WURVU0FMcnF3dkFhTktlUzlTZUlMZz09
Meeting ID: 998 6233 1068
Passcode: … read more.
Upcoming EventsUUCJ Board Meeting12/15/2020UUCJ Midweek Vespers Online12/16/2020YUUTH Virtual Chat12/20/2020Conversations with the SacredA Collection of PrayersManish Mishra-Marzetti and Jennifer Kelleher, 2020Skinner House BooksBuy it now at