http://www.humanesocietyny.org/about/privacy-policy.php
Home
Our Mission
Our Clinic
Adoptions
Donations
Humane Issues
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
The Humane Society of New York never has and never will share or sell a donor's personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. At this time, the HSNY does not use cookies.
Log files
The HSNY does keep log files. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the HSNY is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites including, but not limited to, PayPal's website. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site they should read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
This website will take every precaution to protect our users' information. However, we do not request any sensitive information such as credit card and/or social security information. Credit card transactions are handled via PayPal's secure website. Any email addresses or mailing addresses you provide us with are NEVER sold to or shared with any other organizations.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Home
Mission
Clinic
Adoptions
Donations
Humane Issues
Contact
Privacy Policy
© 2001-2020, The Humane Society of New York, 306 East 59th Street, New York, NY 10022, 212-752-4842
Site design by WorkingGraphics.com