http://www.kuyper.edu/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Stay updated: Coronavirus/COVID-19 information.
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
About Us
President's Message
The Kuyper Difference
What We Believe
Mission
Core Values
Our History
Abraham Kuyper
Accreditation
Giving to Kuyper
Make a Gift
The Annual Fund
Gift Planning
Scholarships
Donor Resources
Advancement Staff
Giving Tuesday
Contact Us
News
2014
Building Connections: Lunch ’n Learn
Winter Graduates
2015
Leadership - What Cannot Be Taken Away
Catalyst Leadership Experience
Agreement Paves Way for Fulfillment of God’s Call
Predatory Payday Lending Symposium
October Inspiring Leaders
Believers in Uganda
Israel Tour
The Inspiring Leaders Luncheon Series
Opening Convocation
Taste of Grand Rapids
Rolling Down - An ArtPrize Piece
RBI Graduate Celebrates 50 Years of Ministry in Oskaloosa, IA
Retirement Announcement
Alumni Update: Heidi Kleynenberg
New City Neighbors—brings hope
Alumni Update: Breanne Wainwright, class of 2013
Student Government
Kuyper College Responds to Changing Environment
Social Work Seniors present Food for Thought
2002 Graduate Offers the Gift of Life
Kuyper's Annual Student Scholar Day
Business Leadership—Triple Bottom Line Contest
Commencement 2015
2016
Fall Worship Tour
Playing sheriff: 1 professor, 16 years of poverty education
Fall Retreat
Inspiring Leaders Luncheon with Dr. Eric Hoogstra
2016 Faculty and Alumni Scholar Day
Presidential Transition Progresses to Application Review and Interviews
Annual International Golf Scramble
Students and Service
Week of Welcome
Opening Convocation
2016 International Golf Outing
Kuyper College Launches Search for Next President
Dr. Richelle White Publishes Book
Recent Alumni Featured as Young Life Volunteer Spotlight
2016 Commencement Ceremony
Kuyper College Presidential Search Enters New Phase
Spring Celebration Gala
Year End Lunch 'N Learn
Presidential Transition Update - Kuyper College Retains Search Agency to Aid in Presidential Search
Malamiah Juice Bar
Kuyper Teams Garner Awards at MWest Challenge
Nemmers Interviewed at Lunch ‘N Learn
Spring Break!
Kuyper’s Annual Variety Show
Presidential Transition Process Update - February 29, 2016
Inspiring Leaders Series Welcomed J.C. Huizenga
Summer Camping Ministries Recruit Kuyper Students
Kuyper Business Leadership Global Microfinance Loans
Charlevoix Community Church Pastor Speaks at Kuyper
Dr. Jeff Fisher Publishes Book
The Informant Came to Kuyper
2017
Solitude Retreat
Global Awareness and Advocacy Day
Kuyper College Inauguration - Dr. Patricia R. Harris
Dr. Gary Burge Visits Kuyper College
2017 Faculty and Alumni Scholar Day
Reformation Day Lecture Series
Former President, Nicholas Kroeze and Alumnus, Amanda Gilbert have work in ArtPrize Nine
Dr. Jeff Fisher Appointed Interim Academic Dean
Kuyper College Appoints New President
Kuyper Students in Guatemala
Kuyper Students in Israel
Kuyper Student Crowned Miss Hopkins
Kuyper College Appoints New Director of Admissions
New Controller and CFO
Kuyper’s New Ministry Leadership Program
2017 M West Challenge
2017 Kuyper Graduation
Siblings Weekend
Youth Ministry Lunch n' Learn - Steve Biondo
Inspiring Leaders Luncheon - Ruth Olsson
Kuyper Spring Break Trip
Student Scholar Day
Academic Honors Convocation
Kuyper College Business Leadership uses Kiva Loans
ABHE Reaffirms Kuyper Accreditation
Inspiring Leaders Series Kicks Off with Mr. Nate VanderStelt
Youth Ministry Lunch 'N Learn welcomes Todd Tolsma
Kuyper Movie Night - Silence
Finding her haven of peace: Rebecca Laarman embracing working with youth in Tanzania
Dr. Carl Zylstra Appointed Interim President of Kuyper College
2018
The Top 10 Colleges and Universities in Michigan
Global Awareness and Advocacy Day
Kuyper College Unveils New Loan Repayment Assistance Program
Master of Ministry
Great Lakes Catechism on Marriage and Sexuality
Leadership in the National Parks
Kuyper College Service Award
2018 Spring Celebration Gala
Christian Colleges and Universities Have Economic Impact
Internships Help Students Gain Real-Life Experience
Ready
Kuyper College and Madison Square Collaboration a “Mutual Blessing”
2019
Business in the U.S. National Parks
Make a Gift and Receive an Income for Life!
Kuyper Social Work in Uganda
Youth Ministry in an Unpredictable World
Inspiring Leaders: Kuyper Board Member Shares His Story
Inspiring Leaders Series: Gary Kuyper
Ora et Labora: The Power of Staying
Kuyper Alumna Works with Troubled Youth in the Dominican Republic
Kuyper Alumna Receives NASW’s Student of the Year Award
Kuyper College Receives 200-Year-Old Torah Scroll
Why Kuyper is The Right Choice
Deaf Teen Quest
Sophat Duch-My Story
Spring Arbor University’s & Kuyper College Students Benefit from Partnership
Kuyper College Triple Bottom Line Business Idea Contest
2019 Kuyper College Spring Celebration Gala
Academic Honors Convocation
Student Scholar Day
Trauma-Informed Care: Teaching. Applying. Consulting.
KuyperWorks Job Fair
Luminex, Kuyper College, and the Future of Theological Education
Kyle Kotrch Becomes Senior Pastor of Comstock Park Church
Kuyper College’s Social Work Program Ranked Top 10 Among Michigan Colleges
Kuyper College Now Able to Share Library Materials Statewide
Kuyper Alumna Becomes Editor of New Teen Devotional
2020
Kuyper College Freezes Tuition
The Kuyper Collective: Learning In and Out of the Classroom
Using Business Skills to Help Spread the Gospel
Kuyper College Responds to Coronavirus
Sergei Sosedkin
Kuyper College Cancels Spring Gala
Spring 2020 Newsletter
Kuyper College Commencement
Kuyper College Statement on Social Justice
Kuyper College Announces Plans for In-Person Instruction this Fall
Student Success Coaches
Fall 2020 Newsletter
Events
2020 Kuyper International Golf Outing
Kuyper Experience Day - Cancelled
Kuyper College Spring Celebration Gala - Cancelled
Honors Convocation - Cancelled
Student Scholar Day - Cancelled
Kuyper College Commencement - Cancelled
Lunch n' Learn - Cancelled
Lunch n' Learn - Cancelled
Master Of Ministry Virtual Visit
Inspiring Leaders, Justin Giboney - "The AND Campaign: A Biblical Witness in Civic Engagement".
Kuyper Faculty - "Reflections on a Biblical Witness in Civic Engagement".
Lunch 'n Learn, Monique Carter from Center for Community Transformation.
Master of Ministry Virtual Visit
Consumer Information
Scholarship Celebration Event
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will inform you on how your personal information is processed and used by Kuyper College. The following policies are only in effect for the webpages, online applications, forms and newsletters owned and operated by Kuyper College.
What Information we Collect and How it is Used
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer's Internet Protocol Address (IP Address). When a visitor requests a page or file from the Kuyper website, our servers automatically recognize that visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in website analytics software applications. We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals. Our servers do not automatically record the e-mail addresses of our website visitors.
When a visitor accesses and completes our online admissions application forms and online contact us forms, this data is collected and transmitted securely across the internet and housed in our administrative database for processing.
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you e-mails based on your request for information or for processing online applications submitted via our website.
Other Information About Online Privacy
The Kuyper College website contains many hyperlinks to third-party websites. In most cases, these links will open new browser windows. Kuyper College is not responsible for the content of the websites these links follow nor is Kuyper College responsible for the privacy practices of these websites.
Kuyper College does not share individual personal information you provide the college with these third party websites to which the Kuyper College website links. Please reference the privacy policies of these websites to determine their privacy practices.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online—for example through e-mail, web-based forms and applications as well as many additional ways—Kuyper College collects this information on its computing systems.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Consent to This Agreement
By visiting and using the Kuyper College website, you agree and consent to the collection and use of information by Kuyper College as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Additional Information and Questions
At any point during your visit with us, if you have any questions concerning your privacy, please feel free to contact the Kuyper Webmaster.