http://www.theshepherd.org/privacy-policy
Links:
Choose site
Lift Up Jesus
Shepherd Youth
Shepherd Young Adults
Shepherd Sports
Life Groups
Login
WATCH LIVE
Shepherd Church
Error
Table of Contents
Shepherd Church Privacy Policy
This Shepherd Church (hereinafter "Shepherd" or the
"Church") Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our
collection, use, storage, sharing and protection of your personal information. This privacy
policy ("Privacy Policy") applies solely to information collected
through the web sites, web pages, interactive features, blogs, located at the following URLs:
https://www.shepherdchurch.com,
https://www.theshepherd.org,
https://www.lifegroups.org,
https://www.shepherdsports.org,
https://www.miracleinthemaking.com;
in addition to Twitter, Facebook or other social networking Church sites, and their respective
contents, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology (collectively,
"our Sites" or "the Sites"). The Sites
are offered by Shepherd Church and its affiliates and Site developers (collectively,
"the Church", or "we",
"us", "our"). It applies to our Sites and
all related sites, applications, services and tools regardless of how you access or use them.
This Privacy Policy explains what information may be collected through our Sites, how such
information may be used and/or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may access
and control its use in connection with our activities. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully,
because by using our Sites you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to the terms of
this Privacy Policy. In addition, please review our
Terms of Use, which governs your use of
the Sites and any content you submit to our Sites.
Information you provide to us
We strive to respect and protect your privacy. When you are visiting our Sites, may collect
personally identifiable information on you ("Personal Information").
This is information you provide. Personally identifiable information is any information that
could reasonably be used to identify you personally.
This includes, but is not limited to: name,
address, email address, telephone number, zip code, gender, birthday, credit card information and
the names and ages of your spouse and children, and any other personally identifiable information
that you provide to us.
In the case of credit or debit card transactions and on-line giving
this includes account numbers and other account information.
We do not keep your credit card
information. We also collect other information concerning your viewing patterns, your browser,
operating system and IP address.
Information Shepherd Church may collect automatically
Whenever you visit or interact with our Sites, Shepherd, as well as service providers, may use a
variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Sites
are accessed and used ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may
include, in part, browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, and the preceding
page views. This statistical data provides us with information about the use of the Sites, such
as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Sites, how long they stay on that page, and
which hyperlinks, if any, they "click" on. This information helps us keep our website
fresh and interesting to our visitors and tailor content to a visitor's interests. Usage
Information is generally non-identifying, but if the Church associates it with you as a specific
and identifiable person, the Church treats it as Personal Information.
The technologies used to collect Usage Information, including Devise Identifiers, may include:
Cookies. Cookies are data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit our
Sites. This includes information obtained through the use of "cookies" placed on your
computer. In order to provide you with a customized website and to track your viewing patterns, we
may place a "cookie" on your computer that allows us to recognize you when you visit our
site. Cookies are bits of computer code that Shepherd places on your computer that can be accessed
by our computer when you visit this site. Cookies allow us to collect information about you so
that your experience on this site will be as customized as possible. Most computers will
automatically receive cookies. You can prevent cookies from being placed on your computer by
accessing your browser's preferences menu. We do not use cookies to obtain any personal information
about you before or after you leave the Shepherd website. The information that Shepherd collects
helps us to provide information and service to you. In the case of credit or debit card payments or
on-line giving, the information collected allows us to complete the transaction. We may combine
information from other sources with the information that we collect.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons,
may be included in our Sites and e-mail messages. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used
for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Sites, to monitor
how users navigate the Sites, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to
determine whether content sent was actually viewed.
What does Shepherd Church do with the information that is collected?
Any information that you provide to Shepherd or that is obtained through this website may be shared
with related or affiliated entities or to other sister Churches for Church purposes. In the case of
credit or debit card transactions or on-line giving our payment processer requires that we submit
your address along with the account information, including account numbers. We will not sell, rent
or lease your personal information to commercial entities other than or payment processer. Other
than information we release to our payment processer, information that Shepherd may disclose to
third parties (other related or affiliated entities and sister Churches) will only be released in
the aggregate (e.g. number of visitors to a page, etc.) and will not contain any personally
identifiable information. Aggregate information is useful for church statistics and marketing
purposes. Shepherd will not otherwise disclose your name, address, email address or phone number
without your express consent, unless disclosure is necessary to comply with laws or relevant
legal proceedings. Shepherd or other sister ministries may offer services to you such as chat
rooms or other similar discussion forums. Please be aware that any information you divulge in
these arenas is deemed public information and is not protected. Anyone who visits these forums
can gain access to the information you divulge.
Legal Disclosure.
Shepherd may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage
Information and Device Identifier, (including IP address), to third parties to comply with a legal
obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental
authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our
Terms of Use or other applicable policies;
to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of
third parties, visitors to our Sites or the public.
How does linking to other sites affect my privacy protections?
As a courtesy, Shepherd provides links to other sites that are neither owned nor controlled by
Shepherd. Some of these sites may use the "theshepherd.org" logo. These third party sites,
however, are NOT subject to or bound by the Shepherd Privacy Policy. Such third party sites may or
may not have their own privacy policies and may or may not collect personal identifiable information
from you or place cookies on your browser. We urge you to review the privacy policies of each of the
linked websites you visit before you provide them with any personally identifiable information.
Shepherd is not responsible for the privacy policies or any information collection practices of
these sites or any damages resulting therefrom.
Information we receive from third parties.
Shepherd may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you are on another
web site and you opt-in to receive information from the Church, that web site will forward to us
your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. You
may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our
Facebook or Twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party web site)
through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you,
including Personal Information. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users
of a third party web site give us access to their profiles and you are one of their
"connections" or information about you is otherwise accessible through your
"connections" web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other
third party web site or interactive service.
Your choice and access.
You may always direct us not to share your Personal Information with third parties, not to use your
Personal Information to provide you with information, or not to send you newsletters, e-mails or
other communications by: (i) sending us an e-mail at
mail@shepherdchurch.com; (ii) contacting us by mail at
Administration c/o Shepherd Church, 19700 Rinaldi Street, Porter Ranch, CA 91326, or
(iii) following the removal instructions in the communication that you receive. Your opt-out request
will be processed within 30 days of the date on which we receive it. If you wish to verify, correct,
or update any of your personal information collected through our Sites, you may contact us at the
above address or e-mail. In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records
that contain Personal Information you have submitted through our Sites. We are under no obligation to
store such Personal Information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related
to, the destruction of such Personal Information. In addition, you should be aware that it is not
always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without
some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
How does Shepherd Church protect the security of information collected about me?
The security of the information that you provide to us is very important to us. The information you
provide to us online is protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. All transactions
involving sensitive information, such as your credit/debit card number and expiration date, are
conducted using a SSL (Secure Socket Layer) connection. SSL is the leading security protocol for
data transfer on the internet. This technology scrambles your account information as it moves
between your PC's browser and Shepherd's computer systems. When information is scrambled, or
encrypted in this way, it becomes nearly impossible for anyone other than Shepherd to read it. This
secure session helps protect the safety and confidentiality of your information as it is
transmitted to our website.
Shepherd Church protects the privacy of children.
Shepherd is committed to protecting the privacy and safety of children. The Sites is not directed
to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone
under 13 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not
use or maintain his/her Personal Information without the parent/guardian's consent. If we become
aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the
age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. However, in
certain circumstances, we may maintain and use such information (in accordance with the rest of
this Privacy Policy and applicable law) in order to notify and obtain consent from the
parent/guardian and for certain safety, security, liability and other purposes permitted under
applicable law. A parent/guardian can review, remove, change or refuse further collection or use
of their child's Personal Information by contacting us as provided above (include child’s name,
address and e-mail address). If you have any questions or concerns about the protection of
children's privacy, or if parents wish to deny consent and request that Shepherd delete their
child's information, please contact us at the number provided below. We are not responsible for
the data collection and use practices of non-affiliated third parties to which our website may link.
Shepherd Church reserves the right to change or amend this policy.
You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for, access, or use our products, services, content,
features, technologies or functions offered on our website and all related sites, applications, and
services. Shepherd reserves the right to change, amend, or restate this policy. Therefore, you
should revisit this page from time to time to determine the current policy. The revised version
will be effective at the time we post it. Shepherd will post any substantial changes in this privacy
policy at least 30 days prior to implementation of the change. Any information collected under this
current policy will remain bound by the terms of this privacy policy. After the changes take effect,
all new information collected, if any, will be subject to the revised privacy policy.
Privacy policy effective date.
This privacy policy is effective May 27, 2018.
Your affirmative consent to Shepherd Church collection and use of personally identifiable
information. By using this Shepherd website, you are giving us your express consent to use the
information that we collect about you in the manner described in this policy.
Questions or concerns?
If you have comments, questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact the office
of Shepherd of the Hills Church at:
Attn: Administration c/o Shepherd Church
Address: 19700 Rinaldi Street, Porter Ranch, CA 91326
Re: www.shepherdchurch.com Privacy Policy
Telephone: (818) 831-9333
E-Mail: mail@shepherdchurch.com