http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/workplace-rights/
Market Your Law Firm
Meet the Editors
Sign In
Toggle navigation
Shopping-cart
Toggle search
Shop by Products
Find a Lawyer
Legal Articles
Accidents & Injuries
Bankruptcy
Business Formation: LLCs & Corporations
Criminal Law
Debt Management
Disability Law
Divorce & Family Law
DUI / DWI & Traffic Tickets
Employment Law
Foreclosure
Immigration
Landlords
LGBT Law
Nonprofits
Patent, Copyright & Trademark
Personal Finance
Real Estate
Small Business
Small Claims Court & Lawsuits
Social Security & Retirement
Tenants
Taxes
Wills, Trusts & Probate
Workers' Compensation
Toggle search
Shopping-cart
Call us at
Search Type
All
Products
Lawyers
Articles
Search Term
Location
Search
SEARCH
Home
Legal Topics
Employment Law
Employee Rights
Your Rights Against Workplace Discrimination & Harassment
Your Rights Against Workplace Discrimination & Harassment
Learn how to recognize common types of discrimination, retaliation, and harassment -- and what to do if you become a victim.
State Laws Prohibiting Discrimination
CaliforniaColorado DelawareFloridaIdahoIllinoisIndianaMaineMassachusettsMichiganMississippiMontanaNebraskaNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioPennsylvaniaSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTexas VermontVirginiaWest VirginiaWyoming
Discrimination Based on Genetic Information
Can I be fired because I'm overweight?
Our new policy is that all employees must be within “normal” limits when it comes to body mass index (BMI).
How can I get my manager to stop gossiping about my medical condition?
Managers are legally bound to keep genetic information confidential.
Discrimination Based on Race and Ethnicity
more
What Is Race Discrimination?
Learn about race discrimination in the workplace.
Language and Accent Discrimination in the Workplace
English-only rules and job decisions based on an employee's accent may not be legal.
When do jokes cross the line to become racial harassment?
Harassment is illegal if it is severe or pervasive enough to alter the victim's working conditions.
Filing an EEOC Charge of Discrimination
Learn how to assert your right to work free of discrimination and harassment.
View More
Sex Discrimination and Sexual Harassment
more
How to Report Sexual Harassment
Learn how to protect yourself from sexual harassment at the workplace.
What Kinds of Behaviors Are Considered Sexual Harassment?
Sexual harassment takes many forms in today's workplace.
The Equal Pay Act: Equal Pay for Women
The Equal Pay Act requires equal pay for equal work.
Your Right to Accommodation During Pregnancy
Learn about your right to time off or other assistance during your pregnancy.
Will a Lawyer Take Your Sexual Harassment Case?
Find out whether a lawyer would be interested in taking your sexual harassment case.
View More
Disability Discrimination
more
Your Right to a Reasonable Accommodation Under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
The ADA gives employees with disabilities the right to reasonable accommodations that will allow them to do their jobs.
Is changing supervisors a reasonable accommodation for anxiety?
Find out about reasonable accommodations for anxiety disorders.
Disability Discrimination in the Workplace: An Overview of the ADA
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) protects employees from discrimination based on a disability.
California Laws on Service Dogs and Emotional Support Animals in the Workplace
Many California employers need to allow service dogs and emotional support animals in the workplace unless it would create an undue hardship.
Requesting Reasonable Accommodation for a Mental Disability
Under the federal Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), applicants and employees with disabilities are protected from discrimination in the workplace. The ADA also requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation: changes to the structure, policies, rules, or other facets of the workplace that
View More
Other Types of Discrimination
more
Your Rights Against Religious Discrimination
Employers may not discriminate based on religion and must reasonably accommodate an employee's religious beliefs.
Your Rights Against Age Discrimination
The ADEA and other state and federal laws prohibit age discrimination at the workplace.
Sexual Orientation Discrimination: Your Rights
A recent Supreme Court decision prohibits sexual orientation discrimination in the workplace.
Discrimination Based on Gender Identity
Learn about your rights against transgender discrimination in the workplace.
The Older Workers Benefit Protection Act
This amendment to the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA) prohibits discrimination in benefits -- and protects employees who waive their right to sue.
View More
Asserting Your Rights Against Discrimination
more
Workplace Retaliation: What Are Your Rights?
Learn about workplace retaliation -- and what to do if it happens to you.
Suing for Harassment or Discrimination
Before you can file a harassment or discrimination lawsuit against your employer, you have to bring your complaint to a state or federal agency.
Will a Lawyer Take Your Employment Discrimination Case?
Find out how a lawyer will evaluate your potential employment discrimination case.
What Is the EEOC?
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission enforces federal laws prohibiting workplace discrimination.
What Damages Can You Get If Your Employer Retaliates Against You?
Learn how you may be compensated if you win a retaliation case against your employer.
View More
Related Products
MORE
The Employer's Legal Handbook
The Essential Guide to Family & Medical Leave
Your Rights in the Workplace
More About This Topic
Asserting Your Rights Against Discrimination
Disability Discrimination
Discrimination Based on Race and National Origin
Other Types of Discrimination
Sex Discrimination and Sexual Harassment
More About This Topic
Asserting Your Rights Against Discrimination
Disability Discrimination
Discrimination Based on Race and National Origin
Other Types of Discrimination
Sex Discrimination and Sexual Harassment
More Legal Topics
California Employment Law
Collecting Unemployment Benefits
Discipline & Terminations
Employee Benefits & Health and Safety in the Workplace
Getting Hired
Labor Unions
Your Rights Under Wage & Hour Laws
Your Right to Privacy in the Workplace
Your Right to Time Off Work
More Legal Topics
California Employment Law
Collecting Unemployment Benefits
Discipline & Terminations
Employee Benefits & Health and Safety in the Workplace
Getting Hired
Labor Unions
Your Rights Under Wage & Hour Laws
Your Right to Privacy in the Workplace
Your Right to Time Off Work
Get Professional Help
Talk to a Wrongful Termination attorney.
Zip Code
Start
How It Works
Briefly tell us about your case
Provide your contact information
Choose attorneys to contact you
Company Information
Company Information
About Nolo
Careers
Press Room
Blog
Contact Us
Customer Service
Tech Support
Products & Services
Products & Services
Books & Software
New Arrivals & Coupons
Bestsellers
Articles
Redeem a Product
Lawyer Directory
Lawyer Directory
Market Your Law Firm
Find a Lawyer
Lawyers by Location
Tips on Hiring Lawyers
Free Legal Information
Free Legal Information
Articles & FAQs
Legal Updates
Calculators
Law Blogs
Legal Research
Newest Articles
Legal Dictionary
Sales
Sales
Affiliates
Library
Trade
Copyright © 2020 MH Sub I, LLC dba Nolo ®
Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Do Not Sell My Personal Information