https://www.heavensinspirations.com/privacy.html
Inspiring Others For Jesus
Search Heavens Inspirations:
Google:
Yahoo:
MSN:
This free script provided by
JavaScript Kit
In His Image
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Heavens Inspirations collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://heavensinspirations.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Heavens Inspirations.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site uses "cookies" to enhance User experience and for statistical purposes — including Google Analytics to help analyze how users use this site. The information generated by the cookie (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is used to evaluate visitors' use of this website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Heavens Inspirations. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Heavens Inspirations may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find links on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Heavens Inspirations has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of use. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us using the contact form.
Heavens Inspirations
http://heavensinspirations.com
Drury,
South Auckland,
New Zealand
This document was last updated on January 26, 2014
Privacy policy created by Privacy Policies.com
Poetry, Card Verses, Devotional & Song Content On This Site Is The Copyright © Of M.S.Lowndes of Heavens Inspirations 2003-2020