http://www.ldsliving.com/pages/termsofuse
LatestWe asked, you answered: 10 ways the gospel has impacted your careerLindsey Williams - Editor&rsquo;s note: &ldquo; We asked, you answered &rdquo; highlights memorable responses to discussion questions posed on
LDS Living&rsquo;s social media accounts. Follow along on
Facebook
and
Instagram
to contribute. When we asked our social followers, &ldquo;How has the gospel impacted your career?&rdquo; we loved seeing the touching and beautiful ways the gospel influences all aspects of our lives&mdash;even our jobs.
Here are 10 answers to that question posed on our Instagram account. We hope reading them will help you to see the blessings the gospel provides in every aspect of life.
Responses have been edited for clarity and brevity. ...Get the most out of your 2021 ‘Come, Follow Me’ study with these new resourcesLDS Living Staff - In 2021, we will start a new year of Come, Follow Me in the Doctrine and Covenants. Whether your children are young or grown, make sure your family has everything you need to dive a little deeper and to learn a little more in your daily study. Study Helps Don&#39;t Miss This in the Doctrine and Covenants: Exploring One Verse From Each Section You&#39;ve read the Doctrine and Covenants before, but Emily Belle Freeman and David Butler, hosts of the popular YouTube scripture study channel &quot;Don&#39;t Miss This,&quot; have created a new approach that will change the way you read your...Watch: John Bytheway’s “5-Minute Fireside” about ChristmasLDS Living - On Dec. 15, 1985, a Church News editorial titled &ldquo;The Three Levels of Christmas&rdquo; was published in the Deseret News . It was written by William B. Smart, who was at the time the editor and general manager of the Church News . The column made a significant impact on author and speaker John Bytheway, and years later, Smart&rsquo;s &ldquo;Three Levels of Christmas&rdquo; are reaching a new generation through Bytheway&rsquo;s most recent book, Born This Happy Morning .
This week, a five-minute fireside with Bytheway outlining the three levels of Christmas, as taught by Smart, was released by LDS Living . ...Mack Wilberg and Ron Jarrett share favorite moments from Tabernacle Choir Christmas concertsLindsey Williams - Though the Tabernacle Choir at Temple Square may not be physically performing this year, many will experience the joy of their 2019 concert, Christmas Day in the Morning , from their homes beginning next week . Choir director Mack Wilberg and choir president Ron Jarrett join this week&rsquo;s episode of the Church News podcast , sharing favorite memories from Christmas concerts through the years. As part of the episode, Wilberg and Jarrett look back on some of their favorite memories from Christmas concerts through the years. Jarrett recalls the year honoring Gail Halverson as the Candy Bomber with parachutes dropped from...Watch: The Piano Guys perform ‘What Child Is This?’ as part of Christmas special with ‘The Chosen’Danielle Christensen - In this new music video from The Piano Guys, viewers are asked to contemplate the question, &ldquo;What Child Is This?&rdquo; In the video, which currently has over 46,000 views, pianist Jon Schmidt and cellist Steven Sharp Nelson play the Christmas carol at the Church&rsquo;s Motion Picture Set in Goshen, Utah, with the sun just peeking above the mountains which are silhouetted at their backs. Other scenes show the city Jerusalem as it would have looked in Christ&rsquo;s time. In another video released the same day, Dallas Jenkins of The Chosen &mdash;the first multi-season show about the life of Christ&mdash;says the first...See AllFeaturedGet the most out of your 2021 ‘Come, Follow Me’ study with these new resourcesLDS Living Staff - In 2021, we will start a new year of Come, Follow Me in the Doctrine and Covenants. Whether your children are young or grown, make sure your family has everything you need to dive a little deeper and to learn a little more in your daily study. Study Helps Don&#39;t Miss This in the Doctrine and Covenants: Exploring One Verse From Each Section You&#39;ve read the Doctrine and Covenants before, but Emily Belle Freeman and David Butler, hosts of the popular YouTube scripture study channel &quot;Don&#39;t Miss This,&quot; have created a new approach that will change the way you read your...Watch: John Bytheway’s “5-Minute Fireside” about ChristmasLDS Living - On Dec. 15, 1985, a Church News editorial titled &ldquo;The Three Levels of Christmas&rdquo; was published in the Deseret News . It was written by William B. Smart, who was at the time the editor and general manager of the Church News . The column made a significant impact on author and speaker John Bytheway, and years later, Smart&rsquo;s &ldquo;Three Levels of Christmas&rdquo; are reaching a new generation through Bytheway&rsquo;s most recent book, Born This Happy Morning .
This week, a five-minute fireside with Bytheway outlining the three levels of Christmas, as taught by Smart, was released by LDS Living . ...‘We’ll go inside someday’: Memories of the Washington D.C. Temple before its annual Christmas lights festivalMorgan Jones - My childhood memories of the temple all revolve around the Washington D.C. Temple. It was this temple that I saw in all of my parents&rsquo; wedding pictures. It looked like a castle and I dreamed of going inside someday. My earliest understanding of temple worship was that my parents went inside this beautiful building while we watched videos in a visitors&rsquo; center and they returned with giant chocolate chip cookies. I didn&rsquo;t know at the time what happened inside the walls of the temple and certainly didn&rsquo;t understand the nature of covenants, but I knew that I felt happy any time...4 Hebrew translations that help us see the Savior more clearly in the Book of MormonEmily Abel, adapted from the "Sunday on Monday" Study Group - This article originally ran in the November/December 2020
issue of LDS Living magazine. She is known as Sister Uzelac Hall to the classes of seminary students she substitutes for. But when she is not teaching seminary, she is your friend Tammy, the host of the Sunday on Monday
Study Group who loves to discuss stories and insights from Come, Follow Me
with anyone wanting to join the conversation. As a lifelong student of Hebrew, Tammy can elaborate on familiar scriptural words in a way that opens up hidden levels of meaning. While Tammy shares a definition of a Hebrew word in...Elder Soares emphasized to Brisbane Saints the importance of heeding President Nelson's most recent teachingsLDS Living - Editor&rsquo;s note: &ldquo; This week from the pulpit &rdquo; highlights recent messages from General Authorities, General Officers, and leaders of the Church. This story has been updated throughout the week. Find summaries of remarks below or use the menu to jump to a specific section. Speaking of &ldquo;from the pulpit&quot; has become ironic in the midst of a pandemic, as the pulpit spoken of is often the same. But despite the fact that many Church leaders are speaking from the same pulpit located somewhere inside the Conference Center in Salt Lake City with the same stone backdrop, technology has allowed them...See AllVideosPodcastsBook ClubLesson HelpsLatestFrom the ChurchFamous MormonsNewsHumorVideosFunFHEMakes You ThinkMormon LifeTravelFeatured9 life-changing quotes from John BythewayLDS Living Staff - Popular Latter-day Saint author and speaker John Bytheway is known for his gospel insights. Here are nine of our favorite quotes from his inspiring teachings. &quot;Our bodies need water every single day. A five-gallon water jug, downed in one sitting only once a month, will not enable us to survive. The same is true of our spirits. The teachings and doctrines of the Book of Mormon are like &#39;living water,&#39; but they are best experienced as daily living water providing life, refreshment, and joy to the soul.&quot; Found in
Golden Answers: Why We Need The Book of Mormon &quot;One of...15 meaningful gifts for ministering friends and familiesLDS Living Staff - Looking for a simple way to let your ministering friends and families know you&#39;re thinking of them this holiday season? Check out some of these great gift ideas: Christmas Socks
$5.99&ndash;$9.99
There&#39;s nothing cozier than sitting in front of a fire with a pair of new, warm socks. These plush socks are extremely thick and soft, making them an easy way to gift to bring Christmas cheer to friends and neighbors! Buy Now Names of Christ Star Ornament Set
(12-Piece Set) $17.99
Share a special Christ-centered tradition as you give a visual reminder of the sacred names of the Savior. Give...18 of our favorite stocking stuffers from Deseret BookLDS Living Staff - The stockings were hung by the chimney with care . . . and they were full of Christmas goodies! Here are 18 irresistible stocking stuffers you can get this year. Christmas Socks There&#39;s nothing cozier than sitting in front of a fire with a pair of new, warm socks. These cozy socks are insanely thick and soft, making them an easy way to bring your whole family together no matter how and where you are celebrating this Christmas season. Learn More Pocket Gospel Classics About the size of a cellphone, and with text flowing from top page to bottom page so...Shop these Cyber Week deals at Deseret BookLDS Living Staff - It&#39;s Cyber Week on DeseretBook.com ! In addition to the great deals below, take advantage of the &ldquo;Buy More Save More&rdquo; deal! Spend $75, save 10%, spend $100, save 15%, or spend $125, save 20%! Bring Christmas home and start saving big on the top holiday products. Click here to shop all the deals. Studio C Greatest Sketches &mdash; $4.99 (Save 50%) One of BYUtv&#39;s most popular original series, the sketch-comedy show
Studio C
brings you memorable characters like Scott Sterling, the Bisque Man, and the Awkward Avoidance Viking. Join the cast&mdash;including Whitney Call, Mallory Everton, Stephen Meek, Jason Gray, Matt...Watch: John Bytheway’s “5-Minute Fireside” about ChristmasLDS Living - On Dec. 15, 1985, a Church News editorial titled &ldquo;The Three Levels of Christmas&rdquo; was published in the Deseret News . It was written by William B. Smart, who was at the time the editor and general manager of the Church News . The column made a significant impact on author and speaker John Bytheway, and years later, Smart&rsquo;s &ldquo;Three Levels of Christmas&rdquo; are reaching a new generation through Bytheway&rsquo;s most recent book, Born This Happy Morning .
This week, a five-minute fireside with Bytheway outlining the three levels of Christmas, as taught by Smart, was released by LDS Living . ...See AllVideosPodcastsBook ClubLesson Helps
View our Privacy Policy here
LDS Living.com Terms of Use
Last updated: September 22, 2017
Welcome to LDSLiving.com! LDS Living, a subsidiary of Deseret Book Company ("Deseret Book"), seeks to provide online access to articles, features and other products and services that are wholesome and uplifting to you and your family. As you visit our site, and those we have partnered with, or when you visit or shop at DeseretBook.com, use LDS Living or Deseret Book products or services, use Deseret Book applications for mobile, or use software provided by Deseret Book in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively, "Deseret Book Services") please adhere to the following terms of use:
By using Deseret Book Services, you agree to these conditions. Please read them carefully.
We offer a wide range of Deseret Book Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. When you use a Deseret Book Service (for example, LDS Living.com, DeseretBook.com, Deseret Bookshelf Plus or Deseret Book apps) you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms and agreements applicable to that Deseret Book Service ("Service Terms"). If these Terms of Use are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice (https://deseretbook.com/privacy), which also governs your use of Deseret Book Services, to understand our practices.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use Deseret Book Services, or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you may be communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically, such as e-mails, texts, mobile push notices, or notices and messages on this site or through the other Deseret Book Services, such as our Message Center, and you can retain copies of these communications for your records. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included in or made available through any Deseret Book Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software is the property of Deseret Book, LDS Living and affiliates (individually and/or collectively “Deseret Book”) or our content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Deseret Book Service is the exclusive property of Deseret Book and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. To request permission to use any of our published material, please send an email with your request to permissions@deseretbook.com
TRADEMARKS
All imprints, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, brands, trade and service names included in or made available through any Deseret Book Service are trademarks or trade dress of Deseret Bookin the U.S. and other countries. Deseret Book trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Deseret Book in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Deseret Book. All other trademarks not owned by Deseret Book that appear in any Deseret Book Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Deseret Book.
LICENSE AND ACCESS
Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use and any Service Terms, and your payment of any applicable fees, Deseret Book or their respective content providers, grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-commercial and non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and use  the Deseret Book Services. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any Deseret Book Service, or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any Deseret Book Service or its contents; any downloading, copying, or other use of account information for the benefit of any third party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Deseret Book, LDS Living and affiliates or their licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders, or other content providers. No Deseret Book Service, nor any part of any Deseret Book Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Deseret Book as applicable.
YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need your own Deseret Book account to use certain Deseret Book Services, and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it https://deseretbook.com/login You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Deseret Book does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under 18, you may use the Deseret Book Services only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Deseret Book reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, terminate your rights to use Deseret Book Services, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
You may post reviews, comments, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, patently false, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights (including publicity rights), or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam" or unsolicited commercial electronic messages. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Deseret Book reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Deseret Book a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Deseret Book and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Deseret Book for all claims resulting from content you supply. Deseret Book has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Deseret Book takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
Deseret Book respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact rights@deseretbook.com
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Deseret Book attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, Deseret Book does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of any Deseret Book Service is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Deseret Book itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition within 30 days of receipt.
APP PERMISSIONS
When you use apps created by Deseret Book, such as the Deseret Bookshelf app, you may grant certain permissions to us for your device. Most mobile devices provide you with information about these permissions. To learn more about these permissions, refer to our legal page https://deseretbook.com/legal/terms
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE DESERET BOOK SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) AND OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE DESERET BOOK SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY DESERET BOOK/LDS LIVING ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. DESERET BOOK/LDS LIVING MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE DESERET BOOK SERVICES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE DESERET BOOK SERVICES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DESERET BOOK SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, DESERET BOOK/LDS LIVING DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. DESERET BOOK/LDS LIVING DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE DESERET BOOK SERVICES, INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE DESERET BOOK SERVICES, DESERET BOOK'S SERVERS OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT FROM DESERET BOOK/LDS LIVING ARE FREE OF VIRUSES, MALWARE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, DESERET BOOK/LDS LIVING WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF ANY DESERET BOOK SERVICE, OR FROM ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU OR MADE AVAILABLE BY YOU THROUGH ANY DESERET BOOK SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING.
DISPUTES
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any Deseret Book Service, or to any products or services sold or distributed by LDS Living and/or through Deseret Book.com will be resolved by mediation followed by binding arbitration if necessary, rather than in court. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration laws apply to this agreement. Any such mediation and/or arbitration will take place in Salt Lake City, Utah. Each party will be responsible for their own costs and the cost of the mediator will be divided equally between the parties.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Conditions of Use as a court would. Notwithstanding any of the previous, the maximum amount Deseret Book, LDS Living and affiliates can be held liable for any claim is $1,000.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
APPLICABLE LAW
By using any Deseret Book Service, you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Utah, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Deseret Book.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our privacy policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your use of Deseret Book Services. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, Terms of Use, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
OUR ADDRESS
LDS Living
c/o Deseret Book Company
PO Box 30178
Salt Lake City, Utah 84130
https://deseretbook.com/contact
LDS LivingLatestFeaturedCome, Follow Me Lesson HelpsVideosPodcastsBook ClubSubscribe To Print MagazineSubscribe To RSS FeedsHelpful LinksDeseret BookLatter-day Saint TravelLatter-day Saint ArtLatter-day Saint MoviesMissionary ClothingChurchofJesusChrist.orgDeseret Bookshelf AppTime Out for Women EventsModest ClothingJoin Our NewsletterI agree and consent to LDS Living's Privacy PolicyFollow LDS Living on
Follow @ldsliving
LDS Living
HomeAdvertiseAbout UsContact UsTerms of UseSubscribePrint Issue ArchivesDo not sell my personal informationTerms of Use©2020 LDS Living, A Division of Deseret Book Company