http://www.aldersgateemmaus.org/privacy-policy
Login
Register
Menu
What is Emmaus?History of WTE
AttendingWhat to Bring
Accommodations
Equal Commitment
Applications
Fourth DayReunion Groups
Prayer Guidance
Events & Gatherings
Signup for a Prayer Clock
About UsEmmaus Board of Directors
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To send periodic emails (the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions)How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.Do we use cookies?Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make changes to their information at anytime by logging into the site and going to the 'My Account' page. However, certain information that is collected through non-electronic forms is not modifiable by the end user. Requests to modify this information should be submitted in writing by visiting the "Contact Us" page.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
My Agape Basket
Your Agape Basket is empty
Upcoming Weekends
Men's Walk to Emmaus #159
Mar 04, 2021
Women's Walk to Emmaus #159
Mar 11, 2021
Men's Walk to Emmaus #160
Oct 07, 2021
Women's Walk to Emmaus #160
Oct 14, 2021
View all scheduled weekends
Great Green Agape Challenge Leaderboard
See the full results
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events scheduled for this community.
View all events
Latest Articles
There are no articles to display.
View all...
Links
Florida Aldersgate Chrysalis
The Upper Room
Upper Room Chrysalis
Upper Room Emmaus
Other Florida Emmaus Communities
Big Bend Emmaus - Tallahassee
Florida Crown Emmaus - Jacksonville
Florida Sonrise Emmaus - Ormond Beach
Gulf Coast Emmaus - Ft. Myers
Heart of Florida - Bartow
Oceanside Emmaus - Ft. Lauderdale
Southeast Florida Emmaus - Palm Beach Gardens
Sun Coast Emmaus - Venice
Tampa Bay Area Emmaus - Brandon
Green 'E'gape
Your recurring gift of green agape helps Aldersgate Emmaus fulfill our mission of empowering leaders to be the hands and feet of Christ. Your gift will be used to purchase weekend supplies and provide scholarship opportunities to pilgrims who may otherwise be unable to attend a weekend.
Payment Options
Option 1: $10.00 USD - monthlyOption 2: $25.00 USD - monthlyOption 3: $50.00 USD - monthlyOption 4: $100.00 USD - monthly
The Aldersgate Pilgrim
Stay informed of the latest news and events in the Aldersgate Emmaus Community!
Manage my subscriptions
Previous issuesAldersgate Pilgrim - Summer/Fall 2020 (Part 2)
Aldersgate Pilgrim Winter/Spring 2020
Aldersgate Pilgrim - Winter/Spring 2020
Weekend Walks Coming Up!
Reminder from Your Community Lay Director...
Copyright ©2016 Aldersgate Emmus.  All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Data Validation Login
Scroll