https://www.reinhartlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentAbout UsLeadershipService StandardsFirm RankingsCommunity TiesDiversityPro BonoHistoryContact UsLocationsMilwaukeeMadisonWaukeshaWausauChicagoRockfordMinneapolisDenverPhoenixNews and InsightsMultimediaCareersCoronavirus Resource Center AllCoronavirusPeopleLanguageLocationPracticePracticesKnowledgeNews
Print PrintPDF PDFForward Forward At Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren, we care deeply about privacy.Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c. (“Reinhart”, “we” or “us”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy while providing you relevant content that is valuable to you and your business, so we have taken measures to make it clear how your information is collected and used by Reinhart.By using this website, including by providing your personal information, you consent and agree to the terms specified in this Policy. This Privacy Policy is intended to assist you to understand how we collect, use, disclose and protect the personal information you elect to provide us and to enable you to make an informed decision about using our website.This Privacy Policy covers the following:
What Personal Data Is Collected We collect personal data that you provide whenever you communicate with us through this website, emails and at Reinhart events. We may also collect or receive personal information from third-party websites and services (e.g. LinkedIn). Certain areas and services on the website may ask you to provide personal information, including by logging in or registering. This may include providing personal information collected to register for Reinhart’s client alerts or to register for events (e.g., name, organization, phone number, email address, address), or to apply for career opportunities with Reinhart (e.g., employment and educational background, and other relevant identifying information). If you register or complete forms on any portion of the website or in tangible form, you may subsequently receive information about client alerts, events, or other materials or activities.We also collect automatically as the result of your use of our website and interaction with forms found on our website, in emails or at Reinhart sponsored events. This information includes but is not limited to:Contact Information: the Internet Protocol (IP) address enables us to determine the device from which you are accessing the Reinhart websites, the operating system you are running, the screen resolution of the device, the country and city from which you are accessing the website, your language preference, web browser version, and other details during your visit.Usage Information: the specific actions you take on the website, including the pages you visit or click on, the date and time of your visit, the frequency and duration of your visit(s), and the search terms you use to navigate the website.Referral Information: if you arrive on the website from an external source (such as a link in an email, a link published on social media, etc.), we record the details about the source that directed you to our website.
How We Use and Basis for Collecting Personal Data Reinhart uses your personal information and information obtained for our own business, educational, social, and recruiting activities to personalize your experience and to improve the performance of our website. We may use your personal information to:Communicate with you;Provide you publications, products, services and marketing materials; andNotify you of events.We collect information that allows us to determine the success of marketing campaigns and our website, which we use to refine our offering to better service our clients and interested third parties.We collect and process the majority of your personal information when you voluntarily provide it or otherwise indicate your consent. Any other processing is performed (a) when we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data, (b) pursuant to a contract between you and us, or (c) if we are legally obligated.
Cookies & Technologies We Rely Upon You can navigate the majority of the website without giving personal information. However, Reinhart and its service providers use cookies and other commonly used automatic data collection technologies, such as web beacons, both session and persistent on our website and e-marketing. Unlike session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, persistent cookies remain on your hard drive. Cookies are small text files placed on the device you use to access our website that allow us to collect data to improve the website and user experience. Cookies allow us, among other things, to recognize repeat users, store user preferences and settings, provide visitors with personalized content, and remember information entered in forms in future visits. For more information about cookies, please read our Cookie Policy:
The site also relies upon third-party security services, such as WordFence, to verify that visitors to the website are human beings in order to protect the website from malicious attacks. The methods used by these services are not intended for any business gains or marketing purpose and only serve security and anti-fraud functions.
Sharing of Your Personal Data Personal information, such as your name or email address, will not be sold or rented to any third parties. However, we may share your personal information as follows:with service providers we have retained to provide services on our behalf (e.g. web hosting companies, data analysis providers, auditors, etc.); in the event we sell, transfer or combine all or a portion of our business or assets (or negotiate such sale or transfer). If such a sale or transfer occur, we will require that the transferee use personal information you have provided through this website in a manner consistent with our privacy policy and the applicable legal framework.we may share personal information if we are required to do so by law or legal process, in response to a request from government authorities, or if we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent personal harm or financial loss; or with your consent.
Social Media & Third Party Websites This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party websites, services, applications, or online resources to which this website or our email may link, frame, or otherwise reference. Reinhart takes no responsibility for the content or privacy practices of those third parties. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any third party you access. Please note that any information that is posted or disclosed through social media services may be available to us and to other users of that service or the public.
Where We Store Personal Data We store information that we collect on servers located in the United States. The European Union has deemed that such storage may not provide “adequate” data protection. By providing your personal information and accessing this website, you consent to the transfer to, storing and processing of your personal information in the United States.
How We Secure Personal Data To secure personal information collected online, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure only appropriate use of personal information, we have implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. However, we do not guarantee the security of your personal information.
Accessing Your Personal Data and Preferences If you would like to review, modify, or delete your personal information, or to revoke any consent you have previously provided, you can do so at any time by visiting the Subscription page on our website, emailing us, or writing us at the address provided below. If you would like to modify your email preferences or opt-out of receiving marketing and other communications from Reinhart, you can do so by visiting the Subscription page or by contacting us. You can also choose to unsubscribe from email newsletters and notifications on this page or by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any Reinhart email.If you ask us to delete your data, we will do so within a reasonable period of time, but we may need to retain some of your personal data in order to satisfy our legal obligations or when we have a legitimate business reason for doing so.
Changes and Updates to This Privacy Policy Reinhart reserves the right to modify its policies and procedures at any time, so please review it frequently. If we decide to materially change this privacy policy, we will notify you by amending the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page. By continuing to use our website after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions.
Contact Us If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern or questions that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may contact Reinhart via our Contact Us page, send an email, or write to us at:Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c. Attn: Marketing 1000 North Water Street, Suite 1700 Milwaukee, WI 53204.
Disclaimer: These materials provide general information which does not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be relied upon as such. Particular facts or future developments in the law may affect the topic(s) addressed within these materials. Always consult with a lawyer about your particular circumstances before acting on any information presented in these materials because it may not be applicable to you or your situation.  Providing these materials to you does not create an attorney/client relationship.  You should not provide confidential information to us until Reinhart agrees to represent you.This Privacy Policy was updated on 1.9.2019 Reinhart Boerner Van DeurenConnect With UsLinkedInFacebookTwitterGoogle BusinessThe Knowledge You NeedGet customized alerts, updates, event reminders and more. Subscribe
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Policy Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy OverviewReinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c. is committed to safeguarding your privacy, so we have taken measures to make it clear how your information is collected and used by Reinhart outlined in the Privacy Policy.
Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. disable Allow Strictly Necessary
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party CookiesThis website uses Google Analytics and other commonly used automatic data collection technologies such as web beacons to collect anonymous information.Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. disable Allow Third Party Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie PolicyMore information about our Privacy Policy.
Enable All Save Changes