http://www.priasphalt.com/privacy-policy
Tips for a successful search
Using specific industry keywords and phrases will generate the best results for your search. Generic terms like asphalt, building materials, chemicals, etc. will generate a large number of results.
If you are searching to see if we perform a specific Test Method or Specification, use the  Product Testing Index.
Search
Call us anytime 813-621-5777
Product Testing Index
Contact
PRI
Privacy Policy
PRI Privacy PolicyEffective Date: June 20, 2017PRI Asphalt Technologies, Inc. and PRI Construction Materials, Inc. (hereinafter "PRI") believes that maintaining your privacy on the Internet is important. As such, PRI has adopted this Privacy Policy to explain how it collects, uses, transfers, stores, and discloses your personal or personally identifiable information. This information may include but is not limited to email addresses, physical addresses, zip codes, names, ages, sex, gender, location, resumes, web browser type, search terms, network traffic patters, and any other information that you voluntarily transmit to the Website (hereinafter "Personal Information").This Privacy Policy does not apply to third parties that may be linked to or through the Website, and PRI cannot be held liable for the use of your Personal Information by a party that PRI does not own or control. PRI will not share your Personal Information with third parties, except where otherwise provided in this agreement.Collection and Use of Personal InformationPRI may collect Personal Information from you when you use the Website, and this information will be used only for the purposes of the Website, which may include but is not limited to communicate with you or to update you on the benefits of PRI's products or services. PRI may also collect data about your use of the Website that may be used to tailor the Website to your preferences and evaluate the performance of the Website. This data may include, without limitation, your IP address, your Internet or network origin, your web browser type, CPU speed or type, click patterns, session IDs, and any other information gathered via cookies.You agree that PRI may use your email address, however obtained, to communicate with you and to update you on PRI's services and benefits. By submitting any Personal Information to the Website, including without limitation an email address, you agree that PRI may contact you. PRI may use this Personal Information to customize the Website.Transmission or Disclosure of Personal InformationPRI will not transmit or disclose your Personal Information to any third party, whether by sale, rental, transfer, lease, or lending, except where necessary to prevent fraud, to protect PRI, its employees, its property, or third parties on PRI's property, to comply with a law or regulation, or to comply with a duly authorized subpoena.PRI may transmit or disclose your Personal Information to a third party in the event that PRI sells a business unit or subsidiary. Should PRI sell a business unit or subsidiary, your Personal Information will continue to be used consistent with this Privacy Policy.Opt-Out of Collection of Personal InformationPRI allows you to opt-out of any communications sent by PRI to you. To opt-out of communications from PRI, you must notify PRI in writing. PRI will not be held responsible for communications from entities that PRI does not own or control.Transmission of Personal Information Across National BoundariesBy using the Website, you understand and agree that your Personal Information may be transferred across national boundaries and processed in the United States.Protection of Your Personal InformationAll pages containing your Personal Information are protected using commercially standard and commercially reasonable encryption to ensure the protection of your Personal Information. You are advised not to share any unnecessary Personal Information with third parties.While PRI undertakes commercially reasonable steps to ensure the security of your Personal Information, PRI cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will be completely secure. You understand and agree that you provide your Personal Information to PRI at your own risk.PRI works to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate. You understand and agree that you have an ongoing duty to ensure that your Personal Information continues to be accurate, complete, current, and relevant, and you must inform PRI of any changes in your Personal Information.AmendmentPRI reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and in its sole discretion. Should PRI amend this Privacy Policy, the Effective Date of this policy will change.NoticeAny notices or questions concerning this Privacy Policy may be directed to:PRI Asphalt Technologies, Inc.6408 Badger Dr.Tampa, FL 33610-2004