http://www.stmarkstn.org/privacy-policy
Page Updated!
×
Your page has been updated and a back up was created for the previous version.
Close
WelcomeFirst VisitOur StoryOur BeliefsOur team
WorshipServicesSermons
GrowChildrenStudentsScoutingAdultsSenior AdultsWednesday Nights
ServeChurchCommunityWorld
GiveWays to GiveGenerosityEndowment
ConnectEventsCareRecreationResources
PreschoolProgramOur TeamEnrollment
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: April 6, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes information St Marks United Methodist Church (“St. Mark’s” or “we”) in Murfreesboro, TN may collect when you visit and/or use the website found at http://www.stmarkstn.org/ (the “Site”) and how we store, use, and disclose that information.Please read the Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE. By accessing or using the Site, or by clicking “I agree,” you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. St. Mark’s will post the modified version at this link. Your continued use of the Site after the Privacy Policy is modified is deemed to be acceptance of those modifications.
Scope. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected when you use the Site and in electronic communications transmitted through the Site. It does not apply to information collected offline or by other means.
Information We Collect. St. Mark’s collects personal information and non-personal information. St. Mark’s collects information that may personally identify you, such as your name, email address, street address, phone number, account information, financial information when making donations or payments through its service provider’s site, information that you disclose when contacting St. Mark’s, events you register for, and IP address. St. Mark’s collects some information that is about you individually, but does not identify you, and collects information about your internet connection, your device used to access the Site, and your use of the Site and the Site.
How We Collect. St. Mark’s collects information from and about you directly when you provide such information to St. Mark’s and automatically when you use the Site.
Information You Provide. St. Mark’s collects information you provide when you register and create or update an account, when you complete any of the forms available through the Site, when you correspond with us through the contact tool, subscribe to our newsletter, register for events, pay for registration, make donations, purchase items, seek volunteer opportunities through the service interest tool, or otherwise correspond with St. Mark’s.
Information Collected Automatically. When you visit or otherwise use the Site, St. Mark’s collects details about your access and use of the Site, including IP address, details about your device, internet connection, operating system, browser type, browsing actions, and the resources that you access and use on the Site, and other traffic data through cookies, pixels, and other technology. The information St. Mark’s collects automatically may include personal information or St. Mark’s may associate it with personal information it collects in other ways or receives from third parties. If St. Mark’s associates such data with personal information, St. Mark’s will treat it as personal information, but if such data is not associated with other personal information, St. Mark’s will treat it as non-personal information.
Cookies and Related Technology.
Browser Cookies. Browser cookies are small files placed on your device. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and may not be able to use certain portions of the Site at all. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse browser cookies, St. Mark’s system will issue browser cookies when you direct the browser to the Site.
Flash Cookies. Flash cookies are local stored objects that collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on the Site. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings that are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons/Pixels. Web beacons or pixels are small electronic files that allow St. Mark’s to count users who have visited the page or opened an email, or measure other statistics.
How We Use. St. Mark’s uses information that you provide and/or that St. Mark’s collects to present the Site to you, to provide you with information, and/or services that you request from St. Mark’s, to provide you with information about opportunities, services, or events that may be of interest to you, to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide such information, to provide you with notices about your account and information you requested, to carry out St. Mark’s obligations and enforce St. Mark’s rights arising from any agreements entered into between you and St. Mark’s, to notify you about changes to the Site or any services St. Mark’s offers or provides, to estimate audience size and usage patterns, to store information about your preferences, to allow you to participate in interactive features on the Site, in any other way St. Mark’s may describe when you provide the information, and for any other purpose with your consent. St. Mark’s may aggregate the information you provide or that St. Mark’s collects from you with information collected from other users to allow St. Mark’s to evaluate its services and measure the need for such services in the future.
To Whom We Disclose.
General. St. Mark’s may disclose aggregated information about its users and information that does not identify any individual without restriction. St. Mark’s may disclose personal information that it collects or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy, to contractors or service providers, and other third parties St. Mark’s uses to support its organization including without limitation its church management software company and webhosting company; to a successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of St. Mark’s assets; to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the personal information; for any other purpose disclosed by St. Mark’s when you provide the information, and with your consent. St. Mark’s may also disclose your personal information to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, to enforce St. Mark’s terms of use and other agreements, and if St. Mark’s believes disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of St. Mark’s, its customers, or others.
No Disclosure for Third Party Direct Marketing. St. Mark’s does not share personal information it receives or collects from you with third parties to allow those third parties for their direct marketing purposes (to market their own goods or services directly to you) unless you have first consented and then only unless or until you withdraw your consent.
Google Analytics. The Site use Google Analytics. You can learn how Google collects and processes data here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Your Choices.
Do Not Track. St. Mark’s Site does not respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Tracking Technologies. You may set your browser to refuse some or all browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how to manage Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that parts of the Site may not be accessible or may not function properly.
Promotions by St. Mark’s. If you do not want St. Mark’s to use your information to contact you about its or third parties’ goods and services, you may click “unsubscribe” at the bottom of email communications from St. Mark’s, or you may contact St. Mark’s at the contact information set forth below.
Third Party Direct Marketing. If you have consented to our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes and you wish to withdraw that consent to opt-out of such practice and prevent further disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you may do so by contacting us by U.S. mail or email using the information set forth in Section 11 below.
Updating Information. You may review and change your personal information that you provide to St. Mark’s via the donation profile established through St. Mark’s service provider by logging in and visiting your profile page to make edits to the settings. You may also contact St. Mark’s at the contact information set forth below to request access to, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to St. Mark’s. St. Mark’s may not be able to delete your personal information except by also deleting your account or may not delete all of your personal information. Without limiting the foregoing, St. Mark’s will not delete information about your past donations or events for which you’ve registered and will not delete information it is legally obligated to preserve. St. Mark’s may not accommodate a request to change information if St. Mark’s believes the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. If you delete any content you post from the Site, copies of such content may remain in cached and archived pages or might have been copied or stored by others.
Data Security. The safety and security of your information depends in part on you. Where St. Mark’s has given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Do not share your password with others. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. St. Mark’s cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to or through the Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. St. Mark’s is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained in the Site.
Changes to Privacy Policy. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised appears at the top of the Privacy Policy. You are responsible for ensuring St. Mark’s has a current email address for you and for periodically visiting the Site and the Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Children.The Site is not for children. St. Mark’s does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Site. If St. Mark’s learns that it has collected or received such information, it will delete that information. If you believe we might have information from or about a child under the age of 13, please let us know by contacting us using the information set forth in Section 11.
Contact Information.If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy and St. Mark’s privacy practices, please contact St. Mark’s at:
St. Mark’s United Methodist Church
Attn: Business Administrator
1267 N. Rutherford Blvd.
Murfreesboro, TN 37130
Phone: (615) 893-3455
Email: stmarks@stmarkstn.org
ST. MARK’S UNITED METHODIST
CHURCH
1267 N. Rutherford Blvd. | Murfreesboro, TN 37130
(615) 893 3455
Terms
and Conditions | Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR MAILING LIST
COPYRIGHT 2019 ST. MARK'S UNITED METHODIST CHURCH. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
© Copyright 2020, St. Mark's United Methodist Church, All Rights Reserved.
Top