http://www.weberandrose.com/terms-of-use
Home
About
Legal Services
Attorneys
Blog
Contact
TERMS OF USE Website Terms of UseBy visiting or using the website of Weber Rose, PSC at www.weberrose.com, www.weberandrose.com, and other associated web pages (hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Web Site”) you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (“Terms”).  We recommend that you print and retain a copy of these terms for future reference.   However, please be aware that we reserve the right to and may in fact change the terms at any time.  Any changes to the terms will be located here.  Your continued use of the Web Site constitutes consent to be bound by those future revisions.  Please also review the Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of the Web Site and is incorporated into these terms by reference.   If you do not agree to the Terms, including the Privacy Policy, then you are not permitted to use the Web Site or any of its content, services, images, graphics, products or representations available on or accessible through the Web Site.References and linked to websites, property, or products of third parties is intended for informational use only. Such references are not intended as an endorsement or recommendation and do not represent any affiliation unless expressly stated.NO ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP The information contained on this website is intended for informational purposes only.  Nothing on the Web Site is intended to be legal advice and your use of the Web Site, including inquiries that you send to Weber Rose, PSC via the site, do not create an attorney client relationship, nor are they intended to do so. As a result, you should not act or rely on information disclosed or provided through this Web Site.  An attorney client relationship does not exist between you and Weber Rose, PSC until it has been determined that no conflict of interest exists between you and our current or former clients, and an engagement letter has been accepted and signed.  Do not send, via email or through the contact form on the Web Site, any confidential or privileged information about any legal matter that may involve you until Weber Rose, PSC has decided to represent you. Although Weber Rose, PSC makes reasonable efforts to ensure that information on the Web Site is accurate, it makes no warranties or representations as to the Web Site’s accuracy.  Weber Rose, PSC assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Web Site’s content.  Your use and reliance on the content provided on the Web Site is done at your own risk.  Users of the Web Site are strongly encouraged to seek professional counsel before acting on any information contained on the Web Site.  Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation on Liability Weber Rose, PSC is not liable for any compensatory, direct, special, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages resulting from the use of this Web Site, including any content contained herein, or that results from the viewing or, reliance and/or use of any information, images, representations, services, or any other information contained on or accessible through this Web Site.  Any information and/or content contained on the Web Site is provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. Weber Rose, PSC makes no express or implied warranties of any kind, as to the operation of this Web Site, or its content.  The laws of certain states do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion of certain remedies.  Depending on what laws apply to you, some of the disclaimers set forth above may not apply.  Consent to Jurisdiction, Governing Law Your use of the Web Site represents your consent to personal jurisdiction in Commonwealth of Kentucky.  Likewise, your use consents to venue in the Jefferson Circuit Court, or the Western District of Kentucky.  This provision applies to any proceeding that might arise from your use of this Web Site and its information or content, including these terms.  In addition, the terms will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.  CopyrightsAll original contents of this Web Site, including any images, graphics, and words, are the property of Weber Rose, PSC and, except as specifically stated, all rights are reserved. You do not acquire any ownership rights in materials you download or copy from the Web Site. Some of the Images contained on this website are the exclusive property of Whitney Neil Photography, and may not be copied or distributed for any reason, without permission.  All rights are reserved. TrademarksAny Trademarks appearing on this website, including but not limited to the Weber Rose logo, are the property of Weber Rose, PSC and may not be reproduced without express permission from Weber Rose, PSC. License and Site AccessWeber Rose, PSC grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive license to access, display, copy, download, and print materials on the Web Site for your personal use only, provided that you keep all copyright and other proprietary notices.  You may hyperlink to the Web Site’s homepage, provided that you do not use the Weber Rose, PSC logo or falsely imply a relationship with the firm, or about the firm’s services or products.  Any site that provides a hyperlink to the Web Site must comply with all applicable laws.  This site may not be used by a minor under the age of eighteen without the involvement of a parent or guardian.