https://www.tiftondui.com/privacy-policy/
229.388.1394
- FREE CONSULTATION!
lonk@surfsouth.com
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which TiftonDUI.com collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://tiftondui.com/ website (“Site”).
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. Users’ web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Google Analytics
TiftonDUI.com uses a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
How we use collected information
TiftonDUI.com may collect and use Users’ personal information for the following purposes:
To respond to Users’ inquiries submitted voluntarily via the Contact Form (https://www.tiftondui.com/contact/)
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
TiftonDUI.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. This privacy policy was built with the PrivacyPolicies.com generator.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on May 20, 2018
Privacy Policy
Physical Address:
147 Love Avenue
Tifton, Georgia 31794
Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 2581
Tifton, Georgia 31793
Phone: 229.388.1394 |
Fax: 229.388.1395
Email: lonk@surfsouth.com
Lon Kemeness handles cases throughout South Georgia including, but not limited to:
Cities: Adel, Alapaha, Albany, Ashburn, Cordele, Enigma, Fitzgerald, Lenox, Moultrie, Nashville, Norman Park, Ocilla, Omega, Quitman, Sylvester, Valdosta, Vienna, Warwick, and Willacoochee.
Counties:
Atkinson, Ben Hill, Berrien, Brooks, Clinch, Coffee, Colquitt, Cook, Crisp, Dooly, Dougherty, Houston, Irwin, Jeff Davis, Lanier, Lee, Lowndes, Macon, Miller, Mitchell, Pierce, Pulaski, Sumter, Thomas, Tift, Turner, Ware, Wheeler, Wilcox, and Worth.
© 2013 TiftonDui.com. All rights reserved.
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress