http://www.advsol.com/asi/IMIS20/legal/terms.aspx
Skip to main content
Loading
ASI Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE
Acceptance of Terms -- The websites at www.advsol.com and www.imis.com are owned and operated by Advanced Solutions International, Inc. ("ASI") and are designed to provide users with access to information and materials about ASI and its subsidiaries, including Advanced Solutions International (Asia-Pacific) Pty Ltd, Advanced Solutions International-Canada, Inc., and Advanced Solutions International (Europe) Limited, as well as authorized Solution Providers and other partners.
These materials may include information related to certain products and services ("Products and Services") offered by ASI or its affiliates or Solution Providers as well as text, pictures, logos, images, graphics and other works of authorship ("Content").
Your access to and use of the Website are subject to these terms of use ("Terms of Use"), as well as all applicable laws and regulations.
Your access to and use of the Website constitute your acceptance of and agreement to abide by each of these terms and conditions set forth below, and you further agree to the terms of ASI's Privacy Policy. If you do not accept and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to access or otherwise use the Website or any Content or Products and Services contained on the Website.
These Terms of Use apply to our primary websites (www.advsol.com and www.imis.com), as well as any other websites operated by ASI (individually, each referred to as the "Website"), including:
www.asicanada.com and www.asieurope.com and advsol.com.au [country sites inside advsol.com]
www.ibefcommunity.com [a site for executives of users to develop strategy and guidance for their teams]
www.imiscommunity.com [a site for developers]
www.donman.net.au [our Australian fundraising and small user division]
www.incomemanager.com [our Canadian fundraising and small user division]
www.fiskbrett.co.uk [our Europe fundraising and small user division]
www.progresscrm.eu [a CRM product sold in Europe]
www.cause2give.com [a Fundraising and eCRM product sold in Canada]
www.spacemaster.com [advertising management software]
www.golightly.com [providing online community collaboration tools]
All websites owned and operated by ASI are intended for use only by users who are at least 18 years of age.
ASI reserves the right to change, modify, supplement or update the Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and the Content, Products and Services mentioned in the Website at any time, at its sole discretion, without notice, by posting those changes here and you will be bound by any such changes if you continue to use the Website after such changes are posted.
You should review the Website, the Terms of Use and ASI's Privacy Policy periodically for updates and changes.
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact the ASI Law Department or at the address listed at the end of the Terms of Use.
Limited License and Site Access.
ASI hereby grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the Website, but not to download (other than page caching), reproduce, duplicate, copy or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of ASI.
Permission is given to companies interested in obtaining our Products and Services to download and make a reasonable number of copies of information displayed in our public areas to use internally in order to reach their purchase decisions.
Permission is also given to licensed users of our Products and Services to make a reasonable number of copies of materials from the public or customer areas of the Website, but only for their own internal use and with the exception that they are not permitted to create manuals, guides or other training materials that are functionally similar to those that can be purchased from us or from their Solution Provider.
Any permitted copying, publication or republication must be done without removing or altering any copyright or trademark notice contained in the information or otherwise altering the material quoted or distorting the information quoted or conveying a concept different from what is on the Website.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of the Website or the Content; any derivative use of the Website or the Content; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
Any unauthorized use of text or images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and applicable regulations and statutes.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved, and any unauthorized use terminates the permissions granted.
Copyrights, Trademarks and Ownership
The Website is copyrighted © 2017 by Advanced Solutions International, Inc., 901 North Pitt Street, Alexandria, VA 22314, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
All rights are reserved.
Some parts of the site were also originally copyrighted © 1991 to 2016 by ASI.
iMIS, iMIS 20 Engagement Management System, iMISS 20 EMS, e-Series, C/S, CyberiMIS, iMIS.com, Content Manager, RiSE, SpaceMaster, GoLightly, DonMan, Progress CRM, and Cause2Give are trademarks, logos, servicemarks and designmarks ("Marks") of ASI that are used to identify our products, services or programs, both individually and in combination. Thus, the following are also Marks of ASI: iMIS C/S, iMIS C/S for Sybase ASA, iMIS C/S for Microsoft SQL, iMIS for MSDE, iMIS for SQL Express, iMIS e-Series,Public Views, iMIS.com, and iMIS Fund Raising, . Also, iMIS Xtender, iMIS Fund Raising, iMIS Symmetry, iMIS Expo, iMIS Service Central, iMIS.com iMIS Web Services Central, iMIS Unified, iMIS Client/Server, iMIS e-X where X is the name of a module or option such as e-Events or e-Orders. In addition, where iMIS is used as part of an acronym, the acronym is also a trademark of ASI, such as iBO (iMIS Business Object) and AiSP (Authorized iMIS Solution Provider).
iMIS is a registered trademark.
ASI (or the respective third-party owners of Content) retain all right, title and interest in the Website and any Content, Products and Services, offered on the Website.
Accuracy of Information
The Website may provide certain summary descriptions or other helpful information regarding Products and Services.
While we have attempted to be as accurate as possible at the time information is added to the Website, some information may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Moreover, any such materials are intended to generally describe the Products and Services and are subject in all respects to the specific terms and conditions of the actual product/service agreement to which they refer.
Content and other information contained on the Website has been prepared by ASI as a convenience to its users, and we make no warranty or guarantee about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained in or linked to the Website.
Users relying on this information do so at their own risk.
Always contact us to verify information before relying upon it, even for planning purposes.
Information on the Website may be changed or updated without notice.
We may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described on the Website at any time without notice. Information on demonstration and show sites are deliberately inaccurate because they represent mythical organizations.
The Website may also contain hyperlinks to other sites owned and operated by third parties.
Such hyperlinks are provided only for convenience and as a service to you and we are not responsible for these sites and do not make any representations about the content or accuracy of these sites or the material available.
To the extent that any of the information included in the Website is provided by third party content providers or other Website users, ASI has no editorial control or responsibility over such information.
Any opinions, statements, products, services or other information expressed or made available by third party suppliers or users on the Website are those of such third party suppliers or users, respectively.
Areas of the Website and Acceptable Use
The information in the public areas of the Website is summary information and not technical information and all Products and Services are sold or licensed based only on their technical written specifications as found on docs.imis.com.
All sales or licensing of Products is under the terms of our Usage Agreement or License Agreement for ASI Products and all Services are performed under the terms of our Master Services Agreement.
The information in our customer areas is provided as a service to assist users of our products and to supplement, not supplant, the Solution Provider or our Consulting Department who is your primary source of information. The information on this site is "associated documentation" as defined in the License Agreement and the disclaimers and limitations of liability in your Usage Agreement or Master Services Agreement apply to the information you may obtain from this site.
The information in our Solution Providers areas is provided as a service to our Solution Providers, including our Authorized Resellers and Authorized Consultants. Technical information is provided with the expectation that the Solution Provider is highly skilled in its tasks and should be used with care since each site is unique. Our liability is limited as detailed in the Solution Provider Agreement, Services Agreement or other agreement with the Solution Provider.
The information in our employee areas is part of our Intranet and it is confidential and proprietary and only authorized employees are permitted to access or download it.
We host a number of Forums for End-Users (including Solution Providers) to exchange information and help each other.
Forums, including blogs, wiki's, books, polls, projects and traditional posting forums, are interactive pages where the reader is able to enter information for others to see.
Some are commercial Forums used mainly to advertise products being sold by Solution Providers (our Solution Providers independently resell our products or services as well as their own products and services).
The views expressed in such posts belong solely to their respective authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of ASI.
Goods and services advertised in Forums are not endorsed, reviewed or advocated by us. Investigate them thoroughly and buy and use them at your own risk.
We are not responsible for any messages posted on these Forums or the consequences of following any advice offered with Forum posts.
We are not responsible for the accuracy, truthfulness, content or use of any message posted on a Forum. If a message is posted by an ASI employee that identifies him/her as being an employee (e.g., ASI-Consulting) but does not say "on behalf of ASI", then the message is from the person as an individual and not from ASI as a company and the reference to ASI is for identification purposes only.
All messages that you post are assumed to be in the public domain and can be read, copied and republished by anyone without any restrictions. If this is not true for a particular message, you must state so explicitly in the message. All messages that we post, however, are subject to all of the restrictions of the Website, including copyright and access.
Any information that you post is at your own risk. We do not enforce copyright protection and often posting ideas, program fragments or entire programs may cause you to lose any trade secret protection you had in the ideas, algorithms or coding methods. We can make commercial use of these ideas or code, ourselves, including developing and marketing products or services using such information. If you are selling goods or services, we do not collect for you nor create or enforce any agreements between you and your prospect or customer.
By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data or engaging in any other form of communication through one or more of the Forums, you grant ASI, its successors and assignees, a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to continue to display your contributions to the Website or any successor site.
ASI reserves the right to delete any contribution and/or restrict posting rights in our Forums for any reason whatsoever and to take any other action, as allowed by law, we deem necessary if a user posts contributions to the Forums that are false, misleading, inaccurate or illegal or reflects behavior that ASI considers to be abusive, malicious, harassing or threatening or may otherwise violate the Terms of Use.
Any use or attempted use of this Website for any unlawful, unauthorized, fraudulent or malicious purpose, including any attempt to access systems, data or information not intended by ASI to be made accessible to a user, is prohibited.
Password Accounts, Passwords, and Security
If you have been given the option to open an account on the Website that provides you with access to password-protected areas of the Webstie and you elect to do so, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form, and choose a password and user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify ASI immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware.
ASI is not liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
ALL CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" OR "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND ASI EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND SATISFACTORY QUALITY.
ASI MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED, VIRUS-FREE OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY SUCH PROBLEMS WILL BE CORRECTED.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ASI WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PRODUCTS, USE, DATA, PROFITS OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, EVEN IF ASI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITIES OF THOSE DAMAGES, RELATING TO OR RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR CONTENT.
CERTAIN STATE AND PROVINCIAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms of Use, please contact us at the contact information HERE. We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns promptly after we receive them.
Advanced Solutions International, Inc. is a Texas Corporation (incorporated October 4, 1991) with charter number 1208145-0.
Our Federal Taxpayer ID number is 74-2613824.
ASI has physical offices at the following locations:
Sales Headquarters:
901 N. Pitt Street, Suite 200
Alexandria, VA 22314
Phone: 703.739.3100
Fax: 703.739.3218
Center for Technical Excellence:
Stonelake Building 1
4030 West Braker Lane, Suite 175
Austin, TX 78759
Phone: 512.491.0550
Fax: 512.491.6298
Advanced Solutions International – Canada Inc. ("ASI-Canada") is an Ontario Corporation (incorporated on 20 May 2003) with Business Number 889099701.
Our GST number is 889099701RT0001.
Main Office:
251 Consumers Road, Suite 1404
Toronto, ON
M2J 4R3
Phone: 800.727.8682
Fax: 416.628.2008
Advanced Solutions International (Europe) Limited ("ASI-Europe") is a company registered with Companies House in the United Kingdom with registration number 05042925 (12 February 2004) and with its registered office location, below. Its UK VAT number is 786 6226 87.
ASI-Europe has physical offices at the following location:
Basepoint Shoreham Centre
Little High Street
Shoreham-by-Sea
West Sussex, BN43 5EG
Phone:+44 (0)2032 670067
Fax: +44 (0)203 397 1067
Email: info-eu@advsol.com
Contact Details for Advanced Solutions International (Asia-Pacific) Pty Ltd (ABN 39 060 645 445) ("ASI-Asia Pacific").
It has physical offices at the following locations:
Main Office:
Suite 221, 189 Queen Street
Melbourne, VIC 3000
Phone: +613 9869 7500
Free Phone: 1800 240 122
Fax: +613 9629 5919
Free Fax: 1800 100 949
Registered Office (for legal notices):
Rialto Towers, Level 47
525 Collins Street
MELBOURNE VIC 3000
Last Updated:
February 10, 2017
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##