http://www.firstnations.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Effective September 28, 2020
First Nations Development Institute (First Nations) respects the privacy of its donors and visitors to our website. Our Privacy Policy was adopted to ensure that we honor your wishes.
First Nations reserves the right to modify the terms of our Privacy Policy and will post those changes on our website. Modifications are deemed to be in effect at the time that they are posted. By using our website, you expressly consent to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
General Collection, Use and Protection of Personal Information:
First Nations collects and uses personal information such as: name, address, phone number, and email address when it is voluntarily provided to us. This information may be provided when making a donation, requesting information or registering to download materials. The information you transmit to us on this site is encrypted. The companies we work with to process your online donations also use encryption and security protocols. The information you provide is stored in a secure location, is accessible only by designated employees trained in the proper handling of customer information, and is used only for the stated purpose for which the information was collected.
In addition, First Nations keeps a record of each donor’s giving history. This information is kept on file for IRS purposes and is also used by the organization to analyze overall giving patterns in an effort to make accurate budget projections.
To help us reduce costs of reaching more individuals with information related to our mission, we do sometimes exchange portions of our contributor mailing list with select companies, predominantly other non-profit organizations. Names and addresses are provided on a one-time basis; therefore these organizations will not have continued access to your name and address unless you choose to respond to them directly.  You may request that we not share, sell, or exchange your information for third party fundraising or marketing purposes by following the opt-out procedure below.
Opt-Out and Correction Process
Sharing and Contact options when making an online donation:
To request that your information not be shared with third parties, de-select the option “Share Name/Address”
To request that we not send you periodic emails, de-select the option “Sign up for our Email List”
Sharing and Contact options for Postal Mail
To request that your information not be shared with third parties, request that you be removed from the First Nations mailing list or to correct your contact information
Email your request to: info@firstnations.org
or
mail us at:
First Nations Development Institute
2432 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Longmont, CO 80501
or
Fax your request to 303-774-7841
Please include:
Your full name
Complete Mailing address
Details on how we can help you (correcting information, opting out of sharing your information with third parties, removing you from the postal mailing list, etc.)
Contact options for Email
To request that you be removed from the First Nations Email list.
Email your request to: info@firstnations.org. Please include your name and email address.
You also have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving future email communications from us by following the “unsubscribe” or “remove” instructions contained in emails we send you.
How do we provide a secure environment for on-line transactions?
First Nations Development Institute’s on-line processing system allows you to make secure donations and purchases. We use the latest encryption technology to ensure that no unauthorized persons and/or systems can read your information as it is transmitted. Our on-line credit card verification system is handled by a third party, which collects your name, address, phone number, credit card number and expiration date in order to process your transaction. Their encryption technology offers a secure environment to ensure the confidentiality of your transactions.
Children’s Privacy
Since our website is not designed specifically for children, First Nations does not intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a person under the age of 13, we will automatically delete it.
Additional Information
If you would like further information, please contact us at (303) 774-7836 from 8 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. Mountain Time.
Connect with First Nations:
Contact Us
National Headquarters
First Nations Development Institute
2432 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Longmont, CO 80501
Tel: 303.774.7836									Fax: 303.774.7841 info@firstnations.org
New Mexico Field Office
First Nations Development Institute
4263 Montgomery Boulevard NE, Suite I-230
Albuquerque, NM 87109
Tel: 505.312.8641									Fax: 303.774.7841 info@firstnations.org
Donate
© 2020 First Nations Development Institute. All Rights Reserved.
Nonprofit Web Design by NMC|Privacy Policy
Gateway Popup
Double your impact!
Make your gift go twice as far for Native youth!
Donate here!