http://www.lawtech.com.au/privacy-cookies/
We recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit ~lawtech.com.au, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Connected sites. Certain back-end database processing, for example the storage & delivery of price lists and order forms, interest rate tables and order details may be handled by connected sites including cfm.lawtech.com,  ~lawtech.net.au and 74.127.3.105 and the privacy policy includes them as well.
Log Files. As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as Telstra or Optus), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Google Chrome, Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Calin Software. As part of the software licensing protocol we store details of users of the software which includes the licence number, time stamp and a number corresponding to the user’s Windows operating system (eg ‘7’ = Windows 7) which is used for software updating and debugging.
Cookies and Web Beacons. We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site or a connected site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We reserve the right to also use third party advertisements on ~lawtech.com.au from time to time to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes (showing Sydney real estate ads to someone in Sydney, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing Porsche ads to someone who frequents luxury car dealership sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies. We also reserve the right to use DART cookies from time to time for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Gold Coast, you may see Gold Coast hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about books). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. To our knowledge it does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, tax file numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
Opting out. You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
MAIL Lawtech (Aust.) Pty Ltd
PO Box 2250
New Farm
Qld
4005
Australia
Email
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Phone
Qld 07 31 247 147
Nsw 02 89 167 407
Vic 03 83 999 407
All Fax 07 3102 9272
Scroll to top