https://www.springsyoga.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to main contentWelcome to SpringsYoga.com. Springs Yoga Studio® and its affiliates provide their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit SpringsYoga.com, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to SpringsYoga.com, to understand our practices.
Electronic Communications
When you visit SpringsYoga.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Springs Yoga Studio or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Springs Yoga Studio and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Springs Yoga Studio or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
The names Springs Yoga Studio, SpringsYoga, SpringsYoga.com, and all associated graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, registered trademarks or trade dress of Springs Yoga Studio. Springs Yoga Studio’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Springs Yoga Studio’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Springs Yoga Studio. All other trademarks not owned by Springs Yoga Studio or its affiliates that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with or connected to Springs Yoga Studio or its affiliates.
License and Site Access
Springs Yoga Studio grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Springs Yoga Studio. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Springs Yoga Studio. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Springs Yoga Studio and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Springs Yoga Studio’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of Springs Yoga Studio. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Springs Yoga Studio.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page and other pages of Springs Yoga Studio so long as the link does not portray Springs Yoga Studio, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Springs Yoga Studio logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Comments, Reviews, Ratings
You are welcome to post, transmit or submit messages and other materials (which include uploading files, inputting data or any other materials or engaging in any form of communication in connection with this Site) (collectively “Messages”) to comments, reviews, chat rooms or other public areas within, or in connection with, this Site (collectively “Forums”). However, Springs Yoga Studio accepts no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from such Messages.
Springs Yoga Studio does not endorse and has no control over the content of Messages submitted by others to Forums. Messages submitted to Forums are not necessarily reviewed by Springs Yoga Studio prior to posting and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of Springs Yoga Studio. Springs Yoga Studio makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content of the Messages in the Forums or the accuracy and reliability of any Messages and other materials in the Forums. Nonetheless, Springs Yoga Studio reserves the right to prevent you from submitting Materials to Forums and to edit, restrict or remove such Messages for any reason at any time.
Springs Yoga Studio assumes no responsibility for actively monitoring Forums for inappropriate Messages. If at any time Springs Yoga Studio chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Forums, Springs Yoga Studio nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the content of the Messages, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Messages, and no responsibility for the conduct of the user submitting any Message. In submitting Messages to Forums, you agree to strictly limit yourself to discussions about the subject matter for which the Forums are intended. You agree that Springs Yoga Studio accepts no liability whatsoever if it determines to prevent your Messages from being submitted or if it edits, restricts or removes your Messages. You also agree to permit any other user of this Site to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that other user’s personal use and not to restrict or inhibit the use of the Site by any other person.
You agree that you will not submit Messages to Forums that would fall into one or more of the following categories:
Messages that are unlawful, threatening, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent including any communication that constitutes (or encourages conduct that would constitute) a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any local, state, national or international law.
Messages that violate the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any other person. By submitting Messages to Forums, you represent to Springs Yoga Studio that you are the rightful owner of such material or that you have first obtained permission to submit the material from the rightful owner.
Messages that improperly assume or claim the identity, characteristics or qualifications of another person.
Messages that are for purposes of spamming.
Messages that contain any virus or other harmful component.
Messages that are libelous, or constitute an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or any other third party rights.
Messages that are for commercial purposes or contain advertising or are intended to solicit a person to buy or sell services or to make donations.
You agree that any Message whatsoever submitted by you becomes the sole and exclusive property of Springs Yoga Studio and may be used, copied, sublicensed, adapted, transmitted, distributed, publicly performed, published, displayed or deleted as Springs Yoga Studio sees fit.
You agree to release and forever hold harmless Springs Yoga Studio, its parents and affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, officers, directors and shareholders, from any and all liability and obligations whatsoever in connection with or arising from your use of Forums.
If at any time you are not happy with the Forums or object to any material within Forums, your sole and exclusive remedy is to cease using them.
Other Businesses
Springs Yoga Studio provides links to the websites of affiliated companies, sponsors, and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. Springs Yoga Studio does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review the individual privacy statements and other terms of service of any website you visit.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY SPRINGS YOGA STUDIO ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. SPRINGS YOGA STUDIO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, SPRINGS YOGA STUDIO DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SPRINGS YOGA STUDIO DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM SPRINGS YOGA STUDIO ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. SPRINGS YOGA STUDIO WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Applicable Law
By visiting SpringsYoga.com, you agree that the laws of the state of Georgia, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Service and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Springs Yoga Studio or its affiliates.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to SpringsYoga.com or to products you purchase through SpringsYoga.com shall be submitted to the state or federal courts of Atlanta, Georgia, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Site Policies, Modification, Severability
Please review our other policies, including our Privacy Policy, as posted on this site. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Terms of Service at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms of Service, please Contact Us.
X
We have In Studio and streaming classes available!
If streaming please download and install the Zoom Cloud Meeting app and make an account, it's free. Register for the class by clicking on the schedule button below at least 30 minutes before class time.
You will receive a link under "Join Meeting" via email 15 minutes
before the class starts.
In Studio is limited to 18 students per class and you must pre-register.
Call or text David @ 404.932.2043 if you have troubles.
Schedule