http://www.alkadershriners.org/privacy/
AL KADER SHRINERS ELECTRONIC AND ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
Updated January 30, 2019
Your privacy is important to us at Al Kader Shriners.
We wish to explain our Shrine
Temple’s electronic and online information practices and the choices you can make about
how your information is used in connection with our website
(www.alkadershriners.org) and
other electronic or online communications with the firm. The following privacy policy
does not address information collected through other means, such as transmittals through
attendance at our events or other personal contacts which you might make with a
representative of Al Kader Shriners.
In accessing our website or otherwise communicating with our Shrine Temple via electronic
or other online means, please know that you are deemed to have consented to the
collection, processing, use, and transfer of your Personal Identification Information
("PII"), which includes but is not limited to your name, company name, email address,
telephone number or any other related contact information, in accordance with this
Privacy Policy and applicable laws. By doing so, you agree that the laws of the State of
Oregon, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, will govern all matters
between you and our Shrine Temple concerning your use of this website and all other
electronic and other online communications with the firm.
All PII which you transmit electronically to Al Kader Shriners is treated with care. Our
Shrine Temple employs appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access to
your PII against its loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration.
However, Al Kader Shriners cannot guarantee the security of your PPI because data
transmissions via the Internet are susceptible to interference. Al Kader Shriners is not
liable for disclosures of your PII due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts
of third parties.
Al Kader Shriners is not obligated to monitor this website or its use, or to retain the
content of any user session. Al Kader Shriners does not share, rent or sell your PII
outside our Shrine Temple. However, Al Kader Shriners reserves the right at all times to
monitor, review, retain, and/or disclose any PII as necessary to satisfy applicable laws,
regulations, legal process, or formal governmental requests, and to cooperate with law
enforcement and other authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity. PII may
also be shared with Al Kader Shriners’ external service providers who may from time to
time perform certain services on our Shrine Temple’s behalf to improve our efficiency;
these providers agree to use the transferred PII only as needed to perform their services
and they are subject to nondisclosure agreements. Al Kader Shriners may use Internet
Service Provider ("ISP") addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to
protect our service, website, visitors, users, or others.
The Al Kader Shriners’ website is hosted on web servers located in the United States. If
you are located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction, your provision of PII or other access to the
Al Kader Shriners' website constitutes your transfer of such data to the United States, a
jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in
your home country.
You do not disclose any PII when you visit the Al Kaders’ website. We collect only
anonymous, non-PII data when you visit our website, such as the type of browser you use
and the domain name of your ISP. We use this anonymous, non-PII data strictly to analyze
site usage and thereby evaluate how to improve our website's design and content. Any such
data is shared, if appropriate, only within the firm's offices for our internal use.
Copies of Al Kader’s periodic electronic newsletter, the "Oasis,"" are archived with this
website. If you receive an electronic copy of the Oasis, or other periodic email
notifications, or other electronic materials, you also will be provided with a link to
opt out or unsubscribe from further transmittals. If you continue to receive unwanted
electronic newsletters or similar unwanted notifications from Al Kader Shriners, please
contact Al Kader Shrine Center at 503-682-4420 or email support@alkadershriners.org.
The Al Kader Shriners’ website, its periodic electronic newsletters and email
notifications, and all other electronic materials, are not directed to children under 13
years of age. Any person under 18 years of age should consult with their parent or legal
guardian regarding use of the Al Kader Shriners’ website, its periodic electronic
newsletters, email notifications, and all other electronic materials.
Any PII which you provide to us is used strictly to respond to your inquiry. However, we
cannot guarantee the privacy of such information which you transmit to us and it cannot
be protected from disclosure.
To the extent that copies of our Shrine Temple’s electronic newsletter, email
notifications, or other electronic materials are archived in our website, the website
contains occasional informational posts about programs and events that are sponsored or
co-sponsored by other organizations, including links to other websites whose information
practices may be different than others. You should consult those other websites' privacy
notices because we have no control over information that is either submitted to, or
collected by, the administrators of those websites.
Please know that the Al Kader Shriners’ website uses cookies. Generally speaking, a
cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the browser on
your computer's hard drive so that the website can remember your electronic identity for
future access. Al Kader Shriners uses cookies to enable the personalization features of
our website, and to let us compile anonymous statistical information that allows us to
understand how you use our website in order that we may improve the website's structure.
We cannot obtain any PII about you through the use of cookies. You have the ability to
accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. Please note, though,
that you might be unable to access every feature in our website if cookies are disabled.
Al Kader Shriners appreciates the trust that you give us when transmitting your PII to us.
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and invite your feedback on how we can
improve the quality of our service to you. Al Kader Shriners will maintain your PII as
long as reasonably needed to achieve the purpose for which we possess it, or to the
extent that we need to protect its rights, or as required by applicable law.
If you have any questions or concerns about Al Kader Shriners’ electronic and online
privacy policy or its implementation, or if you decide that Al Kader Shriners should no
longer hold any of your PII, kindly contact Al Kader Shrine Center at 503-682-4420 or
email support@alkadershriners.org.
Al Kader Shriners reserves the right to revise this privacy policy, or any part of it,
from time to time. Please review this policy periodically for any changes or updates.
Thank you very much.