http://www.staasandhalsey.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us Now
Submit
Call Us 202-434-1500
Menu
Print Page
Privacy PolicyWhen you visit the Firm web site at www.staasandhalsey.com, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you specifically provide it to us. Except as required by law or expressly authorized by you, we will not provide any personally identifiable information regarding you to any third parties. Any personally identifiable information that you submit to us will be used solely for the purpose of responding to inquiries or requests made by you.
Your visit to our web site might be tracked through a standard web traffic statistics program, which might keep records of traffic on the web site as well as numerical counts of visitors by domain, URL, search engine, keywords used, and other standard web measurements.  Our web site may use cookies to help recognize that a device has visited our web site previously.  We use cookies to improve your experience when you visit our web site. A "cookie" is a small data file that is downloaded to a device when the user accesses certain web sites.
By using the Firm web site, you consent to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time without advance notice. Should a new policy go into effect, we will post the new policy on this web site, and the new policy will apply thereafter.
Recent Posts
Honoring Ruth Bader Ginsburg: An Intellectual Property Rights Champion
U.S. Supreme Court Year in Review
American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc. v. Neapco Holdings LLC
View All
STAAS & HALSEY LLP
1201 New York Avenue, N.W.
7th Floor Washington, D.C. 20005
T. 202.434.1500 | F. 202.434.1501
View on Google Maps
Back to Top
Privacy Notification
This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. If you continue browsing the site, you are giving implied consent to the use of cookies and tracking on this website. See our Privacy Policy for details.
Accept