http://www.crimeZZZ.net/serialkiller_about/legal.php
legal stuff
imprint
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
1. Online-contents
Elisabeth Wetsch (following eWE) reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. All offers are not-binding and without obligation. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by eWE without separate announcement.
2. Referrals and links
eWE is not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from his pages - unless it has full knowlegde of illegal contents and would be able to prevent the visitors of his site from viewing those pages. If any damage occurs by the use of information presented there, only the author of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who has linked to these pages. Furthermore eWE is not liable for any postings or messages published by users of discussion boards, guestbooks or mailinglists provided on his page.
3. Other sites linking to crimeZZZ.net, serialkiller.cc, serienkiller.cc, serial-killer.org, victimZZZ.net
eWE reserves the right to force the refusal of links from other sites to above mentionen domains, if those sites support questionable, illegal, criminal, racistic, pornographic, contempting for humanity or discriminating content.
4. Copyright
eWE intended not to use any copyrighted material for the publication or, if not possible, to indicate the copyright of the respective object. The copyright for any material created by eWE is reserved. Any duplication or use of such diagrams, sounds or texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the eWE agreement.
4. Legal force of this disclaimer
This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If sections or individual formulations of this text are not legal or correct, the content or validity of the other parts remain uninfluenced by this fact.
PRIVACY POLICY
eWE respects and is committed to protecting your privacy. That is why eWE has adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. eWE promises that she will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. The following policies are only in effect for the Web pages, newsletters, discussion lists and opt-in announcement lists owned and operated by eWE - including all sites run by eWE. The following discloses her Privacy Policy.
1. What information does eWE collect and how?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers, that serve as that computer's "Internet Protocol" IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the eWE Network, her Web servers automatically recognize that visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. eWE uses this information to examine the traffic in aggregate, but does not collect and evaluate this information for individuals. eWE´s Web servers do not record e-mail addresses of the visitors.
2. What are cookies?
From time to time eWE or her advertisers may send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. eWE uses cookies to identify which areas of eWE´s Network of Web sites you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. Advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. eWE and her advertisers may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on eWE´s Sites.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at my sites and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
3. What other information does eWE request?
I may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to e-mail newsletters, announcement lists or information about seminars). Whenever I request the identity of a visitor, I will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested. I maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy, that means that I do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent.
In addition, eWE will not send you email that you have not agreed to receive. I may from time to time send e-mail announcing new eWE products and services.
When you sign up for an eWE forum, your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums. This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum, nor is it used to identify you outside the eWE Network in any way.
When you enter a contest or other promotion, I may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so I can administer the contest and notify winners.
4. What information does 3Q collect when you purchase something?
If you are purchasing something from a eWE media property, eWE needs to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows eWE to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. This information may also be used by me to notify you of related product and services, but will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose.
Certain eWE media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encrypted servers. SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server, rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information. Other eWE media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information.
Wherever eWE collects personal information eWE makes an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
5. Will eWE disclose the information collected to outside third parties?
eWE will disclose personal information only when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on eWE,
Protect and defend the rights or property of the eWE network of sites, or visitors to eWE sites,
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties,
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.
eWE uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to eWE secure. eWE reserves the right to transfer information in connection with the sale of all or part of eWE capital stock or assets. Furthermore, eWE is not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties which receive the information. eWE also links to a wide variety of other sites and contains advertisements of third parties. eWE is not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users
6. Opt-in announcement List Privacy Policy
As an added benefit to the visitors of eWE sites, eWE runs a maillist-server, that sends e-mail announcements to individuals who request to receive them. When you sign up for a eWE e-mail newsletter, you are given the opportunity to also receive announcement lists from other eWE-lists. Whether you want to receive these announcement lists is your choice; you should only receive those lists you affirmatively choose to. Personally identifiable information will not be used by eWE for any purposes other than to deliver the newsletters. You may stop the arrival of these announcement lists at any time by removing your e-mail address from the list by following the instructions on the e-mails you receive.
7. What else should you know about your privacy when online?
The network of Web sites contains many links to other Web sites.eWE is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. eWE does not share any of the individual personal information you provide eWE with the sites to which eWE links, although eWE may share aggregate data with such Web sites (such as how many people use eWE Sites).
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
8. Your Consent to this Agreement
By using my Web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by eWE as specified above. If eWE decides to change the privacy policy, eWE will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information eWE collects, how she uses it, and under what circumstances she discloses it.
crimeZZZ.net and victimZZZ.net are private and non-profit projects of
Elisabeth WETSCH
A U S T R I A
Contact by eMail
Copyright 1995-2005 by Elisabeth Wetsch