https://www.co.st-clair.il.us/privacy
Facebook
(618) 277-6600
About St. Clair County
ADA Information
Events
County Code
Phone Directory
Careers
FOIA
St. Clair County Illinois is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the St. Clair County Illinois site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the St. Clair County Illinois site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
St. Clair County Illinois collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. St. Clair County Illinois also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by St. Clair County Illinois. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by St. Clair County Illinois for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the St. Clair County Illinois site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through St. Clair County Illinois public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: St. Clair County Illinois
does not read any of your private online communications.
St. Clair County Illinois encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from St. Clair County Illinois so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. St. Clair County Illinois is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the St. Clair County Illinois
and St. Clair County Illinois family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
St. Clair County Illinois collects and uses your personal information to operate the St. Clair County Illinois
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. St. Clair County Illinois also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from St. Clair County Illinois and its affiliates. St. Clair County Illinois may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
St. Clair County Illinois does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
St. Clair County Illinois may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, St. Clair County Illinois
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to St. Clair County Illinois, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
St. Clair County Illinois does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
St. Clair County Illinois keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
St. Clair County Illinois, in order to determine what St. Clair County Illinois services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within St. Clair County Illinois to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
St. Clair County Illinois Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on St. Clair County Illinois or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of St. Clair County Illinois; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of St. Clair County Illinois, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The St. Clair County Illinois Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize St. Clair County Illinois pages, or
register with St. Clair County Illinois site or services, a cookie helps St. Clair County Illinois
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same St. Clair County Illinois Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the St. Clair County Illinois
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the St. Clair County Illinois services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
St. Clair County Illinois secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. St. Clair County Illinois secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
St. Clair County Illinois will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. St. Clair County Illinois encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how St. Clair County Illinois is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
St. Clair County Illinois welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that St. Clair County Illinois has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact St. Clair County Illinois at webmaster@co.st-clair.il.us.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
I Want To...
Adopt a Pet
Get A Copy of My Deed
Pay A Ticket or Court Payment
Find A Meeting
Get Help With My Bills
Pay Real Estate Taxes
Find My Board Member
Get Married
Protest My Tax Assessment
Find Out About Jury Duty
Get Vaccinated
Register to Vote
Get A Building Permit
Get a Birth, Death or Marriage Certificate
Start A Business
County Office Address
#10 Public Square
Belleville, IL 62220
Contact Info
(618) 277-6600
webmaster@co.st-clair.il.us