http://www.fun4birthdays.com/privacy.html
Fun4Birthdays.com
Copyright © 2000-2018, Answers 2000 Limited
Unauthorized reproduction is strictly prohibited.
Home
Famous Birthdays
Fun Facts
Greetings
Horoscopes
Jokes
Year of Birth
For information about your rights, please see www.ans2000.com/datacollection.php
The Privacy Statement further down on this specific webpage, describes data collected on specific website/domain.
Please note: our company operates number of websites so you may find the following resources helpful:
For information about our company's data collection and data retention policies (across all websites),
our relationships with various third parties, and your rights, please see www.ans2000.com/datacollection.php
We participate in Google's Adsense programme and use a number of Google services. You can find information about Google's
data collection policies at https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/
On those of our websites where we sell products, ClickBank.com acts as our retailer and consequently some data may be shared
from and with them - for information about this please see www.ans2000.com/cbdatacollection.php
Privacy Statement for
Fun4Birthdays.com
Fun4Birthdays.com
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
Fun4Birthdays.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information
such as visitor numbers and interests.
Your IP address may also be visible to our advertisers, and third party visitor counter, bookmarking, and social-networking services that we may use (such as Statcounter.com and Facebook.com).
Advertisers
We use outside ad companies to display banner, text and other ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
Cookies received with banner or other ads are
collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information.
You should also be aware that
some advertisers may utilise technology
such as cookies and web beacons (including in their ads on this site),
which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through
the Google AdSense program) information including your IP
address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and
in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. These types
of technology are
generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real
estate ads to a person in New York, for example) or selecting
which ads to show based on specific sites previously visited (such as showing
cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking and recipe sites).
We use third party visitor counter services (for example Statcounter.com) to help operate, manage and monitor this site.
We also may use third party bookmarking and social-networking services (for example Facebook.com) to help promote this site, and to allow users to tell others about the site.
These services may display adverts on this site (typically a button, graphic, or text link, although this may vary). Just like other advertisers, such services may utilise technology such as cookies and web beacons, and may have access to information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies
or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing
preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security;
however, this can affect how you are able to interact with our
site as well as other websites. This could include the inability
to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or
accounts.
In general, regarding cookies with advertisements, you should be aware of the following key points:
As described above, adverts from third party advertisers (including banners, buttons, text links, and visitor counters, etc.) may appear on this site
As described above, adverts from third party advertisers (including Google on many of our sites), may use cookies to serve their adverts
As described above, cookies from third party advertisers allow them to serve adverts based on visits to both our companies' sites and on visits to other sites on the Internet (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking and recipe sites)
As described above, our company does not have access to the information in any cookies used by third party advertisers
As described above, cookies may be able to be disabled using browser settings and/or security software, but doing so may affect your use of this site and may prevent you from using certain features of this and other sites
To learn more about Google's privacy policies, use of cookies and your options in relation to opting-out or not having this information used, please see http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Additionally, Google have also asked us to make you aware of the following points:
Google uses the DoubleClick cookie to enable it and its partners to serve ads based on visits to our company's sites and/or other
sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the
ads preference manager. Alternatively,
you can opt out of a third party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting
http://www.aboutads.info/
You may also find it helpful to know that Google have created a webpage where they describe what cookies are, and how they use cookies in Google's services, at https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/.
We do not currently use cookies or web beacons for any other function on this web site.
Facebook and Social Media Comments
Some pages of this web site incorporate Social Media comment boxes
(for posting comments and other information about this site on social media sites such as Facebook).
These comments an comment forms appear as integral part of our web pages, however we have no direct
control over them, their operation, or their content.
We do not review or endorse the comments by users, and generally speaking, we are not even aware of the
comments posted by users.
We are not responsible for comments posted by users, and we do not control the dissemination or
publishing of such comments
Users should be aware that any such comments may be stored or archived by the corresponding
social media services (such as Facebook), and may be broadly or generally
visible to Internet users.
Users comments must comply with all applicable laws, and users are advised not to post information in
comments that they do not wish to make public.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally
identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal
information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
Fun4Birthdays.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
webmaster@ans2000.com
Contact Us
About/Terms of Use
Privacy
Advertising/Endorsements Disclosures
†Disclosure:
Advertising Link(s): Our company may receive a payment if you purchase a product/service after following
this link.
Disclosure:
Our company's websites' content (including this website's content) includes advertisements for
our own company's websites, products, and services,
and for other organization's websites, products, and services.
In the case of links to other organization's websites,
our company may receive a payment, (1) if you purchase products or services,
or (2) if you sign-up for third party offers, after following links from this website.
Unless specifically otherwise stated, information about other organization's products and services,
is based on information provided by that organization,
the product/service vendor, and/or publicly available information - and should
not be taken to mean that we have used the product/service in question.
Additionally, our company's websites contain some adverts which we are paid
to display, but whose content is not selected by us, such as Google AdSense ads. For more
detailed information, please see Advertising/Endorsements Disclosures
Our sites use cookies, some of which may already be set on your computer. Use of our site
constitutes consent for this. For details, please see Privacy.
Click privacy for information about our company's privacy, data collection and data retention policies, and your rights.
Copyright © 2000-2020, Answers 2000 Limited
CERTAIN CONTENT THAT APPEARS ON THIS SITE COMES FROM AMAZON SERVICES LLC. THIS CONTENT IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR REMOVAL AT ANY TIME.
In Association With Amazon.com
Answers 2000 Limited is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
In Association With Amazon.co.uk
Answers 2000 Limited is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk.
As an Amazon Associate, our company earns from qualifying purchases. Amazon, the Amazon logo, Endless, and the Endless logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.