http://www.leonardoacademy.org/privacy.html
| Contact | Client Login | Sitemap |
About
Mission
History
LEED History
Inspiration Sources
Leonardo Academy’s Name
Sustainability Programs
Overview of Programs
Sustainable Agriculture
LEED / Green Buildings
EB Economics Survey
Participate
Fire Suppression Program
Overview
Fire Suppression Survey
Forward the Fire Survey
Emissions
Emissions Footprints
Emissions Offsets
Enterprise / Sustainability
Sustainability Survey
Calculators
Land Management
Native Vegetation Credits
Education
Interns - Fellows
Program Projects
Outreach
Staff
Green Jobs
World Green
Cleaner and Greener
President's Circle Donors
Friends of LEO
Governance
Standards
Training
Sustainability Services
Overview of Services
LEED-Green Buildings
LEED® for EB
LEED® for NC
LEED® for Portfolios
LEED Case Studies
Sustainable Buildings
Contact Us
LEED Recertification
LEED Administration Services
Enterprise
Walmart Supplier Services
Emissions
Events Emissions
Single Building Emissions
Organizational Emissions
Offsets Overview
Sustainable Transportation
Products
Services
SmartWay Strategies
Incentives
Calculators
References
Case Studies
Land Management
Native Vegetation Credits
Standards
Agriculture
Sustainable Agriculture
Development
Documents
Participate
News
Ag Standard Videos
LEO 4000 Pilot
Emissions
About
Participate
News
Gaming
Development
Participate
News
Life-Cycle
Participate
News
Documents
Sustainable Organizations
Training
Projects
Transportation Case Studies
LEED Case Studies
News & Resources
Event Calendar
Press Release
In The News
Publications & Tools
Newsletters
E-Updates
Reports
Service Brochures
Mercury Calculator
Case Studies
Donate
Donation Program Areas
Donate Goods & Services
President's Circle
Blog
Share on facebook
Leonardo Academy Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information. Why did you receive a mailing from us? Our email marketing is permission based. If you received a mailing from us, our records indicate that (a) you have expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings. If you believe you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
for review. How can you stop receiving email from us? Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply click on the Remove Me link at the bottom of any email. How we protect your privacy We use appropriate security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system. Sharing and Usage We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone for their promotional use without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information, and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you. Use of Web Beacons When we send you emails, we may include a web beacon to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we may record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you. Web beacons collect only limited information, such as a cookie identifier, time and date of a page being viewed, and a description of the page on which the Web Beacon resides (the URL). Web Beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to receive Web Beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text only) emails via your email software.   Privacy Policy Changes This policy was created on January 2009.   About Leonardo AcademyLeonardo Academy is a charitable (501c3) nonprofit organization founded in 1997 and committed to advancing sustainability. The mission of Leonardo Academy is to provide measures and recognition of efforts that put the competitive marketplace to work on improving the environment. To achieve this mission, Leonardo Academy creates and manages its own programs and supports the delivery of programs by other organizations.
©
2013 Leonardo Academy Inc. | PO
Box 5425, Madison, Wisconsin 53705-0425 | info@leonardoacademy.org | 608-280-0255 | Web Design | Privacy Policy