https://www.sermons-2-go.co.uk/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Sermons 2 go
sermons resource centre
Home
About
Sermons
All Saints
Advent
Ascension
Baptism of Christ
Christmas
Christ the king
Presentation of Christ in the Temple
Easter
Epiphany
Holy Week
Lent
Mothering Sunday
Palm Sunday
Pentecost
Saints Feast Days
Trinity
Other
Illustrations
beginings
Bible-text
Old Testament
New Testament
Sketches
Restrictions for use
Sketches for services
Mothering Sunday Service
Terms and Conditions
22nd December 2019
Off
By
Derek
Last updated: 22nd December 2019
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://www.sermons-2-go.co.uk website (the “Service”) operated by Sermons 2 go (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Sermons 2 go.
Sermons 2 go has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Sermons 2 go shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Related
Search for:
Recent posts
Christmas – Midnight Mass – Sermon 327
23rd December 2019
Off
Christmas – Midnight Mass – Sermon 326
23rd December 2019
Off
2nd Sunday of Advent – Sermon 325
23rd December 2019
Off
2nd Sunday of Advent – Sermon 324
23rd December 2019
Off
TagsAdvent (9)
Christian Faith (7)
Conclusion So (8)
Egypt (15)
Evening Prayer (6)
Evening Prayer BCP (6)
Evening Prayer CW (8)
Following Jesus (3)
God God (3)
God Jesus (9)
God Point (3)
God Prayer (3)
Gospel Jesus (3)
His Father (4)
His Glory (3)
His Kingdom (6)
His Son (9)
His Spirit (7)
Holy City (3)
Holy Communion (31)
Holy Communion CW (6)
Holy One (3)
Holy Spirit (57)
Iona Evening Prayer (4)
Iona Service (4)
Israel (57)
Jesus Christ (55)
Jewish Law (4)
Jordan (5)
Lent (5)
Lord God (6)
Lord Jesus Christ (9)
Morning prayer (5)
New Testament (5)
NT (39)
OK (5)
Old Testament (4)
OT (35)
Palm Sunday (4)
Rome (6)
So God (3)
So Jesus (6)
Son Jesus Christ (5)
Trinity (18)
TV (5)
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT REJECTPrivacy & Cookies Consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.