http://www.infolaw.co.uk/ifl/privacy.asp
Guest | Terms of use | Privacy
internet for lawyers
Home
Lawfinder
Newsletter
CPD
Store
Partners
Binary Law
Privacy policy
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We also collect information when you voluntarily provide feedback. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
We will use this information to provide the services requested, maintain your subscription records and, if you agree, to send you marketing information. We will not share your information for marketing purposes with other companies.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please unsubscribe from a relevant mailing or contact us.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us. There is no charge for this service. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit AboutCookies.org from Pinsent Mason. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and remove cookies from your browser. However, our subscription services may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 16/03/2018.
Contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you.
Company
About infolaw
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal information services
Contact infolaw
About |
Terms |
Privacy |
Contact
infolaw Limited 5 Coval Passage London SW14 7RE Registered in England number 2602204 VAT number GB 602861753