http://www.lottalivin.com/home/about/privacy/
Home
About
Mission Statement
Link to Lotta Living
Site Usage and Privacy Policy
Contact
ModCom Tribute (LINKS OFFSITE)
What is Mid-Mod?
Definition of MCM Modernism
MidMod Glossary of Terms
Docomomo Criteria
National Trust Criteria
MODERNISM by Alan Hess
Why Preservation?
Old and Antique Cars
Household Goods
Arts and Antiques
Damaged Property
Historic Architecture
Historic Restortion Tips
Modern Home Restoration Home Improvement Basics
Modern Home Restoration Entryway
Modern Home Restoration Windows and Doors
Modern Home Restoration Landscape
Past Events
Knott’s Tour Tribute
Park History
Suggested Itinerary
Ghost Town
Calico Square
Marketplace
Independence Hall
Other Entertainment
Forgotten Attractions
Vintage 1955 Map
An Inspiration
San Fernando Valley Tour
What is a Valley Tour
Epilogue
Order the Valley Tour Book
Lotta Livin TV Show Home
More Info
Format and Segments
Hostess
Show Creator
Press and Publicity
On the Town Radio Show
Alan Leib
Book of Tiki Sven A. Kirsten
Charles Phoenix
Chris Nichols
Dion Neutra and the Neutra Studio
Eric Lynxweiller
Grandma Prisby’s Bottle Village
Great Autos of Yesteryear Car Club
Josh Agle AKA… SHAG
LAC Modern Committee
Last Minute Modern Romance
Madly Cocktail
Matt Roth, AAA Archivist
Maxwell DeMille
Old Town Music Hall
Petersen Automotive Museum
Retro Glide
Rudolph Schindler’s Work
Society of Architectural Historians
Surfing Safari
the Googieman
Villa Capri and Patsy’s Pizza
Old News
Feeds test
Facebook Feeds
Blogs to Follow
Live MCM
Shop
Shop
Recommended Reading List
Find Fun Stuff for Your Life!
Welcome
About
Mission
Link 2 LL
Site Usage
Contact
ModCom (LINKS OFFSITE)
Home > Welcome to Lotta Livin’ (aka Lotta Living) > About Lotta Livin’ > Site Usage and Privacy PolicySite Usage Agreement and Privacy Policy
Site Usage Agreement and Privacy Policy
By using this site and/or downloading any material, you agree to be bound by this Agreement.
This agreement applies to you, and if you are using this web site on your employer’s behalf, to you and your employer. Lotta Living reserves the right to change this Agreement from time to time at its sole discretion, and your use of the site will be subject to the most current version posted on the site at the time of your use. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement, do not accept this Agreement and do not use this site or download or use any Images.
Permitted Use of this Site
This site is owned and operated by Lotta Living. All Images and related informational materials in any medium furnished by Lotta Living hereunder, including related text, captions, or information (collectively referred to as “Images”) are owned by Lotta Living and/or our image and text contributor. “Images” include without limitation all digital images and any related textual information (including captions and credits). Images may include visibly or electronically watermarked and reduced resolution Images.
Photos with citations are reproduced under the fair use guidelines of US copyright law and may be otherwise copyrighted material. Images, logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. http://www4.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.html
All Images are protected by US and international copyright laws. Lotta Living allows you to search for, view, and use Images only as permitted below. You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Images, caption information, or any other material on this site.
Unauthorized use of these Images constitutes copyright infringement and shall entitle Lotta Living to exercise all rights and remedies under applicable copyright law, including an injunction preventing further use and monetary damages against all users and beneficiaries of the use of such Images. The foregoing is not a limiting statement of Lotta Living rights or remedies in connection with any unauthorized use.
What does this mean to you?
Your ability to access an Image does not in itself entitle you to use that Image. Please do not copy text or Images for any reason OTHER than for your own personal enjoyment or for further promotion of Lotta Living. If you wish to use text or Images for commercial purposes, and that even includes selling things on eBay, please check with the image owner or writer first!
You are solely responsible for determining whether your use of any Image requires the consent of any third party or the license of any additional rights, and you should not rely solely on the information provided by Lotta Living. If you are unsure whether additional third-party rights are needed for your use, you are responsible for consulting with competent rights management professionals or legal counsel.
Errors and Omissions
Lotta Living makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any information provided with the Images. Despite our efforts to provide accurate information, this site may contain technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Additionally, this site and any Images may include historically and culturally important Images and text that may contain subjects that reflect the social attitudes and circumstances of a particular time or location. You should be aware that your search may display results containing content that may seem inappropriate to its context, or text that could be potentially offensive.
If you find an image on our site that has not been properly credited and you know of the proper credit, please advise us right away and we will amend the information or remove the image. You may also use the comment form below individual images in the Gallery to rectify inaccuracies and credits.
Links
As a convenience, our site may link to other sites that may be of interest to you but are not under Lotta Living’s control. These links do not imply endorsement by Lotta Living and we are not responsible for the availability of or the content contained in any linked site.
Image, Model and Property Releases/Clearances
Each guest is responsible for the content of their own submissions and Images. If you upload Images to the Lotta Living site, Lotta Living assumes you have the necessary ownership and permission to do so.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lotta Living against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to (1) a breach of this Agreement, (2) the use of this site and the use of any Image either alone or in combination with any other material, (3), your failure to abide by any restriction regarding the use of an Image, or (4) any claim by a third party related to the use of an Image, alone or in combination with any other material.
Disclaimers
Lotta Living provides you with its site and images on an “as is” basis. Lotta Living makes no warranty, express or implied regarding any Images, its site, the accuracy of any information, or any rights or licenses under this agreement including, without limitation, any implied warrantees of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement, or that the site or any service will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Neither Lotta Living nor any Lotta Living affiliate shall be liable to you or any other third party claiming through it for direct, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of, or relating to the use of the site, its text or Images, whether framed as a breach or warranty of merchantability or fitness for a practical purpose or non-infringement, upon any legal theory, in tort, contract, failure of essential purpose, or otherwise.
Choice of Law / Jurisdiction / Attorneys’ Fees
Any dispute regarding this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and applicable U.S. Federal law, including Title 17 of the U.S. Code, as amended. The parties agree to accept the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in California, USA. This Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly disclaimed. The parties hereto confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement as well as any other documents relating hereto, including notices, has been and shall be written in the English language. In any dispute between Lotta Living and you, Lotta Living shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees, legal expert fees, and other legal expenses from you.
No Waiver / Severability
No action of Lotta Living, other than an express written Waiver or Amendment, may be construed as a waiver or amendment of this Site Usage Agreement. Should any clause of this Agreement be found unenforceable, wherever possible this will not affect any other clause and each will remain in full force and effect.
Miscellaneous
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and understand it, and agree to be bound by all its terms and conditions. This document constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and merges all prior and contemporaneous communications. This Agreement shall not be modified except by a written agreement signed by duly authorized representatives of Lotta Living, provided that no purchase order or similar document issued by you shall modify this Agreement even if signed by Lotta Living. If any provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. The parties intend that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Accordingly, the parties agree that if any provisions are deemed not enforceable, they shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make them enforceable and in such manner as comes closest to the intentions of the parties to this Agreement as is possible. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties, their successors and assigns, except that you may not assign or transfer this Agreement without Lotta Living prior written consent.
Privacy Policy
Lotta Living is a privately run site. The information collected by the owners here will be only used in the interest of Modern Architectural preservation.
In addition, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here
Policy is subject to change at owner’s discretion.
Copyright
Lotta Living’s primary purpose is to serve as an educational resource towards Modern Preservation, and third party copyrights may be mentioned.
All third party trademarks and copyrights mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
No infringement is meant. Please inform us immediately if you find any inappropriate copyright or trademark usage.
Lotta Living Site Contents ©1999-2015, Mary-Margaret Stratton except where author is otherwise noted. All rights reserved.
Additional Copyright and other information about the site can be found on this page http://www.lottaliving.com/contact
Please Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Social
View GottaLottaLivin’s profile on FacebookView gottalottalivin’s profile on TwitterView lottaliving’s profile on PinterestView groups/8561531’s profile on LinkedInView UChWUty9IfFv-J3av1VeCdRg’s profile on YouTube
Welcome to the LottaLivin Family of Websites
The LottaLivin and LottaLiving family of websites are your most respected authority on all the things you love: Googie, Atomic Age, Mid-Century Modern Living, Modernism Furniture, design, art, architecture and Post War historic preservation. We also reach out to fans of International design, Art Deco, 20th century lifestyle, Roadside attractions, Travel tips, motels, coffee shops, drive-ins, bowling alleys, dinner houses, gas stations, giant objects, neon signs, vintage fashion, entertainment, exotica, lounge music, cocktail hour, space-age, swing, tiki, theme parks, dancing, nostalgia, go-go boots, hairdoos, ephemera, SHAG artwork, collectibles.
Produced by HOMECAMP.com
Design and writing by meg-o-rama
LottaLivin'(tm) & LottaLiving(tm) © 1999-2021 M-M Stratton All rights reserved.
There is a possibility of text or images used on this site that belong to others. No copyright infringement is implied. These are shared to help educate readers. If you have found anything on this site that needs to be fixed, credited or removed, please contact me.
Follow me on Twitter
My Tweets
Thank you for visiting.
View GottaLottaLivin’s profile on FacebookView gottalottalivin’s profile on TwitterView lottaliving’s profile on PinterestLinkedInYouTube
Send to Email Address