http://www.assembly.gov.nt.ca/privacy-statement
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome › Privacy Statement
House Status
Session will resume on
Wednesday, Feb 03, 2021
Privacy Statement
The Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories is committed to respecting the privacy of people who visit its website. Therefore, the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories does not automatically gather personal information like name, phone number, or e-mail address.
All personal information created, held, or collected by the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories is protected in accordance with the Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act. This means that at any point of collection you will be asked for consent to collect your information or be advised of the authority for such collection. You will be informed of the purpose for which it is being collected and how to exercise your right of access to that information.
The Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or manipulate information, or otherwise cause damage. This software automatically collects the following information:
Internet Protocol Address (a unique number that identifies to a specific machine that is attached to the Internet);
Date and time of the visit;
Pages and files visited/downloaded; and
Type of operating system and browser used to access the site.
The Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories makes no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of the individuals visiting the website, unless an attempt to damage the website has been detected. The collected information may be used to improve web content and security.
The Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories website may include links to websites operated by other government agencies, non-profit organizations, and private businesses. This privacy statement does not apply to these websites. The Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external websites.
Visitor information is not disclosed to anyone except Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories personnel who need the information to carry out responsibilities of their jobs. Any further disclosure of the personal information given to the Legisaltive Assembly of the Northwest Territories by e-mail (or submitted through any forms) will be subject to the Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act.