https://www.preventcancer.org/about-us/financials-policies/
Donate
Financials & Policies
The mission of the Prevent Cancer Foundation® is saving lives across all populations through cancer prevention and early detection.  Our vision is to Stop Cancer Before It Starts!®
The Prevent Cancer Foundation® is the only U.S. 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization solely dedicated to cancer prevention and early detection.
Since 1985, the Prevent Cancer Foundation® has carried out its mission by focusing its work in four key areas:
Research. Funding research that helps increase insight into these diseases and allows us to understand how to prevent cancer or detect it early, when successful treatment is more likely.
Education. Educating people about how they can prevent cancer and detect it early through healthy lifestyle choices, vaccinations and medical screenings.
Outreach. Reaching out to communities through programs that allow us to fund nationally and act locally.
Advocacy. Engaging lawmakers and regulators through education and advocacy to promote the enactment of laws and regulations that support cancer research and prevention.
We are committed to providing financial accountability and transparency to our donors, advocates, sponsors and supporters.  Our sources of support include:
Individual giving
Corporate support
Special events
Pharmaceutical support
The Prevent Cancer Foundation® establishes partnerships with those who share our commitment to cancer prevention and early detection, including universities and medical schools, businesses and corporations, and the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. By working together, we can Stop Cancer Before It Starts!®
Audited Financial Statements
Financial Statements, June 30, 2019 and 2018 – Download/View PDF
Financial Statements, June 30, 2018 and 2017 – Download/View PDF
Financial Statements, June 30, 2017 and 2016 – Download/View PDF
Financial Statements, June 30, 2016 and 2015 – Download/View PDF
Financial Statements, June 30, 2015 and 2014 – Download/View PDF
Financial Statements, June 30, 2013 and 2012 – Download/View PDF
IRS Form 990
IRS Form 990, June 30, 2019 – Download/View PDF
IRS Form 990, June 30, 2018 – Download/View PDF
IRS Form 990, June 30, 2017 – Download/View PDF
IRS Form 990, June 30, 2016 – Download/View PDF
IRS Form 990, June 30, 2015 – Download/View PDF
IRS Form 990, June 30, 2014 –  Download/View PDF
Foundation and Donor Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
March 18,2019
Agreement of Use
The Prevent Cancer Foundation® is committed to protecting your privacy. At all times we aim to respect any personal information you share with us, or that we receive from other organizations, and keep it safe. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) provides information about the different types of personal information that we collect and the ways in which we use it. This Notice applies to all those who interact with us, including online.
This Policy contains important information about your personal rights to privacy. Please read it carefully to understand how we use your personal information. The provision of your personal information to us is voluntary. However, without providing us with your personal information, your use of our services or your interaction with us may be impaired.
To review, edit or request corrections to the personal information that is collected, please send an email to pcf@preventcancer.org. If you do not wish to receive email correspondence from us, please select the unsubscribe link in one of the emails you received from us or you can email your request to pcf@preventcancer.org.
Our visitors’ privacy is always a primary concern. However, use of our website is governed by the following terms and conditions of use:
Privacy Policy and Personal Information
Because the Foundation collects the following types of personal information; name, email address, postal address, telephone numbers, a cookie ID, IP address; on our website for various reasons including, but not limited to, information you voluntarily provide, in the following sections we’ve outlined more about the information we collect and what we do with it:
Sharing of Personal Information
The Prevent Cancer Foundation® does not trade, rent or sell your information with any outside organization or entity. This applies to all information received by the Prevent Cancer Foundation®, both online and offline, on any platform, as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. We may compile aggregate statistics and provide them to third parties, but we do not include information that identifies individual users.
Demographic Information
The Prevent Cancer Foundation® collects cookies on our website to capture information about page visits and actions (registrations, downloads, etc.). This information is anonymous, and the Prevent Cancer Foundation® uses this information only internally to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. While using the internet, your web browser volunteers some information about you to any website you are visiting, such as IP address, geographic location, type of web browser and referrer. This information is typically not able to accurately identify you. Like many websites, the Foundation uses this information to provide a more informative experience for our users. We also use this information in order to assess the amount of traffic our website is generating, analyze browsing trends and administer the site. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our site, and guide development of other improvements to our site. The Prevent Cancer Foundation® does not require that you accept cookies. However, some functionality on our website, our product or service check-out process, and products and services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change your cookie settings through preference options for our products and/or services, where applicable.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. The security measures used on this site include, but are not limited to, industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, firewalls, and internal policies to maintain the security of stored data. Unfortunately, no transmission of your personal information over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure; however, once we have received your personal information, we will use procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
When you register with, or donate to, the Prevent Cancer Foundation® through this website, you will have a personal subscription management page, where you will be able to edit your personal information, as well as review your messaging records. Access to your personal subscription management page is controlled to protect the privacy of your data – our website requires that you log on with your e-mail address and personal password to access your personal subscription management page.
Donor Privacy Policy
Donor information is not made available to third parties without your consent or unless they need it to perform services on our behalf. The Foundation uses reasonable precautions to keep all personal information secure. Additionally, you have the option of receiving information from the Prevent Cancer Foundation® concerning our programs and donation opportunities.
The Prevent Cancer Foundation® does not trade, rent or sell your information with any outside organization or entity. We may compile aggregate statistics and provide them to third parties, but we do not include information that identifies individual users.
External Links
The Prevent Cancer Foundation® maintains a list of external links to related websites. The Foundation is not responsible for the content provided by other organizations, nor does the inclusion of an organization’s link imply an endorsement. Each organization maintains its own privacy policy and we urge you to become familiar with the policies of websites you frequent.
Your Agreement
By using this website, you agree to the collection and use of information and all other terms, as specified above in our policy. In the event that our policy changes, we will make these changes to this page in order to keep you informed about our information collection practices. The Prevent Cancer Foundation® uses reasonable precautions to keep all personal information provided secure.
Medical Disclaimer
The information presented on this website is solely intended to provide you with information that will help educate you on the importance of diet, exercise and regular cancer screening in maintaining a healthy lifestyle. Adopting these habits is an individual choice and one that should only be made after consultation with your health care professional. No information provided on this website or otherwise offered by the Prevent Cancer Foundation® is intended to replace or in any way modify the advice of your health care professional.
Although the Prevent Cancer Foundation® strives to present only current and accurate information on its website, individuals MUST NOT rely on this information or consider it to be any form of professional advice. Individuals seeking advice regarding cancer prevention, early detection, symptoms or any other questions they may have regarding their health should obtain such advice from a health care professional.
Given the stated purpose of the information presented on the website, all visitors to this website agree that the Prevent Cancer Foundation® is not responsible in any manner or to any extent for the consequences of any action(s) taken by any individual(s) as a result of using the information presented by the Foundation on its website. Further, although the Foundation carefully selects the websites with which it is associated, it is not responsible for any information or content, or any actions that are based on such information or content that appears on any website outside of its direct control. This information and content disclaimer pertains to all websites outside of the Foundation’s direct control, including, but not limited to, those sites that are or were in any way linked to the Foundation’s website.
Finally, the Prevent Cancer Foundation® would like to take this opportunity to remind you of the importance of reviewing your personal and family medical history with your health care professional before changing your diet, beginning an exercise program or learning more about your individual risk for some cancers. An ongoing and open relationship with your health care professional is a key component to maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Annual Reports
2020 Annual Report – Download/View PDF or Read Online
2019 Annual Report – Download/View PDF or Read Online
2018 Annual Report – Download/View PDF or Read Online
2017 Annual Report – Download/View PDF or Read Online
2016 Annual Report – Download/View PDF or Read Online
2015 Annual Report – Download/View PDF or Read Online
2014 Annual Report – Download/View PDF
2013 Annual Report – Download/View PDF
2012 Annual Report – Download/View PDF
2011 Annual Report – Download/View PDF
2010 Annual Report – Download/View PDF
2009 Annual Report – Download/View PDF
2008 Annual Report – Download/View PDF
2007 Annual Report – Download/View PDF
2006 Annual Report – Download/View
Compensation Statement
Compensation Statement – Download/View PDF
Conflict of Interest Policy
The purpose of this policy is to maintain the integrity of the Prevent Cancer Foundation and its decision making process. The policy requires that directors, officers, employees and committee members — referred to as stakeholders — avoid conflicts between their personal interests and the interests of the Foundation when entering into or contemplating a transaction or partnership that may benefit the private interests of any of these stakeholders.
This policy requires that stakeholders maintain personal independence with respect to their investments and refrain from making personal financial investments that benefit from information gleaned in the course of their involvement with the Foundation.
The conduct of personal business between any stakeholder and the Foundation as described below must be disclosed, and have approval from, the Foundation’s President and its Board of Directors. Such transactions shall be reviewed annually, to ensure they are in the interests of the Foundation and do not create an impermissible conflict of interest.
Stakeholder has, directly or indirectly, through business, investment or family interests:
Ownership or investment interest in any entity with which the Foundation has a transaction or arrangement; or
Potential ownership or investment interest in, or compensation arrangement with, any entity or individual with which the Foundation is negotiating a transaction or arrangement.
Compensation includes direct and indirect remuneration as well as gifts or favors that are substantial in nature. The existence of a financial interest does not necessarily mean that the associated person has a conflict of interest.
Procedures for Disclosure
In the event of actual or possible conflicts of interest, the stakeholder must disclose the existence and nature of his or her financial interest and all material facts to the Foundation’s President and Board of Directors.
Upon disclosure of the financial interest and supporting material facts, the stakeholder, or Foundation President on his or her behalf, may make a presentation at the board of directors. The stakeholder must excuse herself/himself from the meeting to allow the directors to discuss and vote upon the matter under consideration.
A majority vote of the board will determine whether the transaction or arrangement that gives rise to the potential real or perceived conflict of interest is in the Foundation’s best interest and for its own benefit and whether the transaction is fair and reasonable to the Foundation. Based upon this determination, the board shall take appropriate disciplinary and/or corrective action.
If the Foundation President and/or board member has reasonable cause to believe that a stakeholder has failed to disclose actual or possible conflicts of interest, it shall inform the stakeholder of the basis for such belief and afford him or her an opportunity to explain the alleged failure to disclose. If after hearing the response of the stakeholder and investigating as may be warranted under the circumstances, the Foundation President and/or board member determines the stakeholder has in fact failed to disclose an actual or possible conflict of interest, it shall take disciplinary and/or corrective action.
Disclosure of a possible conflict of interest, and its determination and action, will be recorded in the Minutes of the Board meeting.
Annual Disclosure
All stakeholders shall annually sign, and submit to the Foundation, a statement which affirms that such person:
has received a copy of the Foundation’s conflicts of interest policy;
has read and understands the policy;
has agreed to comply with the policy;
understands that the Foundation is a charitable organization which must engage primarily in activities that accomplish one or more of its tax-exempt purposes; and
understands that no part of the earnings of the Foundation may inure, in whole or in part, to the benefit of private interests.
Corporate Relations Policy
The Prevent Cancer Foundation is a national, non-profit organization whose mission is saving lives through cancer prevention and early detection. The Prevent Cancer Foundation receives funding from a diverse group of companies, enabling the Foundation to support research, education, advocacy and community outreach and screening programs across the nation to prevent cancer. The following policy has been approved by the Foundation Board of Directors to help guide and define these relationships, and offer transparency for the public. The Prevent Cancer Foundation accepts funding from corporate sponsors for research, educational, advocacy and community outreach programs and special events, as well as unrestricted contributions. The Prevent Cancer Foundation has ultimate authority over content, procedures and processes.
Corporate relationships will be evaluated based on the following criteria:
Independence: The Foundation will exercise independent judgment in all its decision making related to any corporate relationship.
Mission-related benefit: The relationship must provide a meaningful mission-related benefit to the general public or particular constituencies of the organization.
Consistency: The relationship must be consistent with the Foundation’s principles, public positions, policies, and standards.
Adherence: The relationship adheres to all applicable state and local laws and regulations.
Non-deceptive communications: All materials from the corporation or the organization directed to the public must contain accurate and non-deceptive terms or statements such that a reasonable person will understand the nature and extent of the corporate relationship. Specific monetary amounts need not be reported except where a purchase by a consumer causes a donation to be made to the Foundation, in which case the Foundation must disclose the amount or percentage of money from the sale which will actually go to the organization, the duration of the campaign (e.g., the month of October), and any maximum or guaranteed minimum contribution amount (e.g., up to a maximum of $200,000).
Privacy: If personal information about people participating in corporate-sponsored activities and/or programs is collected, the organization has written guidelines that protect the privacy of such people.
Balance: The organization evaluates on an annual basis the total amount of corporate support received as a percentage of total revenue.
The Prevent Cancer Foundation requires a Letter of Agreement (LOA) or contract for corporate partnerships clearly defining the role of each entity. The LOA must clearly indicate: (i) the amount of money that will be transferred to the Foundation; (ii) whether the payment is unrestricted or earmarked to support a particular event or program activity; (iii) a written description of the mission-driven activity supported that both parties will agree to use for purposes of disclosure to the general public; (iv) the manner in which each party will disclose the support to the general public; (v) the organization retains complete control of and right of approval over all content related to the event or program activity; and (vi) whether, and if so, how the organization’s name, logo and/or any identifying marks will be used by a corporation.
Corporate partnerships are reviewed and approved by the Foundation’s President and Founder, and the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and are reviewed on an annual basis.
Any employee, member of the Board of Directors, board committee member or consultant of the Prevent Cancer Foundation is required to disclose personal or organizational financial relationships with any company or company product mentioned in public remarks.
The Prevent Cancer Foundation does not endorse any medical product, treatment protocol or service or provide medical advice to patients. In addition, the Prevent Cancer Foundation does not link its Web site to any product specific Web sites.
Any corporate partner wishing to reference the Prevent Cancer Foundation or any Prevent Cancer Foundation project in public relations, marketing or promotional materials or activities must first seek the prior review and written approval of the Foundation.
The Prevent Cancer Foundation reserves the right to approve participation of third parties that may be recommended by a partner or funder for involvement in any program, project or event.
The Prevent Cancer Foundation does not sell or provide its postal mailing or electronic mailing list directly to any corporate sponsor.
All materials and programs developed by the Prevent Cancer Foundation are the property of the Foundation, must carry the Foundation copyright, and cannot be changed, modified or duplicated without prior written permission from the Prevent Cancer Foundation.
The Foundation discloses all corporate funding in its annual report, which is available to the general public.
Whistleblower Policy
The Prevent Cancer Foundation requires directors, officers and employees to observe high standards of business and personal ethics in the conduct of their duties and responsibilities. As employees and representatives of the Foundation, we must practice honesty and integrity in fulfilling our responsibilities and comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
It is the responsibility of all directors, officers and employees to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and Foundation policy and to report violations or suspected violations in accordance with this Policy, including
Theft
Financial reporting that is intentionally misleading
Improper or undocumented financial transactions
Improper destruction of records
Improper use of assets
Violations of the organization’s conflict of interest policy
Any other improper occurrences regarding cash, financial procedures, or reporting.
No Retaliation
No director, officer or employee who in good faith reports a violation shall suffer harassment, retaliation or adverse employment consequence. An employee who retaliates against someone who has reported a violation in good faith is subject to discipline up to and including termination of employment. This Policy is intended to encourage and enable employees and others to raise serious concerns within the Foundation prior to seeking resolution outside the Foundation. However, reports that are not made in good faith, or otherwise are intended to harass or annoy an employee, may result in disciplinary action, including termination.
Reporting Violations
The Foundation has an open door policy and suggests that employees share their questions, concerns, suggestions or complaints with someone who can address them properly. In most cases, an employee’s supervisor is in the best position to address an area of concern. However, if you are not comfortable speaking with your supervisor or you are not satisfied with your supervisor’s response, you are encouraged to speak with someone in the Human Resources Department or anyone in management whom you are comfortable in approaching.
Supervisors and managers are required to report suspected violations to the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. For suspected fraud, or when you are not satisfied or are uncomfortable with following the Foundation’s open door policy, individuals should contact the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer directly. The Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer is responsible for investigating and resolving all reported complaints and allegations concerning violations and, at his or her discretion, shall advise the President and Founder, Board of Directors or the Finance Committee. The Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer is required to report to the Finance Committee at least annually on compliance activity.
The Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer will acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation within five business days. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.
Pharmaceutical Support
The Prevent Cancer Foundation® is a national nonprofit organization whose mission is saving lives across all populations through cancer prevention and early detection.  The Foundation receives funding from a diverse group of companies, enabling the Foundation to support research, education, outreach (including screening programs) and advocacy across the U.S. to prevent cancer or detect it early.  Included among these funders are pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies.
Support from the pharmaceutical industry includes:
Bringing attention to specific issues and needs in the prevention and early detection of cancer.
Assist in educating the public on how they can reduce their cancer risk, or detect cancer early, when successful treatment is more likely.
Provide scientific expertise for educational materials, exhibits, and the Foundation’s conferences and workshops.
While the Prevent Cancer Foundation® values its partnership with the pharmaceutical industry, it does not endorse any medical product, treatment protocol or service, nor does it provide medical advice to patients.
In addition, the Prevent Cancer Foundation® does not link its website to any product-specific websites, and has exclusive authority over content, procedures and processes.
2017 pharmaceutical contributions:  $1,451,000.00
Abbott Laboratories
AbbVie, Inc.
AmerisourceBergen
Amgen
Astellas Pharma
Bayer Healthcare
Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Oncology
Celgene Corporation
Eisai Inc.
EMD Serono, Inc.
Epigenomics, Inc.
Exact Sciences Corporation
Genentech, Inc.
Gilead Sciences
Helsinn Group
Hologic, Inc.
Johnson & Johnson
Lilly USA, LLC
Merck & Co., Inc.
Mylan Laboratories, Inc.
Myriad Genetics, Inc.
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation
Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, Inc.
Pfizer Inc.
Quest Diagnostics
Taiho Oncology
Takeda Pharmaceuticals International Co.
Tesaro
Teva Pharmaceuticals
Percentage of total Foundation revenue: 21%
Supporters
The Prevent Cancer Foundation would like to thank our supporters for helping us carry out our mission through their continuing commitment to our work.
Pfizer
Amgen
Eisai
Genentech
Lilly
Novartis, Oncology
PhRMA
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Astellas Pharma Global Development
Susan G. Komen for the Cure
GSK GlaxoSmithKline
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Devereaux Foundation
ABB, Inc.
AbbVie
Aircraft Owners & Pilots Association
Airlines for America
Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld, L.L.P.
Allstate Insurance Company
American Airlines, Inc.
American Lung Association
AmerisourceBergen
Battelle
Bayer
Capital One Bank
Celgene
CenterPoint Energy
CIGNA
Claridad Communications
Corman Construction, Inc.
Covidien
Edison Electric Institute
Eisai
EMD Serono
Emergent BioSoluntions
Endo Pharmaceuticals
Exxon Mobil
Financial Services Forum
Fluor Corporation
Ford Motor Company
General Motors
Hunton & Williams, LLP
Instinet
International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer
Johnson & Johnson
Lung Cancer Alliance
Millennium-The Takeda Oncology Company
National Association of Broadcasters
Nestle
New York Life Insurance Company
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation
Rush University Medical Center
Salt River Project
Southern Company
TE Connectivty
Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.
The Brink’s Company
The Boeing Company
Time Warner Cable
TTR Sotheby’s International Realty
Tyco
U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Sam’s Club
Williams & Jensen
Join now to keep up with the latest in cancer prevention and early detection
Subscribe Today
Donate
Search
Search
Close this module