http://www.lasclev.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
By browsing Legal Aid’s website, you consent to our privacy policy and the use of website cookies.
I Agree
Privacy Policy
The Legal Aid Society of Cleveland does not collect personal information about visitors to our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do not sell, give or trade information with third parties. We will never provide your e-mail address or any of your personal information to any other person or organization, for any purpose.
These provisions may be changed from time to time and without notice at Legal Aid’s sole discretion and as provided by applicable law.
The information contained in this web site is intended only as information and does not constitute legal advice. No attorney/client relationship is formed from use of this site.
What We Collect Via this Website:
Information You Give Us
Legal Aid receives and stores any information you enter on the Legal Aid website (for example, if you sign-up for a volunteer activity, report on pro bono case activity) or provide in any other manner. This may include, but is not limited to, your personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address.
Legal Aid uses the information that you provide for such purposes as facilitating pro bono activities, donations and other philanthropic activities. Users may also navigate the Legal Aid website without supplying any personal information.
Automated Information Collection
Legal Aid may receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the Site (i.e., “cookies”). In addition to information you provide, we may collect the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the IP address of the computer you are using; and the browser and operating system you are using; the date and time you access the website; and the internet address of the website from which you linked to the Legal Aid website. We may use cookies to automatically gather some of this information.
If you do not want to receive cookies from the Legal Aid website, you can set your browser to not accept cookies.
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide and we collect to:
Administer Legal Aid’s website and diagnose problems;
Provide you with information about the Legal Aid and our work;
Measure the number of visitors to Legal Aid’s website and how the website is used, in order to make Legal Aid’s website as useful as possible to our visitors; and
Manage information as permissible or required by law.
Links
Legal Aid’s website may contain links to other sites. These links are for the convenience of visitors and Legal Aid makes no representations whatsoever regarding such other sites. Legal Aid is not responsible for the privacy policies or procedures or the content of any other site.
Security
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under Legal Aid’s control.
Opt-Out
If you do not want Legal Aid to share information we collect or receive about you, or want automated information deleted from Legal Aid records, you may do so by: Choosing to “opt-out” prior to submitting any information; or by mailing your opt-out request to the following address:
The Legal Aid Society of Cleveland
1223 West Sixth Street
Cleveland, OH 44113
© 2020 Legal Aid of Cleveland. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Board Member Login | Staff Email
Solicitar Ayuda Legal Gratuita
Apply For Free Legal Help
Quick Exit
To leave this website quickly, select the Quick Exit button.
The Quick Exit button will not erase your browser history.
If you are in immediate danger, call 911.