https://www.schoolwide.com/terms/
800.261.9964
LOGIN
Home
About Us
Our Story
Our Team
Our Partners
Our Partners
Model School Program
Professional Learning
Events
Administrators
Coaches
Resources
Fundamentals Unlimited
Reading Fundamentals
Writing Fundamentals
Fundamentals of Grammar and Conventions
Content Literacy Units of Study
ELA Standard Correlations
Guided Reading
Professional Books and Articles
Catalogs
Contact Us
Standard Terms and Conditions
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE
Acceptance. SELLER’S ACCEPTANCE OF BUYER’S PURCHASE ORDER IS EXPRESSLY MADE CONDITIONAL ON BUYER’S ACCEPTANCE OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE, WHICH ARE IN LIEU OF ANY ADDITIONAL OR DIFFERENT TERMS CONTAINED IN BUYER’S PURCHASE ORDER OR OTHER DOCUMENT OR COMMUNICATION PERTAINING TO BUYER’S ORDER OR THE GOODS. BUYER’S ASSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT SHALL BE CONCLUSIVELY PRESUMED FROM BUYER’S ACCEPTANCE OF ALL OR ANY PART OF THE GOODS OR FROM PAYMENT BY BUYER FOR ALL OR ANY PART OF THE GOODS. NONE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MAY BE ADDED TO, MODIFIED, SUPERSEDED OR OTHERWISE ALTERED, EXCEPT BY A WRITTEN INSTRUMENT SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED EXECUTIVE OF SELLER. FAILURE OF SELLER TO OBJECT TO ANY TERMS OR CONDITIONS THAT MAY BE CONTAINED IN ANY DOCUMENT OR FORM OF BUYER SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A WAIVER OF THESE CONDITIONS, NOR AS AN ACCEPTANCE OF ANY SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Payment Terms. Payment terms are net thirty (30) days from the date of this invoice. Any payments not made within thirty (30) days of the date of this invoice shall be subject to a late payment charge of 1½% per month (compounded) on the unpaid balance of any amount then past due.
Taxes. The quoted purchase price may be increased to the extent that Seller’s cost of the product sold hereunder may be increased as a result of (1) any agreements, codes, or legislative enactments made or enacted pursuant to federal, state, or municipal legislation; and (2) increase in the publisher’s list price(s). In addition to paying the quoted purchase price, Buyer is solely liable for any excises, levies, or taxes which Seller may be required to pay or collect, under any existing or future law, upon or with respect to the sale, purchase, delivery, storage, processing, use, consumption, or transportation of any of the goods covered hereby, and Buyer agrees to pay the amount thereof on the same terms as it shall pay the quoted purchase price.
Warranty. Seller warrants that the goods supplied under this invoice (the “Goods”) shall conform to the description in the Buyer’s most current catalog(s) or other promotional materials. THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS SELLER’S SOLE WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THESE GOODS. ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. SELLER’S LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY HEREUNDER IS LIMITED SOLELY TO THE REPLACEMENT OF THE DEFECTIVE GOODS, WHICH SHALL BE RETURNED TO A LOCATION DESIGNATED BY THE SELLER, TRANSPORTATION CHARGES PREPAID BY BUYER; AND THE FAILURE TO GIVE NOTICE OF A WARRANTY CLAIM WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS FROM DATE OF DELIVERY SHALL CONSTITUTE A WAIVER BY BORROWER OF ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT TO SUCH GOODS. THE FOREGOING SHALL CONSTITUTE THE SOLE REMEDY OF BUYER AND THE SOLE LIABILITY OF SELLER UNDER THIS WARRANTY.
Packaging and Standard Shipping. Prices stated are based on Seller’s standard packaging and ground shipping. Special Buyer packaging and/or expedited shipping will be offered or furnished only when specified, and the cost thereof shall be borne by Buyer.
Substitutions. Subject to availability by the Publisher, the Seller may substitute title(s) within a collection or “kitted” item without notification. Seller warrants that it will use all reasonable efforts to select equivalent substitutions (e.g., reading level, genre, series, author, etc.). Seller will not make substitutions on titles contained within its proprietary curriculum products or on titles ordered individually (not as part of a collection) by Buyer. If such titles are unavailable at the time of shipment, Seller will place such items on backorder.
Backorders and Partial Deliveries. Seller shall have the right to make partial deliveries and to be paid for the goods so delivered per its standard payment terms as defined herein. All such partial deliveries may be separately invoiced and paid for when due, without regard to subsequent deliveries. All backordered titles will be left open until fulfillment is possible, unless expressly canceled by Buyer in writing prior to shipping. Buyers who do not accept backorders must inform Seller in writing upon placing an order.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. SELLER’S LIABILITY TO BUYER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT, UNDER ANY WARRANTY, IN NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED IN ANY CASE THE RETURN OF THE AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID BY BUYER AND UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL SELLER BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. THE PRICE STATED FOR THE GOODS IS CONSIDERATION FOR LIMITING SELLER’S LIABILITY. NO ACTION, REGARDLESS OF FORM, ARISING OUT OF THE TRANSACTIONS UNDER THIS INVOICE MAY BE BROUGHT BY BUYER MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE DATE OF THIS INVOICE. WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WILL SELLER BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR (A) PENALTIES OR PENALTY CLAUSES OF ANY DESCRIPTION, OR (B) INDEMNIFICATION OF BUYER OR OTHERS FOR COSTS, DAMAGES, OR EXPENSES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE GOODS.
Claims. Buyer agrees to inspect all Goods immediately upon its receipt thereof. Claims by Buyer for shortages, damages, or errors in delivery must be made within THIRTY (30) days after the delivery of the Goods. Unless Buyer provides Seller with written notice of any claim or shortages of or defects in the Goods, within thirty (30) days after receipt of shipment, such Goods shall be deemed finally inspected, checked, and accepted by Buyer.
Returns. Goods are sold on a nonreturnable basis. Goods received damaged or in error may be exchanged for Goods of equal or lesser value. No Goods shall be returned without first obtaining written consent and instructions from the Seller.
Shipment. Delivery terms are F.O.B. the locations of the Seller’s designated distribution partners. Buyer shall assume all risk of loss or damage upon delivery by Seller to the carrier at the point of shipment. Deliveries will typically occur approximately 21 business days from the date of Seller’s receipt and acceptance of an order. However, any dates of delivery provided by Seller to Buyer are estimates of approximate dates of delivery, not a guaranty of a particular date of delivery. Seller shall not be liable for any damages caused by failure or delay in shipping the goods described herein. If the Buyer is unable to sign for a delivery to the address provided and has not notified the Seller in writing of any special delivery instructions, including but not limited to a change of address, an additional shipping charge will be applied if the order requires reshipment.
Security Interest. Shipments, deliveries, and performance of work by Seller shall at all times be subject to the approval of and requirements of the credit department of Seller, including the requirement that Buyer pay part or all of the purchase price in advance. Seller retains a purchase money security interest in all Goods not paid for in full, notwithstanding that the goods have been delivered to Buyer, and Buyer hereby authorizes Seller to execute and file financing statements describing the Goods, and other documents or instruments that may be requested by Seller to evidence its security interest.
Cancellation. Orders accepted by Seller are subject to cancellation by Buyer only upon written notification by Buyer prior to shipment and acceptance of such cancellation by Seller. Upon such cancellation, Seller shall cease work and Buyer shall pay Seller for all Goods that have been delivered or any costs incurred or to be incurred by Seller that cannot be canceled as a result of Buyer’s desire to cancel such order.
Indemnification. In addition to the foregoing, Buyer agrees to save and hold Seller harmless from any claims, demands, liabilities, costs, expenses, or judgments arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, out of the use of the goods supplied by Seller in any way, negligence, or lack of care by Buyer or Buyer’s customers, agents, employees, or invitees involving the use of the goods supplied by Seller. This indemnification shall include all costs, attorney’s fees and other expenses paid or incurred by or imposed upon Seller in connection with the defense of any such claim.
Governing Law. Any agreement arising out of this transaction shall be deemed to have been made in Suffolk County, New York. The parties agree that the validity, interpretation, and performance of any agreement arising out of this transaction shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.
Default. In the case of default or breach by Buyer in the performance of any or all of the provisions of this agreement, Seller may cancel any outstanding order(s) from Buyer and declare all obligations immediately due and payable, and shall in addition have all remedies afforded by the laws of the State of New York, and any other applicable law. Buyer shall be liable for all of Seller’s expenses incurred in exercising any remedies available to it, arising out of Buyer’s breach or threatened breach of any of the Standard Terms and Conditions of Sale, including reasonable attorney’s fees and legal expenses.
GENERAL PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
GENERAL PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Applicability.
(a) This purchase order is an offer by Schoolwide, Inc. (the Buyer) for the purchase of the goods specified on the face of this purchase order (the Goods) from the party to whom the purchase order is addressed (the Seller) in accordance with and subject to these terms and conditions (the Terms; together with the terms and conditions on the face of the purchase order, the Order).This Order, together with any documents incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties with respect to the Order, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements, negotiations, representations and warranties, and communications, both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter of the Order. The Order expressly limits Seller’s acceptance to the terms of the Order. These Terms prevail over any terms or conditions contained in any other documentation and expressly exclude any of Seller’s general terms and conditions of sale or any other document issued by Seller in connection with this Order.
(b) These Terms apply to any repaired or replacement Goods provided by Seller hereunder.
(c) Buyer is not obligated to any minimum purchase or future purchase obligations under this Order.
Acceptance. This Order is not binding on Buyer until Seller starts to perform in accordance with the Order. Buyer may withdraw the Order at any time before it is accepted by Seller.
Delivery Date. Seller shall deliver the Goods in the quantities and on the date(s) specified in this Order or as otherwise agreed in writing by the parties (the Delivery Date). Timely delivery of the Goods is of the essence. If Seller fails to deliver the Goods in full on the Delivery Date, Buyer may terminate the Order immediately by providing written notice to Seller and Seller shall indemnify Buyer against any losses, claims, damages, and reasonable costs and expenses directly attributable to Seller’s failure to deliver the Goods on the Delivery Date.
Quantity. If Seller delivers more or less than the quantity of Goods ordered, Buyer may reject all or any excess Goods. Any such rejected Goods shall be returned to Seller at Seller’s risk and expense. If Buyer does not reject the Goods and instead accepts the delivery of Goods at the increased or reduced quantity, the Price for the Goods shall be adjusted on a pro-rata basis.
Delivery Location. All Goods shall be delivered to the address(es) specified in this Order (the Delivery Location) during normal business hours or as otherwise instructed by Buyer.
Shipping Terms. Delivery shall be made in accordance with the terms on the face of this Order. Seller shall give written notice of shipment to Buyer when the Goods are delivered to a carrier for transportation. Seller shall provide Buyer all shipping documents, including the tracking number(s), packing list(s), and any other documents necessary within [2] business day[s] after Seller delivers the Goods to the transportation carrier.
Title and Risk of Loss. Title passes to Buyer upon delivery of the Goods to the Delivery Location. Seller bears all risk of loss or damage to the Goods until delivery of the Goods to the Delivery Location.
Packaging. All goods shall be packed for shipment according to Buyer’s instructions or, if there are no instructions, in a manner sufficient to ensure that the Goods are delivered in undamaged condition.
Amendment and Modification. No change to this Order is binding upon Buyer unless it is in writing, specifically states that it amends this Order, and is approved in writing by an authorized representative of Buyer.
Inspection and Rejection of Nonconforming Goods. The Buyer, or the Buyer’s customer, as indicated on the Order, has the right to inspect the Goods on or after the Delivery Date. Buyer, or the Buyer’s customer, at its sole option, may inspect all or a sample of the Goods, and may reject all or any portion of the Goods if it determines the Goods are nonconforming or defective. If Buyer rejects any portion of the Goods, Buyer has the right, effective upon written notice to Seller, to: (a) rescind the Order in its entirety; (b) accept the Goods at a reasonably reduced price; or (c) reject the Goods and require replacement of the rejected Goods. If Buyer requires replacement of the Goods, Seller shall, at its expense, promptly/within 7 days replace the nonconforming Goods and pay for all related expenses, including, but not limited to, transportation charges for the return of the defective goods and the delivery of replacement Goods. If Seller fails to timely deliver replacement Goods, Buyer may replace them with goods from a third party and charge Seller the cost thereof and terminate this Order pursuant to Section 19. Any inspection or other action by Buyer under this Section shall not reduce or otherwise affect Seller’s obligations under the Order, and Buyer shall have the right to conduct further inspections after Seller has carried out its remedial actions.
Price. The price of the Goods is the price stated in the Order (the Price). No increase in the Price is effective without the prior written consent of Buyer.
Most Favored Customer. Seller represents and warrants that the price for the Goods is the lowest price charged by Seller to any of its external buyers for similar volumes of similar Goods. If Seller charges any other buyer a lower price, Seller must apply that price to all Goods under this Order. If Seller fails to meet the lower price, Buyer, at its option, may terminate this Order without liability.
Payment Terms. Seller shall issue an invoice to Buyer on or any time after the completion of delivery and only in accordance with the Terms. Buyer shall pay all properly invoiced amounts due to Seller within 90 days after Buyer’s receipt of such invoice, except for any amounts disputed by Buyer in good faith. In the event of a payment dispute, Buyer shall deliver a written statement to Seller no later than 5 days prior to the date payment is due on the disputed invoice listing all disputed items and providing a reasonably detailed description of each disputed item. Amounts not so disputed are deemed accepted and must be paid, notwithstanding disputes on other items, within the period set forth in this Section 13. The parties shall seek to resolve all such disputes expeditiously and in good faith. Seller shall continue performing its obligations under the Order notwithstanding any such dispute.
Set-off. Without prejudice to any other right or remedy it may have, Buyer reserves the right to set off at any time any amount owing to it by Seller against any amount payable by Buyer to Seller.
Warranties. Seller warrants to Buyer that for a period of [12] months from the Delivery Date, all Goods will: (a) be fit for their intended purpose; (b) be merchantable; (c) be free and clear of all liens, security interests or other encumbrances; and (d) not infringe or misappropriate any third party’s patent or other intellectual property rights. These warranties survive any delivery, inspection, acceptance or payment of or for the Goods by Buyer. These warranties are cumulative and in addition to any other warranty provided by law or equity. Any applicable statute of limitations runs from the date of Buyer’s discovery of the noncompliance of the Goods with the foregoing warranties. If Buyer gives Seller notice of noncompliance with this Section, Seller shall, at its own cost and expense, promptly/within 7 days replace or repair the defective or nonconforming Goods and pay for all related expenses, including, but not limited to, transportation charges for the return of the defective or nonconforming goods to Seller and the delivery of repaired or replacement Goods to Buyer.
General Indemnification. Seller shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Buyer and Buyer’s subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns and its respective directors, officers, shareholders and employees and Buyer’s customers (collectively, Indemnitees) against any and all loss, injury, death, damage, liability, claim, deficiency, action, judgment, interest, award, penalty, fine, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney and professional fees and costs, and the cost of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers (collectively, Losses) arising out of or occurring in connection with the products purchased from Seller or Seller’s negligence, willful misconduct, or breach of any of the Terms. Seller shall not enter into any settlement without Buyer’s or Indemnitee’s prior written consent.
Intellectual Property Indemnification. Seller shall, at its expense, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Buyer and any Indemnitee against any and all Losses arising out of or in connection with any claim that Buyer’s or Indemnitee’s use or possession of the Goods infringes or misappropriates the patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any third party. In no event shall Seller enter into any settlement without Buyer’s or Indemnitee’s prior written consent.
Compliance with Law. Seller is in compliance with and shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Seller has and shall maintain in effect all the licenses, permissions, authorizations, consents and permits that it needs to carry out its obligations under the Order.
Termination. Buyer may terminate this Order, in whole or in part, at any time with or without cause for undelivered Goods on [2] days’ prior written notice to Seller. In addition to any remedies that may be provided under these Terms, Buyer may terminate this Order with immediate effect upon written notice to the Seller, either before or after the acceptance of the Goods, if Seller has not performed or complied with any of these Terms, in whole or in part. If the Seller becomes insolvent, files a petition for bankruptcy or commences or has commenced against it proceedings relating to bankruptcy, receivership, reorganization or assignment for the benefit of creditors, then the Buyer may terminate this Order upon written notice to Seller. If Buyer terminates the Order for any reason, Seller’s sole and exclusive remedy is payment for the Goods received and accepted by Buyer prior to the termination.
Limitation of Liability. Nothing in this Order shall exclude or limit Seller’s liability as a result of its fraud, negligence, willful misconduct, or breach of any of the Terms of this Order.
Waiver. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions of the Order shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in the Order, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power or privilege arising from the Order shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.
Confidential Information. All non-public, confidential or proprietary information of the Buyer, including, but not limited to, data, business operations, customer lists, customer information, pricing, discounts or rebates, disclosed by Buyer to Seller, whether disclosed orally or disclosed or accessed in written, electronic or other form or media, and whether or not marked, designated or otherwise identified as “confidential,” in connection with the Order is confidential, solely for the use of performing the Order and may not be disclosed or copied unless authorized by Buyer in writing. Upon Buyer’s request, Seller shall promptly return all documents and other materials received from Buyer. Buyer shall be entitled to injunctive relief for any violation of this Section. This Section shall not apply to information that is: (a) in the public domain; (b) known to the Seller at the time of disclosure; or (c) rightfully obtained by the Seller on a non-confidential basis from a third party.
Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable to the other for any delay or failure in performing its obligations under the Order to the extent that such delay or failure is caused by an event or circumstance that is beyond the reasonable control of that party, without such party’s fault or negligence, and which by its nature could not have been foreseen by such party or, if it could have been foreseen, was unavoidable (“Force Majeure Event”). Force Majeure Events include, but are not limited to, acts of God or the public enemy, government restrictions, floods, fire, earthquakes, explosion, epidemic, war, invasion, hostilities, terrorist acts, riots, strike, embargoes or industrial disturbances. Seller’s economic hardship or changes in market conditions are not considered Force Majeure. Seller shall use all diligent efforts to end the failure or delay of its performance, ensure that the effects of any Force Majeure Event are minimized and resume performance under the Order. If a Force Majeure Event prevents Seller from carrying out its obligations under the Order for a continuous period of more than [5] business days, Buyer may terminate this Order immediately by giving written notice to Seller.
Assignment. Seller shall not assign, transfer, delegate or subcontract any of its rights or obligations under the Order without the prior written consent of Buyer. Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this Section shall be null and void. No assignment or delegation shall relieve the Seller of any of its obligations hereunder. Buyer may at any time assign, transfer or subcontract any or all of its rights or obligations under the Order without Seller’s prior written consent.
Relationship of the Parties. The relationship between the parties is that of independent contractors. Nothing contained in the Order shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, joint venture or other form of joint enterprise, employment or fiduciary relationship between the parties, and neither party shall have authority to contract for or bind the other party in any manner whatsoever. No relationship of exclusivity shall be construed from this Order.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Order is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of these Terms.
Governing Law. All matters arising out of or relating to this Order shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of New York.
Submission to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Order shall be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of Huntington Station and County of Suffolk, and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding.
Cumulative Remedies. The rights and remedies under this Order are cumulative and are in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise.
Notices. All notices, request, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder (each, a Notice) shall be in writing and addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth on the face of this Order or to such other address that may be designated by the receiving party in writing. All Notices shall be delivered by personal delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier (with all fees pre-paid), email (with confirmation of delivery) or certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). Except as otherwise provided in this Order, a Notice is effective only (a) upon receipt of the receiving party, and (b) if the party giving the Notice has complied with the requirements of this Section.
Severability. If any term or provision of this Order is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
Survival. Provisions of this Order which by their nature should apply beyond their terms will remain in force after any termination or expiration of this Order including, but not limited to, the following provisions: Title and Risk of Loss, Most Favored Customer, Limitation of Liability, Cumulative Remedies and Survival.
SCHOOLWIDE WEBSITE TERMS OF SERVICE
SCHOOLWIDE WEBSITE TERMS OF SERVICE
1. Your Acceptance
A. By using and/or visiting this website (collectively, including all content and functionality available through the Schoolwide.com domain name, the “Schoolwide.com Website,” or “Website”), including but not limited to Fundamentals Unlimited, you signify your agreement to (1) these terms and conditions (the “Terms of Service”), (2) Schoolwide’s privacy notice, incorporated here by reference, and (3) Schoolwide’s Community Guidelines, also incorporated here by reference. If you do not agree to any of these terms, the Schoolwide privacy notice, or the Community Guidelines, you are not authorized to use the Schoolwide.com Website.
B. Although we may attempt to notify you when changes are made to the Terms of Service, you should periodically review the most up-to-date version(s), which are located on www.schoolwide.com. Schoolwide may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise the Terms of Service and policies at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. Nothing in the Terms of Service shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
2. Schoolwide Website
A. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Schoolwide.com Website, including users who are also contributors of video or textual content, information, and other materials or services on the Website. The Schoolwide.com Website includes all aspects of Schoolwide.com, including but not limited to, all products, software, and services offered via the Website and other applications.
B. The Schoolwide.com Website may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by Schoolwide. Schoolwide has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites. In addition, Schoolwide will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Website, you expressly relieve Schoolwide of any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
C. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Schoolwide.com Website and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each and every other website that you visit.
3. Schoolwide Accounts
A. In order to access some features of the Website, you will have to create an account. You may never use another’s account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. You must notify Schoolwide immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
B. Although Schoolwide will not be liable for your losses as caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of Schoolwide or others due to such unauthorized use.
4. General Use of the Website—Permissions and Restrictions
Schoolwide hereby grants you permission to access and use the Website as set forth in these Terms of Service, provided that:
A. You agree not to distribute, in any medium, any part of the Website without Schoolwide’s prior written authorization.
B. You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Website or any of its related technologies.
C. You agree not to access Schoolwide.com content through any technology or means other than the Website itself or other explicitly authorized means Schoolwide may designate.
D. You agree not to use the Website or its content for any commercial use without the prior written authorization of Schoolwide. Prohibited commercial uses include any of the following actions taken without Schoolwide’s express prior written approval:
• sale of access to the Website or its related services on another website;
• use of the Website or its related services for the primary purpose of gaining advertising or subscription revenue;
• the sale of advertising targeted to Schoolwide content, on the Schoolwide.com website or any third-party website; and
• any use of the Website or its related services that Schoolwide finds, in its sole discretion, to use Schoolwide’s resources with the effect of competing with or displacing the market for Schoolwide or Schoolwide content.
E. Prohibited commercial uses do not include:
• uploading original content to Schoolwide.com for the purpose of creating custom teaching resources for classroom use;
• using Schoolwide.com content in a classroom setting, such as on interactive whiteboards, provided the primary purpose of using such content does not compete with Schoolwide; and
• any use that Schoolwide expressly authorizes in writing.
F. If you use the Schoolwide.com Website, you agree that it may automatically download and install updates from time to time. These updates are designed to improve, enhance and further develop the application and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software modules and completely new versions. You agree to receive such updates as part of your use of the Website.
G. You agree not to use or launch any automated or other type of system, including without limitation, “robots,” “spiders,” or “offline readers,” to access the Website. Schoolwide grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of, and solely to the extent necessary, for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. Schoolwide reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases. You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Website, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Website (e.g., comments, email) for any commercial solicitation purposes. You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Website.
H. In your use of the Website, you will otherwise comply with the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, Schoolwide Community Guidelines, and all applicable local, national, and international laws and regulations.
I. Schoolwide reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the Schoolwide Website at any time.
5. Your Use of Content on the Site
In addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of content on the Schoolwide.com Website.
A. The content on the Schoolwide.com Website, except all User Submissions (as defined below), including without limitation the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features, and the like (“Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (“Marks”), are owned by or licensed to Schoolwide, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law. Content on the Website is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only; it may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners. Schoolwide reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website and the Content.
B. You may access User Submissions for your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Schoolwide.com Website. You shall not copy or download any User Submission unless you see a “download” or similar link displayed by Schoolwide on the Schoolwide.com Website for that User Submission.
C. Any User Comments are made available to you for your information and personal use solely as intended through the normal functionality of the Schoolwide.com Website. User Comments are made available “as is,” and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, downloaded, or otherwise exploited in any manner not intended by the normal functionality of the Schoolwide.com Website or otherwise as prohibited under this Agreement.
D. You may access Schoolwide Content, User Submissions and other content only as permitted under this Agreement. Schoolwide reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Schoolwide Content and the Schoolwide.com Website.
E. You agree not to engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Content other than expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, or distribution of User Submissions of third parties obtained through the Website for any commercial purposes.
F. You agree not to circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Schoolwide.com Website or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or that enforce limitations on use of the Schoolwide.com Website or the Content therein.
G. You understand that when using the Schoolwide.com Website, you may be exposed to User Submissions and third-party content from a variety of sources, and that Schoolwide is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such content. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Submissions or third-party content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Schoolwide with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold Schoolwide, its Owners/Operators, members, managers, partners, shareholders, officers, directors, agents, affiliates, and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the Website.
6. Your User Submissions and Conduct
A. As a Schoolwide.com account holder, you may submit video, printable, or textual content, collectively referred to as “User Submissions.” You understand that whether or not such User Submissions are published, Schoolwide does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Submissions.
B. You shall be solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Submissions, you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that: you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Schoolwide to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions, to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Service.
C. For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your User Submissions. However, by submitting User Submissions to Schoolwide, you hereby grant Schoolwide a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the User Submissions in connection with the Schoolwide.com Website and Schoolwide’s (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including, without limitation, for publication in Schoolwide’s proprietary curriculum products and for use in promoting and redistributing part or all of the Schoolwide.com Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each user of the Schoolwide.com Website a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Submissions as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under these Terms of Service. The above licenses granted by you are perpetual and irrevocable.
D. In connection with User Submissions, you further agree that you will not submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third-party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have express written permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant Schoolwide all of the license rights granted herein.
E. You further agree that you will not, in connection with User Submissions, submit material that is contrary to the Schoolwide Community Guidelines, which may be updated from time to time, or contrary to applicable local, national, and international laws and regulations.
F. Schoolwide does not endorse any User Submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Schoolwide expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions. Schoolwide does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its Website. Schoolwide will remove all Content and User Submissions if properly notified that such Content or User Submission infringes on another’s intellectual property rights. Schoolwide reserves the right to remove Content and User Submissions without prior notice.
7. Account Termination Policy
A. Schoolwide will terminate a User’s access to its Website if, under appropriate circumstances, they are determined to be a repeat infringer.
B. Schoolwide reserves the right to decide whether Content or a User Submission is appropriate and complies with these Terms of Service for violations other than copyright infringement, such as, but not limited to, pornography, obscene or defamatory material, poor quality, or excessive length. Schoolwide may remove such User Submissions and/or terminate a User’s access for uploading such material in violation of these Terms of Service at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
8. Digital Millennium Copyright Act
A. If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any User Submission or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing the following information in writing:
• A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
• Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and an e-mail address;
• A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Schoolwide’s designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is: customersuccess@schoolwide.com. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
B. If you believe that your User Submission that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to law, to post and use the content in your User Submission, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information:
• Your physical or electronic signature;
• Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location where the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
• A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
• Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in Islip, New York, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received, Schoolwide may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party, informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it within 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member, or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Schoolwide’s sole discretion.
9. Warranty Disclaimer
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SCHOOLWIDE WEBSITE SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SCHOOLWIDE, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF. SCHOOLWIDE MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE WEBSITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THE WEBSITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SCHOOLWIDE WEBSITE. SCHOOLWIDE DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SCHOOLWIDE WEBSITE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND SCHOOLWIDE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
10. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL SCHOOLWIDE, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHER WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE SCHOOLWIDE IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SCHOOLWIDE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
The Website is controlled and offered by Schoolwide from its facilities in the United States of America. Schoolwide makes no representations that the Schoolwide Website is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Schoolwide Website from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
11. Indemnity
You agree to fully defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Schoolwide, its parent corporation, officers, members, managers, directors, employees, affiliates, and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Schoolwide Website; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, privacy, or other intellectual property right; or (iv) any claim that one of your User Submissions caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Schoolwide Website.
12. Ability to Accept Terms of Service
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service.
13. Assignment
These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Schoolwide without restriction.
14. General
You agree that: (i) the Schoolwide Website shall be deemed solely based in New York; and (ii) the Schoolwide Website shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over Schoolwide, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than New York. These Terms of Service shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of New York, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any claim or dispute between you and Schoolwide that arises in whole or in part from your use of the Schoolwide Website shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Suffolk County, New York. These Terms of Service, together with the Privacy Notice, and any other legal notices published by Schoolwide on the Website, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Schoolwide concerning the Schoolwide Website. If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this these Terms of Service shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Schoolwide’s failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Schoolwide reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without any notice, and it is your responsibility to regularly review these Terms of Service for any changes. Your use of the Schoolwide Website following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. YOU AND SCHOOLWIDE AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SCHOOLWIDE WEBSITE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
SCHOOLWIDE COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
SCHOOLWIDE COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
Schoolwide.com and its affiliated websites prioritize teachers and empower educators with the tools and resources required to make a positive impact on student achievement.
Here are some common sense rules we respectfully request that you abide by:
• Schoolwide.com is not the place for pornography or any sexually explicit content in any format or medium whatsoever.
• Do not post content involving animal abuse, drug abuse, underage drinking or smoking, or bomb making.
• Graphic or gratuitous violence is not allowed. If your content shows someone being physically hurt, attacked, or humiliated, do not post it.
• Respect copyrights. Only upload content that you made or that you are authorized to use.
• Obtain permissions. If your content features the images or voices of others, including colleagues, students, and/or parents, please obtain their consent before posting.
• We encourage free speech and an individual’s right to express an unpopular opinion, but we do not permit hate speech (speech that attacks or demeans an individual or group based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, and/or sexual orientation) or vulgar, offensive, or obscene language.
• Actions such as predatory behavior, stalking, threats, harassment, intimidation, invasion of privacy, revealing other people’s personal information, and inciting others to commit violent acts or to violate the Terms of Use are taken very seriously. Anyone caught engaging in such behavior may be permanently banned from Schoolwide.com.
• Do not create misleading descriptions, tags, titles or thumbnails in order to increase views.
Please take these rules seriously. Understand them and respect the spirit in which they were created.
We Enforce These Guidelines
Schoolwide’s staff periodically reviews User Submissions to determine appropriateness for our viewership and to ensure that submissions do not violate our Community Guidelines. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. If your account is terminated, you will not be allowed to create any new accounts.
FUNDAMENTALS UNLIMITED TERMS OF USE
FUNDAMENTALS UNLIMITED TERMS OF USE
1. Your Acceptance
A. By using Fundamentals Unlimited, you signify your agreement to (1) Free Trial Terms of Use (as contained herein), (2) Schoolwide’s Website Terms of Service, (3) Schoolwide’s Privacy Notice, and (4) Schoolwide’s Community Guidelines.
B. Although we may attempt to notify you when changes are made to the Terms of Service, you should periodically review the most up-to-date version(s), which are located at www.schoolwide.com. Schoolwide may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise the Terms of Service and policies at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. Nothing in the Terms of Service shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
2. Subscription, Free Trials, Billing and Cancellation
A. Subscription
I. Ongoing Subscription. Your Fundamentals Unlimited subscription, which may start with a free trial, will continue monthly unless and until you cancel your subscription or it is terminated by Schoolwide, Inc. You must provide us with a current, valid, accepted method of payment (which “Payment Method” may be updated from time to time) to use the Fundamentals Unlimited service. Schoolwide will bill the monthly subscription fee to your Payment Method. You must cancel your subscription before it renews each month in order to avoid billing of the next month’s subscription fees to your Payment Method.
II. Differing Subscriptions. Schoolwide may offer a number of subscription plans, including special promotional plans or subscriptions with differing conditions and limitations. We reserve the right to modify, terminate or otherwise amend our offered subscription plans.
B. Free Trials
I. Your Fundamentals Unlimited subscription may start with a free trial. The free trial period of your subscription lasts for 30 days, or as otherwise specified during sign-up. Free trials are for new members only. Schoolwide reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to determine your free trial eligibility.
II. Schoolwide will begin billing your Payment Method for monthly subscription fees at the end of the free trial period of your subscription unless you cancel prior to the end of the free trial period.
III. You will not receive a notice from us that your free trial period has ended or that the paying portion of your subscription has begun. To cancel your subscription, contact Schoolwide, Inc. at customersuccess@schoolwide.com or toll–free at 1.800.261.9964 ext. 2. We will continue to bill your Payment Method for your subscription fee on a monthly basis until you cancel.
C. Billing
I. Recurring Billing. By starting your Fundamentals Unlimited subscription and providing or designating a Payment Method, you authorize us to charge you a monthly subscription fee at the then current rate, and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the Fundamentals Unlimited service, to your Payment Method.
II. Price Changes. We reserve the right to adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in these Terms of Use, any price changes to your service will take effect following email notice to you.
III. Billing Cycle. The subscription fee for our service will be billed at the beginning of the paying portion of your subscription and each month thereafter unless and until you cancel your subscription. We automatically bill your Payment Method each month on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your paying subscription. Subscription fees are fully earned upon payment. We reserve the right to change the timing of our billing, in particular, as indicated below, if your Payment Method has not successfully settled. In the event your paying subscription began on a day not contained in a given month, we may bill your Payment Method on a day in the applicable month or such other day as we deem appropriate. No Refunds. PAYMENTS ARE NONREFUNDABLE AND THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR PARTIALLY USED PERIODS. Following any cancellation, however, you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your current billing period. At any time, and for any reason, we may provide a refund, discount, or other consideration to some or all of our members (“credits”). The amount and form of such credits, and the decision to provide them, are in our sole and absolute discretion. The provision of credits in one instance does not entitle you to credits in the future for similar instances, nor does it obligate us to provide credits in the future, under any circumstance.
IV. Payment Methods. You may edit your Payment Method information by visiting our website and clicking on the “Manage Account” link. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not edit your Payment Method information or cancel your account (see, “Cancellation” below), you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates.
V. Cancellation. You may cancel your Fundamentals Unlimited subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the Fundamentals Unlimited service through the end of your monthly billing period. SCHOOLWIDE DOES NOT PROVIDE REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR ANY PARTIAL-MONTH SUBSCRIPTION PERIODS. To cancel, go to the “Manage Account” page on our website and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you cancel your subscription, your account will automatically close at the end of your current billing period.
SCHOOLWIDE PRIVACY POLICY
SCHOOLWIDE PRIVACY POLICY
The Schoolwide Privacy Policy describes how Schoolwide and its parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries treat personal information when you use Schoolwide.com services, including information provided when you use Schoolwide.com or any of Schoolwide’s websites, including Fundamentals Unlimited.
1. Personal Information
• Browsing: You can access information and content on Schoolwide’s websites without having an account. You also can contact us through Schoolwide.com or by emailing us directly, without having to register for an account.
• Your Schoolwide Account: For some activities on Schoolwide.com, including using Fundamentals Unlimited, you need an account. We ask for some personal information when you create an account, including your name, job title, school district or company name, email address, and a password. The information is used to protect your account from unauthorized access.
• Usage Information: When you use Schoolwide.com and Fundamentals Unlimited, we may record information about your site usage, such as the pages you click on.
• Content Uploaded to the Site: Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose online may be viewed and used by others.
2. Student Information
• For some activities on Schoolwide.com, including the use of Fundamentals Unlimited, you may need to upload student information, such as first name, last name, and an email address (for access purposes).
• Schoolwide.com will not advertise or send any messaging, commercial or otherwise, via email directly to students.
3. Uses
• If you submit personal information, we may use that information to operate, maintain, and improve the features and functionality of our websites and to process any flagging activity or communication you send to us.
• We do not use your email address or other personal information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent. We may use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes, (such as notifying you of major website changes or for customer service purposes). By creating an account, you agree that we may contact you by email and that we may store your details for future contact. You may receive relevant marketing communications from Schoolwide, but you can unsubscribe at any time if these emails are not of interest to you.
• We use cookies, web beacons, and log file information to (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit; (b) provide customized, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics, such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
4. Disclosure of Information
• We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties for commercial purposes. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving you, long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may release account and other personal information when we believe such a release is appropriate in order to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Schoolwide, our users, or others. We may transfer the personally identifiable information we collect to a third party in connection with a sale of our business. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
5. Your Choices
• If you have a Schoolwide.com account, you may update your personal profile information, email preferences, and privacy settings at any time by visiting your account profile page.
• You may control the information that is available to other users by editing your Schoolwide.com account and the features that are included on your profile page.
• You may, of course, decline to submit personal information through Schoolwide.com, in which case you can still explore our websites, but Schoolwide may not be able to provide certain content or services to you.
6. Advertising at Schoolwide.com
• Schoolwide strives to provide you with relevant and useful advertising. We may use a range of sources, including cookies, web beacons, IP addresses, usage data, and other non-personal information about your computer or device (such as browser type and operating system) to provide you with relevant advertising. If you are logged into your account, we may also show you advertising based on the information you have provided to us in your Schoolwide.com account.
• Occasionally, at our discretion, our website may include information or advertising by third parties or offer third-party products or services and may contain links to other websites. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. A link does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services, security, or accessibility of that website.
7. How We Secure Your Information
• We work to protect the security of your personal information by using a variety of security measures. Schoolwide maintains several technical and organizational processes to help ensure that information collected is secure, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. SSL encryption algorithms have also been integrated into our website as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content and the electronic transmission of information. Schoolwide will collect only information about customers that is needed and relevant. Information collected will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or to otherwise meet applicable legal requirements.
800.261.9964
© 2020 Schoolwide, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Terms
Contact Us