http://www.longislandpeace.org/about/internet-policy/
About
About Us
Board of Directors
Meet the Team
Privacy Policy
Campaigns and Projects
Ban Drones Campaign
Peace Fellows Program
About the Program
Peace Fellows 2013
Peace Fellows 2014
Peace Fellows 2015
PEACE FELLOWS 2016
Stop War Working Group
Contact
Media
August 6th Hiroshima Commemoration
Iran
Syria
Speakers’ Bureau
Membership
2012 Annual Report
2013 Annual Report
Peace Action New York State
PEACE FELLOWS
Resources
Privacy Policy
Internet Privacy Policy
The Long Island Alliance for Peaceful Alternatives respects the privacy of each individual who contacts us. We appreciate your support and the role you play in enabling us to carry out our important work. Our privacy policy is described below.
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can browse our website without disclosing personal data.
Individually Identifiable Information
We collect only the information you choose to share with us when you voluntarily contact us.
That information may include: your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone and/or fax number, and affiliation. We will use this information to respond to your request. We will only add your name and address to our mailing list, postal and/or e-mail, if you have elected to join as a member of the organization, have contriuted or have otherwise asked that we do so. Your personal information will not be shared with or made available to any third parties.
Links to Other Sites
Our site may include links to other web sites that we feel may be of interest to you. Links are provided only as a convenience and do not imply any endorsement of other sites. If you would like to review or correct the information that you have provided to the Alliance, please contact us at longislandpeace@gmail.com
Recent Posts
PEACE ACTION NYS Rev. William Sloane Coffin Virtual Program
Virtual Commemoration of the 75th Anniversary of the U.S. Bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
George Houser Virtual House Party on July 24th
Frances Perkins Virtual House Party on May 29
WE ARE ON BRINK OF WAR
About
Campaigns and Projects
Contact
Media
Membership
Peace Action New York State
PEACE FELLOWS
Resources
© 2020 Long Island Alliance for Peaceful Alternatives  :
Outreach Theme by Design Crumbs