http://www.rmh-vermont.org/privacy/
Skip to content
Home
Cleaning
Business
Finance
Privacy
Terms Of Use
Get In Touch
Our Crew
434-305-1851
HomePrivacy
Privacy:
RMH Media ("RMH Media")
operates http://www.rmh-vermont.org and may operate other websites. It
is RMH Media's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, RMH Media collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. RMH Media's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how RMH Media's visitors use its website. From time to
time, RMH Media may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
RMH Media also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.rmh-vermont.org
blogs/sites. RMH Media only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to RMH Media's websites choose to interact
with RMH Media in ways that require RMH Media to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that RMH Media gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at http://www.rmh-vermont.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with RMH Media are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, RMH Media collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
RMH Media. RMH Media does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
RMH Media may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. RMH Media may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, RMH Media does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
RMH Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on RMH Media's behalf or to provide services available
at RMH Media's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using RMH Media's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. RMH Media will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, RMH Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when RMH Media believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of RMH Media, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an RMH Media website and have supplied your email address, RMH Media
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with RMH Media and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. RMH Media takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. RMH Media uses cookies to
help RMH Media identify and track visitors, their usage of RMH Media
website, and their website access preferences. RMH Media visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using RMH Media's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of RMH Media's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If RMH Media, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that RMH Media goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of RMH Media may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by RMH Media and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, RMH Media may change
its Privacy from time to time, and in RMH Media's sole
discretion. RMH Media encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy. If you have a http://www.rmh-vermont.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Partners
Recent Posts
Advantages and Disadvantages of Paver Sealing
Green Gifts for This Christmas Holiday
E-Scooter: Best Alternative Transportation
Tips to Keep in Mind When Looking for a Personal Injury Lawyer
How to Apply Eco-Friendly Home Renovation
Ideas for Bar Improvements at Home
Factors to Consider When Buying an E-Bike
How to Cope Up After a Car Accident
Tagsaccident
Apply
bar improvement
Bike
car
Coffee Grinder
Concrete
E-Bike
e-scooter
eco-friendly
Employment
food business
food delivery
General
gift
Grinder
holiday
home
home improvement
home renovation
Job
Ketogenic
Law
online delivery
online money lender
Pave
Personal Injury Lawyer
Plastics
Plastic Waste
pros and cons
rides
Road
tips
transportation
Follow Us On Social Media
Categories
Business
Diet
Employment
Finance
General
tech
Transportation
Uncategorized
Pages
About Our House
Art Gallery
Get In Touch
Helpful Links
How To Clean A Carpet Effectively
News and Events
Our Crew
Privacy
Terms Of Use
Thanks
Volunteer Opportunities
Ways to Help Around the House
Watch