http://www.activistsandiego.org/privacy
Home
About Us
ASD Radio
Calendar
Newsletter
Get Involved
Contact Us
Search
Take Action
User login
Username: *
Password: *
Create new accountRequest new password
LISTEN NOW
Get involved in Community Radio
Home Privacy Policy
View
Revisions
Activist
San Diego is committed to protecting your privacy online. We are also
committed to providing you with the very best experience we can on
our Web site. In order to enhance your experience at our site we gather
certain personal information about you that helps us customize our
content to your tastes and preferences. Please read the following
policy to understand how your personal information will be treated
as you make full use of our Web site. This policy may change from
time to time so please check back periodically.
What information do we collect?
Activist San Diego collects information in several ways from different parts of our Web site.
Activist San Diego collects
some personal information when you sign up for our newsletter. We
may ask for your name, e-mail address, zip code, and country. The
more information you share with us (and the more accurate it is),
the better we are able to enhance and customize your experience
on our site.
In addition to the information
we collect for the newsletter, we may ask you for personal information
at other times, including (but not limited to) when you make a purchase
through our online store, when you enter promotions or contests
and when you respond to a survey. For example, when you make a purchase
through our online store, we collect several items of personal information,
including your billing and shipping address, telephone number, credit
card information, and any other information necessary to complete
the transaction.
Wherever Activist San Diego collects personal information, we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
What information do parties other than Activist San Diego collect?
Some advertisers or Web sites that have links on our site may collect personally identifiable information about you when you access or utilize those links. Activist San Diego does not control the collection or use of such information, and the practices of those advertisers and Web sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
What are "cookies" and
how do we use them?
Activist San Diego does not currently uses "Cookies."
We may use "Cookies" in the future. Cookies are small
bits of data that are sent to your browser and stored on your computer's
hard drive.
What do we do with the information we collect?
Activist San Diego's primary goal in collecting personal information
is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our
Web site. The information we collect may be used to provide such
capabilities as personalization services, interactive communications,
online shopping, and personalized communication between you and
other activists. We may also use the information to measure certain
traffic patterns, to track the progress and number of entries in
our promotions and contests, to track visits to and business conducted
at our online store, to notify our visitors about updates to our
Web site, to contact you for marketing purposes, to contact you
on behalf of certain other third parties and deliver targeted advertisements
that may be of interest to you. We may occasionally contact you
with information regarding special events at Activist San Diego.
With whom do we share your information and for what purpose?
Activist San Diego does not sell, rent, or trade your personal information
with others. However, when one or more of our partners co-sponsor
a service, promotion and/or contest, we may share some or all of
the information collected in connection with such service, promotion
or contest with the co-sponsor(s). If we intend to share such information,
you will be notified prior to the collection of that information.
If you do not want your information to be shared, you will be able
to choose not to allow the transfer by not using or signing up for
that particular service, promotion or contest.
In addition, when you make a purchase through our online store, or sign up to receive promotional items from us, we may share some of your personal information with third parties helping us to complete your transaction or send you the items you signed up to receive. When we share your information with such third parties, we will work to ensure that only the information necessary to complete your transaction is disclosed.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Activist San Diego as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may change our Privacy Policy. We will post those changes on this page so that our customers will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we share the information with others.
Copyright © 2000-2010 Activist San
Diego
»
Events
« December 2020 »
SunMonTueWedThuFriSat
12345
6789101112
13141516171819
20212223242526
2728293031
Contribute
Please Login to add a new event.
Discover how to use the new site!
Upcoming events
2nd Sunday Jihmye Poetry Open Mic(3 days)Voices for Children CASA Volunteer Information Session(5 days)more
Resources
Activist Directory
African American
Animal Rights
Asian American
Community Services
Consumer Activism
Education
Elderly
Environment
Faith Based
General Progressive
GLBT
Homelessness
Human and Civil Rights
International Solidarity
Latino/Mexican/Chicano
Native American
Peace
Volunteer
Women
© 2020 Activist San Diego • (619) 528-8383 • info@activistsandiego.org
Home
About Us
Calendar
Newsletter
Get Involved
Search
Privacy Policy