http://www.bestlawfirm.com/privacy
Close
Search
Support
Contact
Insight Member Login
Who We Help
Law Firms
Legal Departments
Bar Associations
How We Help
Running Your Firm
Strategic Planning Workshops
Firm Retreats
Financial/Profitability Analysis
Comprehensive Practice Analysis
Software Selection
Process Improvement
Time Management Consulting
YourBooks
New Firm Launch
Leveraging Your Technology
Affinity Complete Care: Subscription Service
Practice Management
Time, Billing, & Accounting
Document Automation
Document Management
Microsoft Office
Other Software
Educating Your Team
Affinity Insight: Membership Program
Power Hours
Microsoft Office Training
PDF Software Training
Legal Software Training
Continuing Legal Education
Leadership/Management Training
Time Management Training
Educational Webinars
About Affinity
About Affinity
What We Do
How We Started
Our Team
Solution Partners
Client Testimonials
Careers
Resources
Stay Informed
Upcoming Webinars
Upcoming Events
Case Studies
Downloads
Podcasts
Videos
Blog
Store
Support
PMA Partnership Program
Privacy
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms and Conditions”), as well as applicable laws and regulations. If you disagree with any of the stated Terms and Conditions, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this site are secured by relevant copyright and trademark law.
2. Permitted Use
You are authorized to use this website, and the information, verbiage, images, or other works presented here (the “Content”) solely for non-commercial, personal purposes, and/or to learn about Affinity Consulting Group’s products and services, and solely in compliance with these Terms and Conditions.
3. Prohibited Use
By accessing this site, you agree that you will not engage in the following prohibited activities:
• Using the site in violation of these Terms and Conditions or in any manner that is unlawful.
• Copying, modifying, or creating a derivative work from the Content, or allowing a third party to do so.
• Selling any part of the Content.
• Using any automated system that accesses this website in a manner that sends more requests to the Affinity Consulting Group servers in a given period of time than a human can produce in the same period by using a conventional web browser.
• Using the site in any manner that damages or disables it, or negatively impacts any other party’s use of the site.
• Mirroring or framing this website or any part of it to another website.
• Attempting to gain unauthorized access to this website.
• Accessing this website through any means other than the interface provided by Affinity Consulting Group for this purpose.
4. Links to Third-Party Websites
Links to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience and do not imply endorsement or recommendation of the third party or the information contained on its website. Affinity Consulting Group is not responsible for the availability of third-party websites or the content presented thereon.
5. Downloadable Files
Affinity Consulting Group cannot and does not guarantee that files available for download on this website are free of harmful computer code, files or programs.
6. Disclaimer
The materials on Affinity Consulting Group’s site are given “as is.” Affinity Consulting Group makes no guarantees, communicated or suggested, and thus renounces and nullifies other warranties, including without impediment, inferred guarantees or states of merchantability, fitness for a specific reason, or non-encroachment of licensed property or other infringement of rights. Further, Affinity Consulting Group does not warrant or make any representations concerning the quality or likely results of using any of the Content on its website.
7. Amendments and Errata
The Content on Affinity Consulting Group’s website may contain typographical or photographic mistakes. Affinity Consulting Group does not guarantee that any of the Content on its site is exact, finished, or current. Affinity Consulting Group may make improvements to the materials contained on its site at any time without notification.
8. Terms of Use Modifications
Affinity Consulting Group may update these Terms and Conditions at any time without notification. By utilizing this site, you are consenting to be bound by these Terms and Conditions as modified. The last date these Terms of Use were revised is set forth below.
9. Governing Law
Any case related to Affinity Consulting Group’s site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, in the United States.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critical to us. As such, we have developed this Privacy Policy to describe our data collection, processing and usage practices, and your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data collection practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use this website. This Policy includes:
• What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
• What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
• The security procedures in place to protect against the misuse of your information.
• How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
1. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the personal information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily provide us. Before or at the time of collecting any personal information, we will identify the purposes for which this information is being collected. We will not sell or rent any personal information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request (e.g., with a vendor partner).
Occasionally we do partner with another party to provide specific services. When a user signs up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
If you have subscribed to one of our email publications or otherwise agreed to receive future communication from us, we may contact you via email to tell you about new products or services, upcoming events, industry news, or changes to this Privacy Policy.
From time to time our site may request information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary, and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving satisfaction with our site and our services.
2. Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the phone number or address provided on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Ask us to delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
3. Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
4. Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Some of our business partners may also use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
5. Modifications to this Policy
We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any changes to this Policy here, and we encourage you to review this Policy regularly.
We administer this website according these standards with the specific goal of ensuring the privacy of individual data. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our handling of the information we collect, please write to us by email at info@affinityconsulting.com or by mail to Affinity Consulting Group, 8200 Bryan Dairy Rd, Suite 160, Largo, FL 33777.
Last revised: 10/23/2018
Contact UsCall Us(877) 676-5492Email Usinfo@affinityconsulting.com
Sign Up For Our NewsletterStay Informed
Become a MemberLearn More