http://www.charitychoice.co.uk/terms-and-conditions-for-charities
Login or Sign up
Find a Charity
Charity Reports
Gifts in Wills
Stories
Are You a Charity?
Register Your Charity
The Fundraiser Blog
Find a Volunteer
Find Donated Goods
Fundraising Tips and Guides
Events
Charity Terms and Conditions
These terms relate to your charity's registration on the Charity Choice website www.charitychoice.co.uk (the 'Website').
The terms set out here, together with our Copyright Notice (https://www.wilmingtonplc.com/copyright-notice), Privacy Policy (http://www.wilmington.co.uk/privacy-policy) and general website terms and conditions (http://www.charitychoice.co.uk/terms-and-conditions) (but only so far as they do not conflict with these terms) constitute the legal terms and conditions (the 'Terms') which will govern your use of the Website.
Please read the Terms carefully and make sure that you understand them, before agreeing to them on behalf of the charity which you represent, which we will refer to as the 'Charity'.
About us
We are Wilmington Publishing & Information Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 03368442 with a registered office at 5th Floor, The White Chapel Building, 10 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 8QS.
To contact us, please email editorial@charitychoice.co.uk.
We operate the Website, which enables Website users to give to charities through a variety of mediums.
The Charity's use of the Website
By agreeing to register with the Website in accordance with these Terms, the Charity will be permitted to upload material on to the Website.
The Charity must ensure that all content posted on the Website:
is up-to-date and accurate;
is compliant with any applicable laws or regulations;
is published in accordance with any necessary licences and/or approvals; and
does not make any misrepresentation or mislead Website users in any way.
The Charity must not use the Website to conduct, display or forward surveys, raffles, lotteries, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
In uploading material to the Website the Charity will allow the public to access and use that material.
Other than:
personally identifiable information, which is provided for in our Privacy Policy; and
any Charity trade marks, which the Charity hereby grants us a non-exclusive royalty free licence to use;
any material uploaded to the Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we will therefore have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.
The Charity may create a hypertext link from the Website to a website which it operates, but only if that link does not affect the ability of any Website user to return to the previous site he or she had visited.
The Charity must inform us of any claim made in relation to content which it has posted on the Website, or material relating to such content, and in particular ensure that we have a reasonable opportunity to comment on the terms of any proposed payment or settlement of any such claim or proceedings.
We reserve the right to remove for any reason content uploaded by the Charity.
Donation Facility
After the 31st July 2018 Charity Choice will no longer run our own donation facility. Instead charities will now be able to link to the donation facility of their choice. Charity Choice will not be responsible for ANY donation queries arising from donations made via these external links to a charities own website or choice of donation facility. Any donations prior ro this date will be subject to our pre-31st July 2018  terms and conditions which are available on request.
Communications with Website users
The Charity may, following the receipt of a donation, send an initial acknowledgement e-mail to a donor, confirming and thanking the donor for the donation. Otherwise, the Charity may not correspond with Website users directly unless users have expressly opted in to receive such correspondence.
The Charity shall not provide a donor with any gift, prize or any other form of incentive in connection with the making of any donation by the donor.
Paid-for services
We offer a range of marketing tools and services for charities and we may contact the Charity from time to time with information relating to these services.
Terminating our services
We reserve the right to suspend or permanently deny the Charity's use of the Website or its associated services for any reason, or to close the Website, or to otherwise terminate these Terms.
The Charity may de-register from the Website at any time. The request must be made in writing and we shall remove all information uploaded by the Charity onto the Website within a reasonable time of receiving the request. The Terms will continue to apply to the Charity's past use of the Website. Please note that f you have booked advertising your order terms and conditions will apply.
Any waiver by us of any breach of any obligation arising under the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of any other breach and any failure to exercise or partial exercise by us of any remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right subsequently to exercise that or any other remedy.
A person who is not a party to these Terms has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of these Terms.
If any provision of the Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid unlawful or unenforceable for any reason then such part will be severed from the remainder of this agreement, which will continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
The Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales, and the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us. All prior agreements, negotiations and representations (save for fraudulent misrepresentation) whether oral or in writing are cancelled in their entirety.
We may revise these Terms at any time and will inform the Charity of any such changes. The Charity's continued use of the Website following the issuance of such revised Terms will be deemed acceptance by the Charity of the revised terms.
We may contact the Charity by telephone, post or e-mail in relation to these Terms.
GDPR
This clause sets out the responsibilities of Wilmington Publishing and Information Ltd (‘WPI’), and the Customer in relation to the General Data Protection Regulation and any other applicable data protection law (Data Protection Law). Any terms or words defined in Data Protection Law and used in this clause relating to personal data shall have the meaning set out in Data Protection Law. Where WPI processes any personal data in relation to services or products covered by these Terms and Conditions, it does so as a data controller on its own behalf (including in order to comply with its obligations and exercise its rights under this agreement), and shall comply with Data Protection Law in respect of such processing. Where the Customer provides any personal data in relation to this agreement, it warrants that it does so in compliance with Data Protection Law and that WPI may, under Data Protection Law, process such data as required or anticipated by this agreement, and the Customer shall be responsible for any costs, losses or expenses WPI incurs or suffers as a result of breach of such warranty.
By booking a delegate place at a WPI or Smee & Ford Ltd (‘S&F’) event and providing contact details, or other personal data in relation to attendees at a sponsored event, you authorise WPI and S&F to share this information with sponsors and other commercial partners involved in the event, in order for them to operate the event, send direct marketing to those attendees, and as otherwise required by them. These organisations are acting as data controllers in their own right, and you should refer to their own privacy policies if you have any questions or concerns over their use of such information.  WPI and S&F are not responsible for, and shall not be liable in any way in respect of, such third parties’ use of personal data. Please e-mail enquiries@charitychoice.co.uk if you do not wish to receive information from our commercial partners.
By registering with the site you agree with these Terms. By registering, you confirm that you have authority to bind the Charity. If you refuse to accept these Terms, the Charity will not be able to register (or continue to be registered, as the case may be) with the Website.
We recommend that you print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computer for future reference.
Top of page
General
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with Us
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Charity Supporters
Download a charity report
Donate
Find an event
Leave a gift in your Will
Volunteer
Offer Goods
Charities
Create a microsite
Help For Charities
Promote your event
Find volunteers
Find offered goods
Book Store
Charity Terms & Conditions
Follow Us
© 2020 Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd, a division of Wilmington plc.
Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd is a company registered in England & Wales with company number 03368442 GB.
Registered office: 5th Floor, The White Chapel Building, 10 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 8QS.
VAT NO.GB 899 3725 51