http://www.portsmouth.anglican.org/privacy
Diocese of Portsmouth website disclaimer and privacy policy
Diocese of Portsmouth
Find a Church
Job Vacancies
Safeguarding
live | pray | serve
Information for Parishes
Your Privacy
Search
Go
MenuClose
search
Our Faith
Who we are
What we do
News and Events
Contact Us
Our Faith
Who we are
What we do
News and Events
Contact Us
Home
Website Disclaimer & Privacy
Portsmouth Anglican Diocese (portsmouth.anglican.org.uk)
Glossary of terms
‘We’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘Portsmouth Diocese’:Portsmouth Diocesan Board of Finance - A company limited by guarantee Reg. No. 226466 / Charity No. 249256
Disclaimer
This policy was last updated on the: 24th May 2018
Information on this website is providedfor general purpose information only, unless otherwise stated (for example in relation to documents held under ‘Information for Parishes’ section (in the main navigation) of the website which is for use solely by those employed by or an officer of a parish church or fresh expression within The Diocese of Portsmouth) and is subject to change without notice.
Your regular review of these terms is assumed with your continued use of the website.
We do not provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or sustainability of the information and materials found and offered on this website for any particular purpose.
Despite our best efforts this website in whole may contain errors, we do not accept liability for loss or damage caused by inaccurate information.
For use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products/services or information available including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from the loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with the use of this website meet you specific requirements; in no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequentialloos or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from the loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with the use of this website.
We may include links to and from other sites, by following these links you are agreeing to the respective sites own terms and policies; ‘we’ hold not obligation or further contract once you have left the pages of our site and accept no responsibility or liability for the contents of these sites or their terms.
We hold no control over the content of such sites and disclaim any liability in respect of your use of such sites.
We do not like spam, and will never knowingly send spam to you.
We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute or make public your personal information without your permissions.
About
Diocese of Portsmouth are committed to protecting the personal information of our users. This policy answers some important questions about how ‘we’ collect, use and protect your personal details including:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through this website (https://www.portsmouth.anglican.org), how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding your data
Security procedures ‘we’ have in place to protect your personal information
information about our cookies policy.
For information regarding the Portsmouth Diocesan
data privacy notice (non website) please
click here
How and Why we collect information
As with the vast majority of websites, this website automatically collects information relating to requests sent via your computer/web browser, this information is used for system administration, bug tracking, site misuse and statistical information related to the usage of the website. The information collected will be kept and reviewed periodically.
Information is also collected through our online contact forms and email links – we will use your information to reply to your communication but it is never shared with third parties without your consent (except through that of our website development company ‘Developer Society Limited’)
What we collect
When using our website we sometimes receive personal information about you. For example, if you fill in a contact form you will tell us who you are and how we can contact you, any comment you might make and any message you leave/submit through contact forms.
We will also collect
anonymised browsing information, through Google Analytics such as:
Page Information
URL – the URL of the page the user is viewing
Title – the title of the page the user is viewing
Browser Information
Browser name – the browser the user is using
Viewport or Viewing pane – the size of the browser window
Screen resolution – the resolution of the user’s screen
Java enabled – whether or not the user has Java enabled
User Information
Location – this is derived from the IP address where the hit originated. The IP address itself is anonymized and cannot be seen
Language – derived from the language settings of the browser
Date and time you visit our website
Device –The type of device your using (Desktop, mobile, tablet), branding model and marketing name of your device (if available) and your service provider
Source/Medium - where your came from. The Source is the place you were are before seeing coming to our website, like a search engine or another website. The Medium describes how you arrived at our website.
Viewing behaviour – includes information of which pages you visit, which page you viewed beforehand, how long you are on a page, what links you clicked and which page you visited next (or if you left the site) – This information is a gathered statistic and cannot be used to personally identify
No personally identifiable information is collected about you unless you explicitly submit that information on this website. We are not able to single out any single user of our website using the data we collect.
Our Google Analytics data retention period is currently set to 26months; all new data will reset the retention period of the user identifier with each new event from that user (thus setting the expiration date to current time plus retention period).
How we use this information
Summary statistics are extracted from the data collected, some of which may be made publicly available – however these will not include any personal information by which individuals could be identified.
If you pass information to us through the website including contact information we may use this to reply to your communication, provide you with services (eg. Newsletters), alert you to other relative information, events, news, etc. We will keep your information confidential and generally we will only use your information within the Diocese of Portsmouth
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Third Parties
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how visitors use this site. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are small text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form.
The anonymised information generated by Google Analytics cookies about your use of this website is transmitted directly to Google. This information is processed to compile statistical reports on website activity for this website only. The Diocese of Portsmouth use these reports to evaluate aggregate visitor usage so that we can optimise the content, and its marketing, to better meet your needs.
For an overview of privacy at Google (
www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy)
To find out how Google Analytics anonymises IP addresses (
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=en)
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the Diocese of Portsmouth website
Developer Society Limited
Website hosting
Account information
Contact forms
Share This
Online social media sharing service
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.
To learn more about cookies, you can visit
www.aboutcookies.org. You will also find details on how to block and delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
You can find out more about cookies and how they work from Directgov (
https://www.gov.uk/help/cookies)
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of ‘portsmouth.anglican.org/’ website
The Cookies We Use
Sessionid
About this cookie:This is a very generic cookie name that may have different purposes on different sites, but generally it will be some kind of anonymous session identifier.
The main purpose of this cookie is: Strictly Necessary
Csrftoken
About this cookie:This cookie is associated with the Django web development platform for Python. It is designed to help protect a site against at particular type of software attack on web forms.
The main purpose of this cookie is: Strictly Necessary
The Developer Society (Dev.ngo)
Glitter_sidebar
About this cookie:
The main purpose of this cookie is:
Functionality
Google Analytics
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
This data helps us to understand:
Which pages people visit on the site
Which internet browsers are being used
What is popular on the site
Which interactive tools are used by visitors
Our Google Analytics data retention period is currently set to 26months; all new data will reset the retention period of the user identifier with each new event from that user (thus setting the expiration date to current time plus retention period).
All data collected is visible only to the communications team and the secretary at Portsmouth Diocese and is translated into average stats when sharing with a wider team – this information is never shared with third parties.
You can find out more about Google’s cookies on their privacy policy: www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.
You can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out tools in your browser: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.js Tracking info
Session timeout – 30mins
Campaign timeout – 6months
_gid
About this cookie:
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
The main purpose of this cookie is: Performance
_gat
About this cookie:This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics, according to documentation it is used to throttle the request rate - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes.
The main purpose of this cookie is: Performance
_ga
About this cookie:This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.
The main purpose of this cookie is: Performance
__utma
About this cookie:This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
The main purpose of this cookie is: Performance
Share This
These cookies…
__unam
About this cookie:This cookie is usually associated with the ShareThis social sharing widget placed in a site to enable sharing of content across various social networks. It counts clicks and shares of a page.
The main purpose of this cookie is: Functionality
The “__unam” cookie is set as part of the ShareThis service and monitors “click-stream” activity, e.g. web pages viewed and navigated, and time spent on pages.
We are advised that the ShareThis service only personally identifies you if you have separately signed up with ShareThis for an account with them and given them your consent.
YouTube & Vimeo
If you play an embedded video on our site, there may a cookie set by YouTube or Vimeo containing anonymous, non-personally-identifiable information (unless you are logged in to a google account, if so you can find your privacy settings within your account settings) about the number of playbacks of embedded videos. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page. You can find out more on the Google Privacy Policy (Google owns YouTube):
www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacyand the Vimeo Privacy Policy: http://vimeo.com/privacy
Copyright & Photography
Any resources from the Diocese of Portsmouth website are free for reproduction in your Parish newsletter, magazine or website. However, if you produce a newsletter or website which is not directly affiliated with the Diocese (a ‘local digest’ magazine, for example, or news from another religion/denomination) and you would like to use these resources, please gain permission from our Communications Officer.
Photographs within this website may not be reproduced for any purpose without prior permission which must be obtained in writing from the Communications Officer or Webmaster. If you would like to know more about copyright in images please contact the Communications Officer or Webmaster.
Who to talk to
If you would like to know more about the Diocese of Portsmouth, our website or would like some advice about related information please contact our webmaster.
Miscellaneous
It is important for you to appreciate that this website provides extensive links to other independent websites, both within the Church of England and outside. This policy only applies to direct access to the Portsmouth Anglican website – URLs starting with https://www.portsmouth.anglican.org/
We are not responsible for the availability or content (including cookies) of external sites that may be linked to, from the site. If you find a broken link or if you have any questions or concerns about a link, please contact our webmaster:
webmaster@portsmouth.anglican.org
We are committed to protecting your personal data but if for some reason you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (ico.org.uk).
We would be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
To exercise all relevant rights, queries, access or complaints please in the first instance contact the Diocesan Secretary either by
email or by post: Diocese of Portsmouth, First Floor, Peninsular House, Wharf Road, Portsmouth PO2 8HB.
To find out more about your personal information and what you can do visit the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office) website:
ico.org.uk/for-the-public.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113, via
email or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF.
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Diocese of Portsmouth
First Floor, Peninsular House, Wharf Road,
Portsmouth PO2 8HB.     023 9289 9650
Our Faith
Prayer,
Stories,
FAQ,
Parish Life: The New Phase
Who we are
Bishop of Portsmouth,
About Portsmouth Diocese,
Cathedral,
Find a Chaplain,
Readers
What we do
Safeguarding,
Pioneer ministry,
Life Events,
Schools and education,
Social Justice,
Discipleship,
Children and Young People
News and Events
Thy Kingdom Come,
Latest News,
Events Calendar,
Magazine,
eBulletin,
Training Events,
Prayer Diary,
Studying in Portsmouth?,
Becket anniversary
Contact Us
Bishop and Senior Clergy,
Senior Diocesan Staff,
Communications,
DAC, Synod & Central Services,
Mission, Discipleship and Ministry,
Education,
Finance,
IT,
Property,
Social Justice,
Webmaster
Find a Church
Job Vacancies
Safeguarding
live | pray | serve
Information for Parishes
Your Privacy
Copyright © 2020 Diocese of Portsmouth, Privacy. Design by DEV.
Church of England