https://www.caddosheriff.org/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
Home
How We Protect Your Privacy
Thank you for visiting the Caddo Parish Sheriff's Office website and reviewing our privacy policy. We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information.
Your Personal Information
Information that is collected through our contact form is used to help enhance our website. It may be used internally by the Caddo Parish Sheriff's Office for that purpose alone.
We do not use cookies to track information. A cookie is a file that is placed on your hard drive from some websites that you may visit, sometimes without the knowledge of the user. If you would like to guarantee that no cookies are being used, you can turn off cookies in your browser's preferences.
Traffic Analysis and Security
We do analyze user traffic patterns on our website automatically through your browser. This information includes the IP address of your computer or network, current date, current time, your browser and operating system, the page(s) you visited on our website, and the referring page (page that you came from). At times, we may track the keywords entered into our search engines from all users to find out which topics are popular although we don't keep track of specific words that any one user enters.
We only use this information to measure server performance, to improve the content on our website, and to guarantee a high level of security for all users. Unauthorized attempts to upload or modify information in any way are forbidden. Users who are visiting the Caddo Parish Sheriff's Office website are also expressly consenting to this monitoring of network traffic.
External Link Policies
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Caddo Parish Sheriff's Office may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Caddo Parish Sheriff's Office's sole discretion. Caddo Parish Sheriff's Office encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Tough on Crime. Careful with your Money.
0
Employees
0
Residents
0
9-1-1 Calls in 2019
Resources
Ticket Payments
Court/Probation Payments
Pay Property Taxes
Currently Housed Inmates
Sex Offender Registry
Sheriff's Sale
Press Releases
Warrants
Harassment Policy
Reports
Accident Reports
Incident Reports
Report It!
Tips & Information
Internet Safety
S.O.S. Program
Identity Theft
Programs
Programs
Safety Town
Crime Stoppers
D.A.R.E.
Camps & Classes
Videos
Animal Safety Video
Litter Prevention Video
Bike Safety Video
Scams Video
Home Alone Video
Victims Services Video
Flood Committee Presentation
Bush School Red River Power Point
Capstone Report
Communication
Contact Us
Public Records Request
Patrol Request
Event Calendar
Report Fraud
Mailing Address
Caddo Parish Sheriff's OFfice
501 Texas Street Room 101
Shreveport, LA 71101
welcome@caddosheriff.org
Get Driving Directions
Privacy Policy
CPSO Phone Directory
Google Play
App Store