http://www.cto.int/terms-of-service/
Home
About
News and media
Press Releases
e-COMMONWEALTH
Our organisation
Commonwealth ICT Awards 2018
CTO’s 115th Anniversary
Mission and Vision
Executive Committee
SG Corner
Secretariat
Strategic Plan 2016 – 2020
Governance
Working for us
Commonwealth Professional Fellowships – 2018
Fellowships
Internships
Current vacancies
Ethical framework
The CTO – a brief history
Annual reports
Commonwealth Candidates for ITU Plenipotentiary 2018
Membership
Our members
Full Member Countries
Affiliate Member Countries
ICT Sector Members
Academia
Current PDT members
Membership benefits
Full Member Countries
Affiliate Member Countries
ICT Sector Members
Academia
PDT members
How to join
Our partners
Alumni
Organisations to which CTO belongs
Consultancy
CTO OTT Study
OTT questionnaire
Projects
CTO Consultancy Projects
Development Assistant Programme Projects
Multi-stakeholder partnerships for ICT4D
Key partnership publications
ICT Knowledge Bank
Papers and presentations by the Secretariat
CTO seminars
CTO Consultancy Group
CTO Consultants
How to join
Training
Course schedule
Course catalogue
PDT
PDT members
Join the PDT
Useful Learning Resources
Our Facilities
Events
Upcoming CTO events
CTO supported events
Calls for papers
Supporting CTO events
Past events
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
Strategic goals
Universal broadband
Mobile broadband Key readings
Mobile broadband Web links
Cybersecurity
Cyberhygiene
National Strategies
Key readings
Web links
Commonwealth Internet Governance Forum
Regulation
Key readings
Web links
Commonwealth coordination
Contact Us
Terms of service
Privacy Policy
Cookie policy
Terms of service
AGREEMENT BETWEEN USER AND CTO.int
The CTO.int website is comprised of various web pages operated by CTO.int. The CTO.int website is offered to you conditional on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the CTO.int website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE
CTO.int reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the CTO.int website is offered, including but not limited to any charges associated with the use of the CTO.int website.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The CTO.int website may contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). Such Linked Sites are not under the control of CTO.int and CTO.int is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. CTO.int is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. CTO.int is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by CTO.int of the site or any association with its operators.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the CTO.int website, you warrant to CTO.int that you will not use the CTO.int website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the CTO.int website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the CTO.int website or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the CTO.int website. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the CTO.int websites.
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES
The CTO.int website may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”). You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
CTO.int has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, CTO.int reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. CTO.int reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
CTO.int reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in CTO.int’s sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. CTO.int does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, CTO.int specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized CTO.int spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of CTO.int.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
MATERIALS PROVIDED TO CTO.int OR POSTED AT ANY CTO.int WEBSITE
CTO.int does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to CTO.int (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any CTO.int website or its associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting CTO.int, its affiliated companies and necessary sub licensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. CTO.int is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in CTO.int’s sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the submissions.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
The information, software, products, and services included in or available through the CTO.int website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. changes are periodically added to the information herein. CTO.int and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the CTO.int website at any time. advice received via the CTO.int website should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
CTO.int and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the CTO.int website for any purpose. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. CTO.int and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall CTO.int and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the cto.int web site, with the delay or inability to use the CTO.int website or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the cto.int web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the CTO.int website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if CTO.int or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. if you are dissatisfied with any portion of the CTO.int website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the CTO.int website.
TERMINATION/ACCESS RESTRICTION
CTO.int reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the CTO.int website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. CTO.int’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of CTO.int’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the CTO.int website or information provided to or gathered by CTO.int with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and CTO.int with respect to the CTO.int website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and CTO.int with respect to the CTO.int website. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES:
All contents of the CTO.int website are: Copyright 2012 by CTO. All rights reserved.
TRADEMARKS
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
NOTICES AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Copyright: CTO, United Kingdom. All Right Reserved on Web Site contents, including any attachments.
© 2017 CTO All rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Contact Us
Events terms of service
Categories
Commonwealth IGF
Uncategorized
Contact Info
64 – 66 Glenthorne RoadLondon, W6 0LRUnited Kingdom
info@cto.int
+44 20 8600 3800
+44 20 8600 3819
Quick Navigation
Membership
Training
Events
Nearby hotels
Research
How to join
ICT data
Search for:
Connect with us
Join Us on Facebook
Twitter
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks