http://www.family-forest.co.uk/familytree/common/privacy-policy.shtml
Home
Family Photo Albums
Full Name Index
Surnames
Biographies/Memories
Places
Wills Index
Hints And Tips
Genealogy Shop
Family Links
Search
Privacy
Policy
Privacy Policy
Although we does not collect any personal data on living persons
you should be aware that advertisers on this site may use Cookies
or Web Beacons. Our web hosting company also keeps
log files.
Log Files
Most Web site servers use log files. This includes
internet service provider (ISP), internet protocol (IP) addresses,
browser type, platform type, referring and exit pages and date/time
stamp. This information may beused to analyse traffic and user trends,
administer the site, track a user’s movement and to gather
demographic information. IP addresses are not linked to personally
identifiable information.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a website may place
on your computer's hard drive to allow a website to identify you.
The use of cookies is a common practice on many
websites. For example, if you allow a website to remember your login
name or password, the website places a cookie on your computer.
Cookies cannot read any other information on your
hard drive. We may place cookies on your computer to allow us to
identify you. We may use cookies to measure web traffic, to offer
you certain services, and to customize your visit.
If you don't want to have cookies placed on your hard drive or
would like to be notified when a a cookie is being placed on your
computer system, your Internet browser may have
tools to allow you to configure these options.
Web Beacons
A web beacon, also referred to as a web
bug, is a transparent image file that can be used to monitor
your navigation around a website or a collection
of sites or web pages.
Web beacons are commonly used by sites that utilise
third-party services to monitor traffic and to analyse how visitors
to a website interact with, and navigate, the content on the pages
of a web site.
Third party Advertisements
We may serve third party advertisements, such
as Google adverts, that may use web beacons or
cookies in the course of adverts being served by
them onto our website, to ascertain how many times you have viewed
an advertisement.
No personally identifiable information is provided to third party
advertisers for cookie or web beacon
use.
Privacy software is available that can be used
to override web beacons.
Search for more information
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
>