https://www.bouldercounty.org/privacy-policy/
Property Search
Jobs
Volunteer
Elections
County Government
Departments
Contact
Boulder County COVID-19 status is at Level RED: “Severe Risk.” Learn more in English and Spanish. See graphic for details.
To report a Public Health order violation, complete this form. Questions about COVID & your business? Email covidbiz@bouldercounty.org.
Families & Adults
Adults & Seniors
Adult Protection Services
Area Agency on Aging
Community Action Programs
Long Term Care
Old Age Pension (OAP)
Workforce Boulder County
Birth Control & Safe Sex
Sexual & Reproductive Health
Pregnant & Parenting Teens (GENESIS)
Child Protection
Child Support Services
Child Abuse or Neglect
Early Intervention
Post-Adoption Support
Disease Prevention
Animal-Borne Illness
Bed Bugs
Body Art
Contagious Disease
Syringe Access
West Nile Virus
Financial & Transportation Assistance
Aid to the Needy, Disabled, & Blind
Child Care Assistance Program (CCAP)
Child Care Resources
Temporary Aid to Needy Families (TANF)
Old Age Pension
Personal Finance Coaching
Mobility for All
Women, Infants, & Children (WIC)
Food Assistance & Safety
Food Assistance
Food Safety
Foster Care & Adoption
Foster Parenting
Orientation Registration
Post-Adoption Support
Three60 Foster Care
Waiting Children
Get Involved
Community of Hope
Teen Mentoring Program
Volunteer Opportunities
Housing & Energy
Affordable Rentals
Energy Efficiency
Family Self-Sufficiency
Housing Choice Vouchers
Housing Developments
Rental Assistance
LGBTIQ
Older Adults
Youth (OASOS)
Medical Assistance
Child Health Plan Plus (CHP+)
Health First Colorado
Health Insurance Assistance
Healthy Kids and Adults
Medicare
Pregnancy & Parenting
Child Care
Children with Special Needs
First-Time Parents (Nurse-Family Partnership)
Immunizations
Parents as Teachers (PAT)
Pregnant & Parenting Teens (GENESIS)
Substance Use & Mental Health
Women, Infants, & Children (WIC)
Substance Use & Addiction
High Risk Drinking
Help for Someone Abusing Drugs or Alcohol
Marijuana Health Impacts
Overdose Prevention & Response
Substance Abuse Classes
Youth & Adolescents
Healthy Youth Alliance
Pregnancy Prevention
Support at School
Teen Mentoring Program
Open Space & Recreation
Activities & Events
Educational Services & Museums
Fairgrounds
Get Involved
Maps & GIS
Open Space Management
Parks & Trails
Property & Land
Assessor
A-Z
Appeals
Assessments & Valuations
Business Personal Property
Deeds & Liens
Exemptions
Help & Forms
Property Data & Sales
Property Taxes
Special Property Types
Board of Equalization
Building Permits
Community Planning & Permitting
Floodplain Management
Forest Health & Wildfire
Plats, Maps & GIS
Land Surveying Information
Treasurer
Weed Management
Roads & Transportation
Bikes, Transit & Mobility
Closures & Construction
Maps & GIS
Permits & Requests
Plans & Projects
Public Works
Transportation Planning
Environment & Sustainability
Air
Composting
Hazardous Waste
Hazardous Materials Management Facility (HMMF)
Healthy Home
Oil & Gas Development
Recycling
Drop-Off Centers
Recycling Center
Resource Conservation Division
Office of Sustainability, Climate Action & Resilience
Trash & Hauling
Hauler License
Recycling Rebates
Water
Safety & Law
Animals & Pests
Animal Control
Coroner’s Office
Court Related Services
Crime Data
Boulder County Drug Task Force
Crime Map
File a Report Online
Crisis Support
District Attorney
Emergency
Emergency Notification System
Office of Emergency Management
Fire
Burn Permits
Fire Management
Fire Restriction
Firearms
Concealed Handgun Permit
Food Safety
Jail & Community Service
Bond Commissioners
Community Justice Services
Community Service Sentencing
Boulder County Jail
Daily Booking & Listing Report
Visitation Schedule
Report a Concern
Animal Control
Sheriff
Boulder County Jail
Sheriff Contact Us
Join Our Team
Law Enforcement
News & Information
Services
Victim & Witness Support
Restorative Justice
Victim Assistance Resources
Volunteer Victim Assistance Program
Licenses, Permits & Records
Motor Vehicle
Licenses
Hauler License
Liquor License
Marijuana License
Marriage License
Restaurant & Food Vendor Licensing
Permits
Records
Privacy Policy and Legal Information
Boulder County / Privacy Policy and Legal Information
Privacy Policy and Legal Information
Privacy Statement
Information Routinely Collected
Cookies
Google Analytics
Use of Constituent Email Addresses
Personally Identifiable Information
Online Profiling
Content Pushing
Advertising
Linkage Policy
Security
Disclaimer
Accessibility
Privacy Statement
Personally Identifiable Information on Casual Visitors Not Collected and Retained
For the purposes of this statement “personally identifiable information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information.
Residents do not have to provide personal information to visit Boulder County’s Internet Portal to read, download or print information. Government agencies may request personally identifiable information from you in order to provide specific services that you request. Any information collected for that purpose would be only that which is necessary to provide those services and will be handled as it would be on an in-person visit to a government office.
Some Unidentifiable Information Routinely Collected
In order to provide new services, design a more customer friendly site and facilitate access to it, Boulder County analyzes traffic on the site. Information that is not personally identifiable such as web pages or services accessed, IP (Internet Protocol) addresses, date, time, and browser types and versions are collected and used for this purpose. The site does not attempt to associate this data with information that is personally identifiable (such as an email address).
Cookies
The County does not monitor your web-browsing activities with cookies. However, cookies may be used by some County applications (e.g. property search, listserver, e-commerce, etc.) when necessary to complete a transaction, to process data submitted to us online or to pass information from one Web page to another.
If you choose to share personal information, such as sending a message, or filling out an electronic form with personal information, this information will be used to fulfill the request for which the information was submitted. This may require that the information be shared with another County department.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Use of Constituent Email Addresses
Email addresses obtained as a result of a request to the County site will not be sold or given to other private companies for marketing purposes. Email or other information requests sent to the County Web site may be maintained in order to respond to the request or to forward the request to the appropriate department. Individuals may be able to receive updates on issues important to them, but only if they choose to “opt-in” to that specific service. By “opting-in” to one such service they do not “opt-in” to other services. Should they subsequently choose not to receive such informational updates via email they can remove themselves at any time.
Personally Identifiable Information Available On Governmental Websites
All content contained within or associated with the Boulder County Internet is subject to the provisions of the Colorado Public (Open) Records Act, §24-72-201 et.seq., C.R.S., as amended. Information that is not confidential and is available during an in-person visit to a government office may be posted for electronic access through Boulder County’s Internet portal.
Online Profiling
Online Profiling is the practice of aggregating information about residents preferences and interests, gathered primarily by tracking their movements online, and using the resulting citizen profiles to create targeted content on Websites. Boulder County does not conduct or participate in online profiling.
Content Pushing
Content pushing is the automatic delivery of applications and information to users and includes the use of broadcast email. Such services will be provided only with the prior authorization of the citizen on an opt-in basis for each specific service, citizens must be able to remove themselves from that service at any time via the World Wide Web. Opting-in for one service does not constitute opting-in for all services. In order to opt-in the citizen must be informed exactly what service they are requesting, what information is required in order to provide that service, and how to subsequently remove themselves from that service should they choose to do so.
Advertising
All forms of advertising are prohibited on the County website.
Linkage Policy
The Boulder County website, www.bouldercounty.org and any domain names that point to sites therein are provided as a public service. The sites are overseen by the Boulder County Information Technology Department but are managed by individual departments. Boulder County makes no representations, guarantees, or warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, or suitability of the information provided via the website. Boulder County specifically disclaims any and all liability for any claims or damages that may result from providing the site or the information it contains, including any websites maintained by third parties and linked to the County’s website. The responsibility for content rests with the organizations that are providing the information. The inclusion of links from these sites does not imply endorsement by the Boulder County. Specific questions regarding any content should be directed to the appropriate organization. Boulder County makes no effort to independently verify, and does not exert editorial control over, information on pages outside of the County’s website. Boulder County does not endorse any of the products, vendors, consultants, or documentation referenced in this website. Any mention of vendors, products, or services is for informational purposes only.
Linking to Boulder County
Linking to the Boulder County website is permitted under limited conditions. If you link to this site, you may not portray any person or subject in a false or misleading light. You must also refrain from creating frames, or using other visual altering tools, around the Boulder County pages. Lastly, you may not imply that Boulder County is endorsing your product or services.
Security
Data Security and Quality
Boulder County is committed to security and accuracy of personally identifiable data that is either available from or collected by governmental websites, and has taken reasonable precautions to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration. Any third parties responsible for this information are committed to the same principles, and also are required by contract to follow the same policies and guidelines as Boulder County in protecting this information. Unless otherwise prohibited by state or federal law, rule or regulation, the individual has the right to have personally identifiable information that is inaccurate corrected.
Warning
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this website, including unauthorized alterations to the wording of any online forms available on the site, are strictly prohibited. Alteration of the wording of downloadable or online forms renders the forms invalid. Unauthorized interference with the operations and functions of this website, by electronic or other means, is strictly prohibited. Any attempt to use any information, feature, or other aspect of the site to engage in criminal conduct will be vigorously prosecuted. Any unlawful actions may be subject to criminal prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986, and other criminal laws, and may also result in civil liability.
Disclaimer
Boulder County expects that its website information is accurate, that online transactions are secure, and that all material aspects of the site function properly. However, Boulder County makes no warranties whatsoever in relation to the site, and users rely upon it at their own risk. Boulder County specifically disclaims the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Boulder County reserves the right to make changes, corrections and/or improvements at any time and without notice. In addition, Boulder County disclaims any and all liability for damages incurred directly or indirectly as a result of errors, omissions or discrepancies.
This site is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. You should not assume that this site is error-free or that it will be suitable for the particular purpose which you have in mind when using it.
In no event shall Boulder County be liable for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this site or other documents which are referenced by or linked to this site.
Accessibility
Accessibility for visitors to the Boulder County website is very important to us. This site uses accessibility guidelines set by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). A primary mission of the W3C has been to maintain the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI).
For those unfamiliar with accessibility issues pertaining to web page design, consider that many users may be operating in contexts very different from your own:
They may not be able to see, hear, move, or may not be able to process some types of information easily or at all.
They may have difficulty reading or comprehending text.
They may not have or be able to use a keyboard or mouse.
They may have a text-only screen, a small screen, or a slow Internet connection.
They may not speak or understand fluently the language in which the document is written.
They may be in a situation where their eyes, ears, or hands are busy or interfered with (e.g., driving to work, working in a loud environment, etc.).
They may have an early version of a browser, a different browser entirely, a voice browser, or a different operating system.
In an effort to insure access to as many of our residents as possible, we are working to meet Conformance Level A for the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020. Boulder County, CO. All Rights Reserved.