http://www.churchpartner.com/privacy/
Your Account
Shopping Cart
Questions? 1-800-572-0550
Clearance Sale
What's New
The Salvation Army Preferred Product Catalog
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Contact Us
Home
Browse Categories
Your Account
Forms & Applications
About Us
Shopping Cart
Church Furniture & Church Chairs
Church & Worship Supplies
Church Nursery Furniture
VBS
Christian Education
Classroom and School Furniture
Floor Care Equipment
Preschool Furniture and Products
Books, Bibles & Calendars
Gifts, Decor & Specialty Items
Health and Safety
Audio-Visual
Christmas
Easter
The Salvation Army Preferred Product Catalog
Manufacturers
Office Depot Ordering
Privacy & Security Statement
ChurchPartner.com is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our customers and others who visit our website. This statement explains our practices on collecting and distributing information and clarifies how we use and protect personal identifiable information that we obtain from our website.
Types of Information Collected
Personal Information
ChurchPartner.com uses personal information so that we may better understand your needs and interests and provide superior service. At ChurchPartner.com, you can order products, request samples or information on our products as well as our procedures.
On these pages, you may need to include your name, address, phone number, email address, billing and shipping information and credit card information. We may also ask you to provide us with optional information dealing with how you found us so that we may better understand our marketing efforts, the result of which help save more you, the customer, money.
When you visit our site, we anonymously collect system information about your computer, such as the IP address. Cookies are small files put on your hard drive by a website. They act as a distinctive identifier for your computer, but cannot be used to recognize any individual. We use cookies to understand how our customers access our site, how often they access our site and whether or not they completed a purchase. We use this information for internal reporting and to enhance the experience of our customers at our website.
How Do We Protect the Security of Your Information?
If you enter your credit card information to purchase items from ChurchPartner.com, that information is encrypted and protected with industry standard encryption software. Secure Socket Layer technology (SSL) is used to guard such information and assure you that credit card transactions are secure.
We protect our databases using numerous physical, technical and procedural measures and restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. Our information systems are preserved behind a software firewall to separate them from access by other networks connected to the Internet. All information transmitted through ChurchPartner.com is maintained on our secure server. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology is the electronic commerce standard for securing information as it is sent over the Internet. SSL technology is formulated to encrypt your information, and thus prevent an unauthorized party from viewing and downloading this material. Your web browser should display a web address with an "https" prefix, signifying that the SSL technology is functioning when using specific portions of our site (such as the checkout process)
You can click on the Authorize.net logo below to verify that our SSL Certificate is valid.
ChurchPartner is completely PCI (Payment Card Industry) Data Security Standard compliant.
The PCI DSS, a set of comprehensive requirements for enhancing payment account data security, was developed by the founding payment brands of the PCI Security Standards Council, including American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB International, MasterCard Worldwide and Visa Inc. Inc. International, to help facilitate the broad adoption of consistent data security measures on a global basis. ChurchPartner renews this compliance twice yearly with a full review of both on-line and internal security measures taken to protect the customers confidential information.
For more information on PCI compliance, go to www.pcisecuritystandards.org.
Is Information Shared with Third Parties?
ChurchPartner.com has been able to grow and expand its product based upon years of trust built up between ourselves and our customer base. To that end, your name, company name, address, and email address, and phone number will only be used for order confirmations, to communicate about your order and for the company's email newsletters. We appreciate your business and want to keep you as a valued customer of ChurchPartner.com.
By necessity, we need to provide your information to trustworthy organizations that assist in completing your order. These organizations include manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, publishers, companies that validate and process credit card transactions, deliver your packages, schedule and perform product installations and manage service programs.
Opting-Out (Unsubscribing)
If you would prefer to be excluded from our e-mail newsletter service, please contact us electronically, use the opt-out button on any of our e-mail newsletters, twitters, Linked-In communications, ‘un-friend” us on our Facebook site, or call us at (800) 572-0550 and we will gladly remove your name from any or all of our communication services. Please allow 2–3 weeks for this process.
Who Should I Contact for More Information?
If you have any questions regarding the privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your interactions with this site, please click our Contact Us link or call us by phone at 1-800-572-0550, or in writing to:
ChurchPartner Resource
8100 Southpark Way, Ste A-9
Littleton, CO 80120
8100 Southpark Way, Ste A-9, Littleton, CO 80120
303-794-4606
1-800-572-0550
Fax: 303-794-4460
About Us
Privacy & Security
Sitemap
© 2020 Church Partner. All rights reserved.