http://www.churchoos.org.uk/privacy-policy
Home
About us
Charities we support
Hire and Lettings
Worship
Giving
Connect with us
Christmas 2020 services
I’m new
Little Free Pantry
Our services
Pastoral Care
Sunday morning fellowship
My Picnic Bag
The Clothes Rail
Our Groups
Watch our services
What's happening
Life Events
Baptism and Thanksgiving
Funeral ministry
Weddings
Calendar
Hire
Safeguarding
Contact
×
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
User anonymity and personal information
Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognised by our web servers.
Aggregated analysis of these log files is used to monitor website usage. These analyses may be made to available to Church of Our Saviour staff to allow them to measure, for example, overall popularity of the site and typical user paths through the site.
Except as stated already, Church of Our Saviour will make no attempt to identify individual users. You should be aware, however, that access to web pages will generally create log entries in the systems of your ISP or network service provider. These entities may be in a position to identify the client computer equipment used to access a page. Such monitoring would be done by the provider of network services and is beyond the responsibility or control of Church of Our Saviour.
Church of Our Saviour will make no attempt to track or identify individual users, except where there is a reasonable suspicion that unauthorised access to systems is being attempted. In the case of all users, Church of Our Saviour reserves the right to attempt to identify and track any individual who is reasonably suspected of trying to gain unauthorised access to computer systems or resources.
As a condition of use of this site, all users must give permission for Church of Our Saviour to use its access logs to attempt to track users who are reasonably suspected of gaining, or attempting to gain, unauthorised access. All log file information collected by Church of Our Saviour is kept secure and no access to raw log files is given to any third party.
Use of cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
The table below explains the cookies that are used on this site and why.
CookieNamePurposeMore information
Google Analytics_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Cookie ControlcivicAllowCookies
civicShowCookieIconCookie Control: When you click "I'm happy with this..." on the Cookie Control user interface, a cookie is set in order to remember your preference. These cookies are set only after the user has given consent to us to use cookies.www.civicuk.com/cookie-law
Expression Engineexp_last_visit
exp_tracker
exp_last_activity
exp_cookies_allowed
This cookie is set by our content management system, Expression Engine and no personal information is stored in them.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.