https://www.mychapterroom.com/privacy/
(888) 998-7496 Login
Chapters
Organizations
Blog
About Us
Contact
Toggle navigation
Chapters
Organizations
Blog
About Us
Contact
Privacy
Privacy Policy
PAZ Communications LLC dba MyChapterRoom. (“MCR”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to those who visit the Websites owned and operated by MCR, as well as users of our Service(s). This Privacy Policy describes how MCR collects, uses, shares and secures the personal information you provide. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. The use of information collected through our Service(s) shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the Customer has engaged MCR. The capitalized terms used in this Policy but not defined herein shall have the same meaning as defined in our Terms of Service (“Terms”).
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at support@mychapterroom.com
How Do We Collect, Use and Share Your Personal Information and Other Information?
Collection
We may collect the following personal information from you within the Websites:
Contact Information, such as name, email address, mailing address, or phone number;
Information about your time spent in college.
We may collect the following personal information from you when you use our Service(s):
Contact Information, such as name, email address, mailing address, IP address, geographic location, or phone number;
Unique Identifiers, such as username, account number or password;
Name and e-mail address when you provide feedback from the Service(s)
Use
We may use the personal information collected from within the Websites or when you use the Service(s) to:
Provide you with the Service(s).
Send you communication from the Service(s).
Respond to customer service requests
Administer your account
Send you promotional and marketing communications
Respond to your questions and concerns
Facilitate your transactions with other users when you use our Service(s).
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided.
Except as outlined in this Policy, your information will never be sold to or shared with other companies or organizations for commercial purposes or otherwise.
Correction or Removal of Personal Information
MCR collects information on behalf of our customers, and has no direct relationship with the individuals with whom our customers may interact using the Service(s). If you are a customer of one of our customers (“End-Customer”) and would no longer like to be contacted by that customer, please contact the customer that you interact with directly. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the MCR’s customer (the data controller). If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at support@mychapterroom.com
Other Information
Other information such as End-Customer device models, IP address, usage patterns are also captured by the Service(s). This information is not used by MCR except in allowing you to view and use this information for targeting future communication with the End-Customers. Content, text or other format created by you or your End-Customers to send or share with other users or End-Customers shall be hosted on MCR’s servers.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain Personal Data we process for as long as an Account is active or as needed to provide the Service(s). If you wish to terminate your Account or request that we no longer use Your Data, please contact us at support@mychapterroom.com We will retain Your Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, maintain other records, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We delete all Your Data on the expiry of 14 days after the termination of your Account, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law.
Processing Personal Information
We are the data processors and not the data controllers of the information on our platform Our partners, who control their customer data and send it to MCR for processing, are the “controllers” of that data and are responsible for compliance. In particular, We work with our partners to help them provide notice to their customers concerning the purpose for which personal information is collected.
We store and process data, including personal information, in the United States. When you access or use our Websites or the Service(s), or otherwise provide information to us, you are consenting, on behalf of you and your authorized agents or End-Customers, (and representing that you have the authority to provide such consent) to the processing and transfer of information in and to the United States and other countries which may have different privacy laws from your or their country of residence. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
We do not own, control or direct the use of the information stored or processed on our platform, and in fact we are largely unaware of what information is being stored on our platform and only access such information as reasonably necessary to provide the Service(s) (including to respond to support requests), as otherwise authorized by our customers or as required by law.
It shall be our customers’ responsibility to inform the End-Customers about and obtain necessary consent for any personal information that is collected through our customer’s use of the Service(s). As the processors of personal information on behalf of our customers, we follow their instructions with respect to the information they control to the extent consistent with the functionality of our Service(s). In doing so, we implement technical, physical and administrative measures against unauthorized processing of such information and against loss, destruction of, or damage to, personal information as more fully described under the section below entitled, “Protection of Information”.
Mobile Applications
When you download, install and use our Mobile Applications, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or “UDID”).
We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Application on your mobile or handheld device. This Mobile Application may record information such as how often you use the Mobile Application, the events that occur within the Mobile Application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the Mobile Application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the Mobile Application.
Analytics
MCR uses third party software for analytics. All metrics information collected from your usage of the Service(s) shall be transmitted to analytics provider. This information is then used to evaluate how users use MCR, and to compile statistical reports on activity for us. We further use the same statistical analytics tool to track or to collect your Personally Identifiable Information (PII). We will use this information in order to maintain, enhance, or add to the functionality of the Service(s) and to personalize the experience for you. Anonymized and aggregated information and analysis may be made public where desired by MCR. Third party analytics software will not share your PII or associate your PII with any other data held by them.
Use of Cookies
When you use our Websites or Service(s), we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on the MCR website. We do not use cookies to spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy. They cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. We use cookies to help you navigate the Websites and Service(s) as easily as possible, and to remember information about your current session. These are the Session Cookies and they are removed from your system when you close the web browser or turn off the computer. You must enable cookies on your web browser to use the Service(s).
You can set your browser to either reject all cookies, to allow only “trusted” websites to set them, or to accept only those cookies from those websites you are currently on. Please note that if you wish to turn off the cookies in your web browser, you might not be able to take advantage of many features of our Service(s).
For more information on controlling cookie settings in your browser, please refer to the following links:
More information on “Incognito” mode and cookie setting in Google Chrome
More information on “InPrivate” and cookie setting in Internet Explorer
More information on “Private Browsing” and cookie setting in FireFox
More information on “Private Browsing” and cookies setting in Safari
To learn how to delete or disable cookies in general, visit www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our Websites contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by MCR. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Websites and to read
the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personal information.
Communications from the Websites
We may use your email address to send our newsletters and/or marketing communications. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, you can opt out by following the instructions contained in the emails you receive or by contacting us at support@mychapterroom.com
We will send you announcements related to the Service(s) on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Service(s) is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of communications which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you may deactivate your Account.
Protection of Information
The Websites and Service(s) have industry standard security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. When you provide us with sensitive information (such as login credentials), we will encrypt that information via Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, we take all reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Websites or via the Service(s) and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we receive your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Additionally, you retain all rights of ownership to your personal data we collect. Except as set forth herein under sections elaborating on use of your personal information above and legal disclosure below we will not sell or share your personal data with any third parties or use your personal data to compete with you. Your privacy and the privacy of your customers are of utmost importance to us. If you have questions about our security you can contact us at support@mychapterroom.com
Testimonials
We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our Websites which may contain personal information. Prior to posting the testimonial, we obtain the customer’s consent to post their name along with their testimonial. If you want your testimonial removed, please contact us at support@mychapterroom.com.
Corrections and Updates
Upon request MCR will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. To request this information please contact us at support@mychapterroom.com.
We allow users of the Service(s) or Website to access, update or modify their information by clicking on the My Profile link in the MCR navigation menu.
Children’s Personal Information
MCR does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our Websites or Service(s). We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through our Service(s) or Websites without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through our Websites or Service(s), please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information and terminate the child’s account from our databases.
Amendments
Amendments to this Policy will be posted to this URL and will be effective when posted. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective. You should frequently visit this Policy to check for amendments. Your continued use of this Websites or the Service(s) following the posting of any amendment, modification, or change to this Policy shall constitute your acceptance of the amendments to this Policy. You can choose to discontinue use of the Websites or Service(s), if you do not accept the terms of this Policy, or any modified version of this Policy.
Legal Disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose your personal data as required by applicable law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process served on us. Your personal data will also be shared between our Group Companies for the activities permitted under this Policy.
Contacting MCR
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your dealings with the MCR, you can contact us at support@mychapterroom.com or via postal mail at PAZ Communications LLC. 88 Milan Rd, Woodbridge, CT 06525.
Chapters
Organizations
Blog
About MCR
Contact
Terms
Privacy
Login
MyChapterRoom
88 Milan Road
Woodbridge, CT 06525
Copyright © 2003 - 2020 All Rights Reserved.
Free Semester!
We know that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, budgets have been cut and it may be difficult to think about spending more money right now. To combat this financial obstacle, we are so excited to announce our free trial for the whole semester.
That’s right, your chapter can use MyChapterRoom for an entire semester for free!
Fill out our interest form below and don’t miss out on this incredible opportunity.
×