https://www.tubman.org/get-help/shelter-housing/about-our-shelter.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
About Our ShelterTubman offers individuals and families a safe place to stay if they are fleeing a violent or traumatic situation. People of all ages and all genders are welcome at Tubman.
People staying at the shelter can expect a safe and friendly environment. You will receive whatever support you need as soon as you walk in the door. You can participate in support groups and create personalized goal and safety plans. You may also be connected to other resources within Tubman and the community that you may need or want. Tubman will connect you with medical services to address any immediate medical needs. Tubman can also connect you to legal help, or mental and chemical health support. A team of advocates will help you get used to living in a shelter and will start working with you on your safety, housing, financial, career, wellness, and other personal goals.
Childcare is available while you attend support groups and activities, or meet with your advocates.
While we do not accept pets, Troop 14706's Silver's Pet Safety Project provides short-term boarding, for up to a week, at local kennels for free or at a reduced cost. If long-term care is needed, there is a statewide pet fostering program called MNAFAS that can help.
If you are in need of shelter, please call our 24-hour crisis and resource line at 612.825.0000 for the most up-to-date information on available space. If our shelter is full or unable to accommodate your family, we will assist you with finding other resources and numbers, including the statewide Day One network of shelters for additional options.
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.