https://www.spurgeons.ac.uk/privacy-notices/
Skip to content
Privacy Notices
College Conference Privacy Notice
Events and Enquiries Privacy Notice
Graduate Privacy Notice
Prospective Students and Applicant Offer Holder Privacy Notice
Staff Applicant Privacy Notice
Staff Privacy Notice
Student Privacy Notice
Supporters Privacy Notice
Survey Privacy Notice
Volunteer Privacy Notice
Website Privacy Notice
Partner Organisations
Baptist Union of Great Britain
BMS World Mission
Eastern Baptist Association
London Baptist Association
South Eastern Baptist Association
Liverpool Hope University
Institute for Pastoral Supervision & Counselling
Copyright © 2018 Spurgeon’s College. Spurgeon’s College is a registered charity no. 1096721 and a company limited by guarantee no. 04418151 registered in England.
Contact Us Main Phone: 020 8653 0850
Email: enquiries@spurgeons.ac.uk
Admissions Direct Line: 020 8683 8462
Email: admissions@spurgeons.ac.uk
Cookies make it easier for us to provide you with the best possible experience of using our website. By continuing to use spurgeons.ac.uk you agree to the use of cookies. To find our more about how we use cookies please read our website privacy notice by clicking here.
Accept
Reject
Change cookie settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
To read our website privacy notice please click here
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings