http://www.ahsrockets.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Assumption High School collects information from our users at different points on our Web site. Assumption High School is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell or rent this information to others. We will only share this information with our internal departments such as the Alumnae, Development, and Recruitment departments.
Assumption High School uses two types of user information: anonymous information gathered from cookies and log files and personal information you provide us for certain services. See below for definitions of each of these methods.
Anonymous Information – Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to personal information until a user provides that information (e.g. user IDs, passwords, alumnae information, where required.). If a user rejects or deletes the cookie, he/she may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, if you are a faculty or staff member or a student, you will not be able to log into some future areas of the site. Cookies also enable us to track visits to our site. By doing this, we can better target the interests of our users and enhance their experience on our site.
Log Files
Assumption High School also maintains standard web logs that record data about all visitors to this Web site. These logs may contain
The Internet domain from which you access this site.
Your IP address (Your computer is automatically assigned an IP address when you surf the Internet. Your IP address is either static or dynamic. A static IP address may be identifiable to you; a dynamic address is usually not identifiable to you).
The type of browser and operating system you use.
The date and time you visited this site.
The pages you viewed on this site.
The address of the Web site from which you linked.
Assumption High School uses web log information to help us design our site, to identify popular site features, and to make the site more useful for visitors. Web logs are recorded in sequential files, and we normally do not attempt to identify individuals from these logs. However, we may use web logs to identify persons attempting to break into, disrupt, or damage our site. We may share web log information with law enforcement personnel if we believe evidence exists, or is likely to occur, of a violation of federal, state, or local laws or regulations.
Make a Gift
Visit AHS