http://www.hillel.org/about/privacy-policy
About Hillel
FAQsHistory of HillelWhat is a Local Hillel?Hillels Around the WorldLeadership
Meet Our President & CEOExecutive LeadershipBoard Leadership
News & Views
News & Views - BlogHumans of HillelAnnual Report
Contact HillelWork at HillelHillel's Commitment to Safety, Respect and Equity
Hillel Specific Training and EducationPolicies and ProceduresNew York Laws and Requirements Investigations and Contact InformationProviding SupportSupporting Victims of AssaultResources for Supporting StudentsPartners and External Resources
Jewish Experience
Higher HolidaysLeadership & EngagementAsk Big QuestionsHillel & Israel
Jewish Agency Israel FellowsMasa Israel JourneyHillel Israel GuidelinesHillel Onward Israel
Campus Climate Initiative Birthright Israel with Hillel InternationalSocial Justice - TzedekJewish Education
Senior Jewish EducatorsCelebrating Shabbat and HolidaysArchivesEzra FellowshipJewish Sensibilities: An Interactive Guide
Get Involved
Hillel@Home
Past SessionsVolunteer Resources for StudentsStudent Support ResourcesPartners
Hillel's Anti-Racism Resource GuideeCards
Back to CampusBirthdayBirthright IsraelChanukahFather's DayFriendshipGet Well SoonGraduationMazel TovMother's DayPassoverPurimRosh HashanahShabbat ShalomSukkotThank YouThanksgiving
Conferences & EventsStudent CabinetHillel Alumni
College Guide
SearchHillel College Guide MagazineTop 60 Jewish SchoolsFrom High School to Hillel
Jewish College Bound
Hillel Scholarships
Jewish Scholarships PortalEligibility Requirements and FAQsPast Scholarship Recipients
Hillel College FairAbout the College Guide
DisclaimerCollege Guide FAQ
Support Us
Our ImpactMonthly Giving ProgramGive LocallyMatching GiftsMake a Gift of Stock Planned GivingSponsorship OpportunitiesGlobal Leadership Society
Donate
Home
/
About Hillel
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Hillel: The Foundation for Jewish Campus Life - Privacy Policy:
Your privacy is important to us.  This Privacy Statement describes the types of information Hillel International, Inc. (“Hillel” or “We”) collect from and about you through email, social media, direct mail, including when you visit any of our web properties including Hillel.org, Springboard.Hillel.org, HillelGLS.org, Mitz.Vote and askbigquestions.org (collectively the “Services”). This Privacy Statement also explains how We may use and disclose such information, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it. By using this Site, you agree to the data collection, use, disclosure and storage practices described in this Privacy Statement.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
In some countries, including in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws:
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information from you when you choose to provide it to us or to one of our affiliates.  This may include when you make a donation or join Hillel’s alumni community, request information from us, register for a conference or other event, sign up for newsletters or our email lists, use our Services, or otherwise contact us or one of our affiliates.
The information we collect (or receive from our affiliates) may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, geolocation information, photos or videos, user name and, if you are a Hillel donor, credit/debit card number or other financial information. If you use a third party service to login, link to us, or communicate with us (such as a social network or third party video chat), we may receive certain information about you from the third party based on your registration and privacy settings on those third party services.
If you use the Services to make donations or purchases, you may provide certain payment information, such as payment card, PayPal or other financial account information, and billing address. A third-party payment processor collects and processes that information on our behalf; we do not collect or retain your payment information.
Information We Automatically Collect and Cookie Policy
We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, or other technologies to automatically collect certain information when you use our Services or interact with our emails and online or mobile advertisements.  For example, we may automatically collect certain non-personal information from you such as your mobile device identifier or MAC address, browser type, operating system, device model, software version, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, mobile or ISP carrier information, and the domain name from which you accessed the Services.  We also may collect information about your use of the Services including the date and time you access the Services, the areas or pages of the Services that you visit, the amount of time you spend using the Services, the number of times you return, whether you open forward or click-through emails and ads, and other usage data so that we can understand the statistical use trends of our website in order to make improvements. This information is stored and used without any personal information attached to it. We capture the following information:
Domain Name – through which you access the Internet (for instance, AOL for America Online, or MSN for Microsoft Network, or YAHOO etc.)
IP address – from the computer or network used to access our website
Web browser – and operating system used
Date and time – you accessed our site
Pages, files, documents, and links – that you visited
Referral Internet address – of the website from which you clicked to get to our website
Search terms – used in a search engine (like google.com) that brought you to our website.
We may also use third-party tools or services, such as Google Analytics, to assist us with analyzing and improving the Site and Services. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help use conduct and improve our business.
For more information on our use of cookies, click [here—link to cookie policy].
Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures.
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
You may adjust your browser or operating system settings to limit this tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Services or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Check the “Help” menu of your browser or operating system to learn how to adjust your tracking settings or cookie preferences.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. To learn more about how cookies or other technologies are used to deliver more relevant advertising or to opt out of receiving targeted ads please click here. On your mobile device, you can adjust your privacy and advertising settings to limit your tracking for advertising or control whether you receive more relevant advertising. Note that our systems may not recognize  Do Not Track headers or requests from some or all browsers.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by [checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the [order form/registration form])/[OTHER OPT-OUT METHOD]]. You can also always opt-out by [logging into the Website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile], [checking or unchecking the relevant boxes] [or by] sending us an email with your request to help@hillel.org.
Promotional Offers from the Us. If you do not wish to have your email address used by us to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by [[checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the [order form/registration form])/[OTHER OPT-OUT METHOD]] or at any other time by] [logging into the Website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by] sending us an email stating your request to help@hillel.org. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.
Targeted Advertising. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by [OPT-OUT METHOD]. For this opt-out to function, you must have your browser set to accept all browser cookies.
Information Collected From Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including social networks that you use to connect with Hillel.  This information may include name, user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity.
Combination of Information
We may combine the information we receive from and about you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect through our Services, Apps, as well as information collected offline or from third party sources to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our Services.
INFORMATION USE
We may use the information we collect from and about you to:
Present our Website and its contents to you;
Respond to your inquiries, provide donor benefits and other services, fulfill orders, process payments and prevent transactional fraud, and contact and communicate with you;
Develop new programs, products or services;
Engage in educational initiatives to communicate with you and others to further our education goals;
Provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Services, via email or text message, or on other Services or apps;
Contact you with information, newsletters and promotional materials from Hillel or on behalf of our partners and affiliates;
Improve the content and functionality of our Web site and marketing efforts;
Conduct research and analysis;
Comply with applicable laws, including to respond to requests from public and government authorities;
Enforce this Privacy Statement;
Protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others;
Develop new programs, products or services;
Protect the security or integrity of the Services and our business; and
As described to you at the point of data collection.
INFORMATION SHARING
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may share the information we collect from and about you:
with our affiliates, subsidiaries and with other non-profit organizations;
with third parties that we believe may provide benefits, promotional materials, and goods and services that may be of interest to you, including with other nonprofit organizations;
to our Service Providers, [including information brokers and for data analysis] if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us;
as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the Hillel Terms of Use [link] or of our rights or the rights of any third party;
to respond to judicial process or provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and
as described to you at the point of collection.
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Please contact your local, state or regional Hillel affiliate to manage your communications from such affiliates.
We also may share aggregate or anonymous non-personal information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business.  If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity.  In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties.  Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through the Services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
If you do not want us to share your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Statement, contact us at help@hillel.org.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may contract with third parties to perform functions related to the Services (“Service Providers”).  Service Providers will have access to your personal information needed to perform their business functions, but may not use or share that personal information for other purposes.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section §1798.83 permits users of our site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to help@hillel.org or write us at Hillel International, 800 8th St. NW, Washington, DC 20001.
Your rights as a visitor from the European Economic area (EEA)
If you are a European resident, our legal basis for collecting and using your personal data or information is to do so with your consent; where we need the personal data or information for performance of a contract, or where the collection and use is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect the personal information in question.
If you are located in the EEA, we may also be a data processor of your personal data and a third party would be the controller. In these instances, we will only process and use your data in accordance with the documented instructions of the controller, subject to our agreement and data processing addendum entered into with your employer. The controller will be solely responsible for meeting any legal requirements applicable to data controllers (such as establishing a legal basis for processing and responding to data subject rights requests concerning the data your employer controls).
You have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to our collection and use of your personal data and to exercise the following rights. If we are the data controller, you can contact us to exercise these rights. If we are the data processor, you must contact the controller to exercise these rights:
Access your personal data or information;
Delete, or request deletion of, your personal data or information;
Object to or restrict processing of your personal information;
Request portability of your personal information;
Complain to your local data protection authority at any time;
Object to automated decision making; and
Update your personal data or information.
To withdraw consent or exercise these rights, please:
Contact Hillel’s Vice President, Technology Strategy and Operations
Adjust your preferences through contacting help@hillel.org
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If we ask you to provide personal data to us to comply with a legal requirement or enter into a contract, we will inform you of this and let you know whether providing us with your personal data is required and if not, the consequences of not sharing your personal data with us.
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our or a third party's legitimate interests and those interests are not already listed above (see "Information Use" section), we will let you know what those legitimate interests are.
PUBLIC FORUMS
Any information you may disclose in ratings or review, on message boards, in chat rooms, on zoom or other video communication platforms, or on other public areas of the Services, becomes public information and may be subject to the terms of use of other Services or platforms.  Please exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these public areas.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Services, or transmitted to other users of the Services or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Services with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSERVICES
The Services may have links to third-party Services or applications, including payment processors or video platforms which may have privacy policies that differ from our own.  We are not responsible for the practices of such Services or applications.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Protecting children’s privacy is important to us. We do not direct the Services to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, children under the age of thirteen.
DATA SECURITY
We have taken certain physical, administrative, and technical steps to safeguard the information we collect from and about our customers and Services visitors and users. While we make every effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.
DATA STORAGE AND RETENTION
Your personal information is stored on servers in the United States.  You understand and agree that Hillel may collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process the information you provide as described in this Privacy Statement even if you are from an area outside the United States.  Your personal information may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities or to respond to judicial process in the United States. We will retain your personal information for as long as it is needed to provide you with the Services, or to fulfill any legal or contractual obligations we may have.
If you are a resident of the EEA: Your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States, which has data protection laws that are different than those in your country and may not be as protective. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact Hillel’s Vice President, Technology Strategy and Operations at help@Hillel.org.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have an account on our Services, you may sign in to your account and update your personal information contained in the account.
IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS
If you have any questions, requests or concerns about this Privacy Statement or the practices described herein, you may contact our Hillel’s Vice President, Technology Strategy and Operations at: help@Hillel.org
REVISIONS TO THIS STATEMENT
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Statement at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Services.  If we change the Privacy Statement in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.
Hillel: The Foundation for Jewish Campus Life - Former Privacy Policy:
Thank you for visiting hillel.org and our family of websites. Hillel: The Foundation for Jewish Campus Life respects the privacy of all our visitors. Please consult the following privacy policy for specific practices regarding personal information collected.
If You Send Us Personal Information:
Hillel will only collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide, for example by sending e-mails, completing forms, registering for events or other programs, responding to surveys, or ordering merchandise. We may then contact you to provide information about Hillel activities, programs, membership and development opportunities, products, and special events that may interest you. If you wish to be removed from our contact lists and stop receiving any further communications from Hillel please contact us.
Hillel reserves the right to use images and/or content you provide in any promotional or marketing materials, including newsletters, websites, direct mail and other publications. Hillel takes your privacy seriously and will not publish your email address or home address publicly, without your explicit consent. If for any reason you wish to be excluded from use in promotional materials please contact us.
Web Statistics and Information Gathered Automatically:
When you visit our website, we automatically gather and record information about your visit so that we can understand the statistical use trends of our website in order to make improvements. This information is stored and used without any personal information attached to it.  We capture the following information:
Domain Name - through which you access the Internet (for instance, AOL for America Online, or MSN for Microsoft Network, or YAHOO etc.)
IP address - from the computer or network used to access our website
Web browser - and operating system used
Date and time - you accessed our site
Pages, files, documents, and links - that you visited
Referral Internet address - of the website from which you clicked to get to our website
Search terms - used in a search engine (like google.com) that brought you to our website
Cookies:
Hillel may set and access cookies on your computer. Cookies are small pieces of alphanumeric data sent to your web browser. Session cookies are used to track usage patterns, tell us what pages you visited, how long you stayed and other visitor behavior. Cookies also allow us to personalize your experience on our website. Many website improvements are made based on the data gathered from cookies.
You may set your browser to block cookies. You will still be able to access most of Hillel’s website, but you may not be able to conduct certain types of transactions (such as shopping) or take advantage of some of the enhanced interactive elements.
Children:
No form or application on hillel.org or any of Hillel's affiliate sites expressly solicits information from children under 13 years of age. Consequently, information gathered on Hillel.org or any of Hillel's affiliate websites will not be specifically identified as being from minors. Please be aware that Hillel treats all information gathered online as if it were from an adult and subject to the guidelines of Hillel's privacy policy.
Hillel strongly encourages all parents to supervise their children's online activities. Hillel asks that children seek their parents’ permission before submitting any information online. A parent may request the removal of information submitted without their consent by their children.
Dedicated to Security:
We maintain numerous procedures both electronic and managerial to protect and help prevent unauthorized access of all personal and transactional information.
Unauthorized access is prohibited and punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Linking:
Hillel’s website contains links to non-Hillel websites. When you follow a link to a third party website you are no longer subject to our privacy policy. Hillel is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of any non-Hillel websites. Links to external website are not intended to be an endorsement of the non-Hillel website or its content.
Questions?
Hillel is a large international organization with many people responsible for the content of our website. Please help us to maintain the integrity of our website, if you find a problem or have an issue or comment do not hesitate to contact us.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Please also see our Terms and Conditions.
Explore the College Guide
More Search Options >
About Hillel
FAQs
History of Hillel
What is a Local Hillel?
Hillels Around the World
Leadership
Meet Our President & CEO
Executive Leadership
Board Leadership
News & Views
News & Views - Blog
Humans of Hillel
Annual Report
Contact Hillel
Work at Hillel
Hillel's Commitment to Safety, Respect and Equity
Hillel Specific Training and Education
Policies and Procedures
New York Laws and Requirements
Investigations and Contact Information
Providing Support
Supporting Victims of Assault
Resources for Supporting Students
Partners and External Resources
• Follow Us •
Facebook
Hillel International
Twitter
Tweets by @HillelIntl
E-mail Sign-up