https://www.treehugger.com/environmental-policy/why-worlds-population-growing-faster-expected.html
chrispecoraro / Getty Images
Share
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Design
Tiny Homes
Architecture
Interior Design
Green Design
Urban Design
It turns out that if you wanted every person in the world to move to Texas, finding room for everyone wouldn't be your biggest problem. A series of maps produced by density blog Per Square Mile shows that if the entire world's population- 6.9 billion people- lived at the same density level as New York City, we could all fit within the borders of the Lone Star State.
At Paris levels, we would need Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana. If the world lived like Houston, we would take up most of the continental United States: 1,769,085 square miles.
This doesn't mean that the whole world could actually live in Texas, considering the need for farmland, industrial space, and energy production. (Although what if all the roofs generated solar power?) And there's a lot to be said for the benefits of living in the country.
But Per Square Mile's density statistics are thought-provoking. Density is more sustainable than sprawl, and while it might be hard to convince every person on Earth to move to Texas, we could all afford to live a little closer together. (Though we don't have to live like New Yorkers.)
Urban Density Is Not the Enemy, It Is Your Friend
Are Architects Going Overboard With the Trees on Buildings?
Rebuilding After Hurricane Harvey Needs to Be Stronger, Higher, Smarter
Map Points the Way for the Ultimate U.S. Road Trip
If You Really Want to Get Off Oil, Move to Buffalo
Stopping the Cycle of Dead Zones in the Gulf of Mexico and Beyond
How to Enjoy a Blizzard
11 American Geographic Anomalies
How Sprawl Was Caused by the Nuclear Arms Race, and Why This Matters More Than Ever Today
New York City Is Getting a New State Park — And It's the Biggest Yet
It's Time for Another Look at Plug-In Housing
Top 20 Cities at Risk for Rodent Problems
ROSE Cottage: A Net-Zero Energy Home for All Seasons (And Ages)
What Is the Gulf of Mexico Dead Zone?
48 Facts You Should Know About the Gulf of Mexico, From Sunken Ships to Ancient Corals
Should New York Have Separated Lanes for Self Driving Cars?