https://www.communityuuchurch.org/uua/home/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Community Unitarian Universalist Church
2875 East Parker Road
Plano, Texas 75074-7503
972-424-8989
info@communityuuchurch.org
Directions
Community Unitarian Universalist Church
Nourishing spirits...Working for justice...Transforming lives
Facebook Twitter YouTube
Directions
Search
Calendar
Give
Contact
Sunday Services: 10:30am
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Community Unitarian Universalist Church of Plano, referred to in this policy as “CUUU” and “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contactwebguru@communityuuchurch.org
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site may collect personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include names, addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses.address. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site other than the Members Portal which is a private area reserved for church member access only. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us webguru@communityuuchurch.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than CUUC. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators. Please let us know about existing external links which you believe are inappropriate and about specific additional external links which you believe ought to be included by emailing us at webguru@communityuuchurch.org.
Section Navigation
HomeAccessibility
Terms and Conditions
Website Privacy Policy
Search for:
Search
Events Calendar
<<
Dec 2020
>>
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
29
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2