http://www.glasgowbuddhistcentre.com/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Glasgow Buddhist Centre,
329 Sauchiehall St,
Glasgow
At Glasgow Buddhist Centre we respect your privacy and understand how important it is that your personal information remains secure.
What information does Glasgow Buddhist centre collect about me?
In order to complete a public class booking or if you are a member of the Triratna Buddhist Order or Mitra in the Scottish sangha. we ask for the following information:
Name
Address
Phone number
Email address
We keep this information on a database and shred it after every class if you have not given explicit permission to us to include you in our mailing list. If you do give us permission to include you in our mailing list, we keep the name and email address only for attendees at public classes, but full contact details for members of the Triratna Buddhist Community. On the mail provider we use there is always an option for anyone to unsubscribe from the list.
If you choose to make a donation for your class and are eligible for Gift Aid we will ask for your name, address and post code on a Gift Aid declaration. This information is stored securely in paper form. We need this information for financial auditing purposes.  We will also retain any information about how much you give us.  This helps with audit, financial management and to maintain an appropriate and proportional approach to future fundraising.
You can request that we give you a copy of the data we hold about you, please contact the office.
Who in the GBC has access to my data?
The information we store on our booking system is accessed by our Centre Team and reception volunteers. They use the information only for the purposes that you give it- we never share or sell our database details to anyone else. We store your details securely on Mail Chimp and you can view their privacy policy here (link to https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/)
We will not disclose your personal information to any other third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary to conform to legal requirements, to protect our rights or to protect the safety of members of the public or those attending the Glasgow Buddhist Centre.
All our team members and volunteers follow these guidelines in protecting your data.
We hope that this statement answers any questions you may have regarding our care of your information but if you have any further questions please contact us at the contact details above
Cookies
Our site employs cookies from Google Analytics, which helps us keep track of how many people visit our site and what pages they use. It’s completely anonymous (we never track your activity anywhere else on the web!) and any data relating to your time on our site is only retained in the form of general statistics (eg. 500 people visited a certain page with a picture gallery on it). This allows us to develop the site in line with the community’s use and needs.