http://www.beckfords.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Beckford's Funeral Services Limited
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the Policy) describes how Beckford’s Funeral Services Limited collects, uses and shares the information you provide to us and the information we collect in the course of operating our business and in using our websites in accordance with The Data Protection (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2017 and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
Introduction
In this Policy, where we refer to "Beckford’s Funeral Services” (or "we"/"us"/"our)", we mean Beckford’s Funeral Services Limited.
Beckford’s Funeral Services is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. References in this notice to “your information” are also to personal information that you provide to us or which we otherwise gather in the course of operating our business. We have appointed a Data Privacy Manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the Data Privacy Manager at privacy@beckfords.com
What information we collect about you
If you are our client or customer, we collect information that helps us to identify you and meet the obligations or our business engagement with you.
Where you are our client or customer, the personal information that we collect includes:
Your name, title and contact details
Usage data which includes information about how you use our website
Technical data which includes IP addresses and information in order to meet the obligations of our engagement with you
any personal information provided by way of correspondence with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise
Any other information that you may provide in the process of filling out our contact forms or any other form on the site
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you apply for a position with us we may collect personal information. For full details on what we collect please see our Candidate Data Collection Statement.
How we collect your information
In the course of providing services to you or receiving services from you, we collect information that personally identifies you.
The information we collect about you (or your staff) comes from:
your interactions with us, transactions and use of our products and services (including the use of our website)
your business dealings with us, including via email, telephone or as stated in our contracts with you
events that you register to attend with us
publications and notifications that you sign up to receive from us
other materials you provide to us during the course of your relationship with us
contact forms on the website and enquiries over email
We will only ever store any of your personal information to meet the obligations of our business engagement or we will always ask for your explicit consent and provide you with a link to this privacy policy.
You can adjust your preferences at any time using the form at the bottom of this privacy policy.
How we use your information
At Beckford’s Funeral Services we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We provide funeral and related services to our clients and we use your personal data for those purposes. Normally the purposes for which we use your personal data will be clear when we collect that data. We will not use your personal data for purposes that are not clear when we collect that data and will only use your personal information to:
where we conduct administrative or operational processes within our business
where we need to perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you
need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
where we want to improve the quality of service that we provide to you
provide and improve our other services
compile anonymous statistics, for example, website usage statistics
comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
to establish, exercise or defend the legal rights of Beckford’s Funeral Services or for the purpose of legal proceedings
process and respond to requests, enquiries or complaints received from you or someone connected to you
send you marketing material
provide you with personalised content
invite you to events
for other legitimate business purposes and
should you apply for a position with us, to review and process your application
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us on privacy@beckfords.com
How we share your information
We may share your personal information outside of Beckford’s Funeral Services. This may include disclosures to:
Third parties relevant to the funeral and related services that we provide. This may include, but is not limited to, HM Greffier and regulatory authorities, various suppliers of services including but not limited to doctors, cemetery and church or equivalent officials, printers, funeral plan providers to enable us to complete the duties which we have been employed and other related service providers
Third party agents/suppliers or contractors, in connection with the processing of your personal information for the purposes described in this Policy. It may also include disclosures to our own advisers such as auditors and accountants and any external legal advisors which we may instruct from time to time
Should you apply for a position with us, we may disclose your personal information for the purposes of seeking references and confirmation of the details which you have provided. As stated above further information can be found on our Candidate Data Collection Statement.
Where we share your information, we require those receiving it, to put in place appropriate security and confidentiality measures to protect it, and we require that they only use your personal information on our behalf and in line with our instructions, consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
International transfers
Where we transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), we will ensure that it is protected and transferred in a manner consistent with legal requirements applicable to the information. This can be done in a number of different ways, for instance:
the country to which we send the personal information may have been assessed by the European Commission as providing an "adequate" level of protection for personal data (this includes Jersey and Guernsey)
the recipient may have signed a contract based on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, or
where the recipient is located in the US, it may be a certified member of the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
In other circumstances, the law may permit us to otherwise transfer your personal information outside the EEA. In all cases, however, any transfer of your personal information will be compliant with applicable data protection law.
You can obtain more details of the protection given to your personal information when it is transferred outside Europe by contacting us using the details set out below.
Website cookies
We use cookies on our website. A cookie is a small file, which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email or telephone. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Our analytics cookies include Google Analytics. To find out more information about the Google Analytics security and privacy principles please click here.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
If you are not comfortable with us storing cookies, there are a number of options that you can take when using our site:
Most web browsers will allow you to disable all cookies or just third-party cookies. Instructions on how to do this for various browsers can be found here - https://www.aboutcookies.org. If you completely disable cookies our website may not function as intended.
You can browse our site using your browser’s anonymous browsing mode, for example Chrome's ‘incognito’ mode or Internet Explorer's ‘InPrivate browsing’ mode. This will prevent the site from reading any older cookies or storing any cookies for longer than your session duration.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Direct marketing
We may ask whether you wish to receive marketing from us and this will be presented to you as an option on the relevant application form or page on our website where necessary. We may also contact you by email or other means to inform you about other services or events which may be of interest to you.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you wish to do so, please either unsubscribe or contact: privacy@beckfords.com
Retention of personal information and security
Your personal information will be retained for as long as required:
for the purposes for which the personal information was collected
in order to establish or defend legal rights or obligations or to satisfy any reporting or accounting obligations and/or
as required by data protection laws and any other applicable laws or regulatory requirements.
We will ensure that the personal information that we hold is subject to appropriate security measures.
Access to and control of your personal information
You have the following rights in respect of the personal information about you that we process:
the right to access and port personal information
the right to rectify personal information
the right to restrict the use of personal information
the right to request that personal information is erased and
the right to object to processing of personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, you will need to check a box giving your consent for us to store and process your data
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at privacy@beckfords.com or by unsubscribing from our mailing list.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so.
Where we have relied on consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time.
Under the The Data Protection (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2017 and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 you may request details of personal information which we hold about you or request that we update the details that we hold about you.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, or if you wish for us to delete that information please email us as soon as possible, at the below email address. We will promptly action any requests to our best ability.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact our Data Privacy Manager at privacy@beckfords.com
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information either with us, or with The Office of the Data Protection Commissioner in Guernsey (https://dataci.gg).
Inaccurate or amended information
Please let us know as soon as possible if any of your personal information changes (including your correspondence details). Failure to provide accurate information or to update information when it changes may have a detrimental impact upon our ability to provide services to you.
Security
4. Beckford’s Funeral Services takes the protection of your personal information extremely seriously and has appropriate security measures and policies in place to address this. All Beckford’s Funeral Services staff are trained regularly and made aware of their information security responsibilities.
Confidentiality
We acknowledge that the information you provide us may be confidential. We do not sell, rent, distribute or otherwise make personal information commercially available to any third party, except that we may have information with our service providers for the purposes set out in this Policy. We will maintain the confidentiality of and protect the privacy of your personal information in according with this Policy and all applicable laws.
Questions and contact information
If you have any questions in relation to this notice please contact our Data Privacy Manager:
Beckford’s Funeral Services Limited, Rue des Crabbes, St Saviour, Guernsey GY7 9QL
by phone at: +44 (0)1481 264202
by email at: privacy@beckfords.com
Changes to this policy
Beckford’s Funeral Services Limited may change this Policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This Policy is effective from 25/05/2018.
Want to know more?
For further guidance or more information, contact our team who would be happy to help.
Contact us