http://www.mesothelioma-attorney.com/disclaimer/privacy
Clapper, Patti, Schweizer and Mason
Privacy Policy
Our Firm
Mesothelioma
Legal Rights
Locations
Asbestos
Veterans
Treatments
SIGN UP FOR FREE CONSULTATION »
(800) 440-4262
Home
>
Disclaimer
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Clapper, Patti, Schweizer & Mason has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We will never share your personal information in any way with any third party.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Mesothelioma-Attorney.com.
This site may contain links to other sites. Clapper, Patti, Schweizer & Mason is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a contact form. This information may include your first and last name, city and state of residence, telephone number, and information about why you believe you may have grounds for legal action.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To contact you regarding your request for information.
We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. Any communication we undertake with you will be solely to answer your questions and to provide assistance to you. Contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.
To improve our website
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We will never sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We do not send SPAM (unsolicited commercial email) and act in full compliance with the United States CAN-SPAM Act. If you receive unwanted, unsolicited email sent via our delivery system or purporting to be sent via our system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to info@mesothelioma-attorney.com for review. We will remove your email address from our mailing lists immediately if you do not wish to be contacted by us.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Clapper, Patti, Schweizer & Mason, feel free to contact us.
Clapper, Patti, Schwizer & Mason on Facebook
©2020 by Clapper, Patti, Schweizer & Mason | All rights reserved | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy
The Law Offices of Clapper, Patti, Schweizer & Mason
1127 Grant Ave, #6 Novato, CA 94945-3113 | Toll-free number: (800) 440-4262 | Phone: (415) 332-4262 | Fax: (415) 331-5387
Bay Area Web Design