https://www.jain4jain.com/privacy-policy.php
Membership
FREE Registration
Login
Free Registration
Sign in
Home
Premium Membership
Terms
Privacy Policy
Send Feedback
Contact Us
Jain4Jain.com
Grievances Redressal Officer: Pratik Jain
Phone : +91-11-49869226
Mobile : +91 9810367689
Working Hours: 10am - 6pm (IST)
Email : info@jain4jain.com
Website : www.jain4jain.com
Privacy Policy
Jain4Jain.com is an online matrimonial portal with an objective to provide matrimonial services to Jain society. We are strongly committed to your right to privacy.  We have drawn out a privacy statement with regard to the information we collect from you.
You acknowledge that you are disclosing information voluntarily. By accessing or using the website and by providing your information, you give consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the website in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree for use of your information, please do not use or access this website Jain4Jain.com.
What information you need to give in to use Jain4Jain.com?
The information we gather from users who apply for the matrimonial services includes, but may not be limited to, name, date of birth, educational qualifications a user-specified password, email address, mailing address, zip code and telephone number, mobile number or father’s name or relatives name.
Cookies are used to store the log-in information. Cookies are small files which are stored on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. You may also encounter Cookies on certain pages of the website that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties.
We use third party CCAvenue.com secure server for credit card transactions.
We might use your personal information primarily for two purpose. First, for analysis of usage trends, marketing research and to evaluate and improve our site. Secondly for  frauds prevention and site technical audit. To diagnose problems with our server, we identify and use your IP address.
With whom Jain4Jain.com shares the information it collects or tracks?
We may share such identifiable information with our associates and affiliates.The information provided to is held with the utmost care and security.
Jain4Jain.com is also bound to cooperate fully if situation arise where we are required by law or regulation or court order to provide information about a member or site visitor.
We may voluntarily share your information with law enforcement agencies or Payment Gateways or Anti-fraud Solution agencies if we find that a transaction is of suspicious nature.
In situations, If we buy or sell any business or assets, personal information may be transferred to third parties involved in the transaction.
Our website link to other website and may collect personally identifiable information about you. We are not responsible for the privacy policy or the contents of those linked website.
We use your email id to help you find your match on jain4jain.com and send member responses to your email id. Occasionally, we may also send you announcements of special events with which jain4jain.com is associated directly or indirectly. We may send certain specific email from Jain4Jain.com and/or its other partner sites.
How long do we keep your Information?
We will retain the information that we collect from you under these situations:- during tenure of user subscribed for Jain4jain.com matrimony service, for performing audits, for enforcing agreements related to law or regulation or court order, or for performing business.
What are the Security Precautions in respect of your personal information?
We do all endeavor to protect your personal information by all possible technical security measures. We have implemented appropriate internal security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information that we possess. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee due to the fact the internet itself is not 100% secure.
Change of Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update privacy policy at any time without any notice to you. However, changes will be updated in the Privacy Policy page.
To address your grievances, please contact:
Grievance Officer : Mr. Pratik Jain
Address :
Jain4Jain.com
C/O - Samyak Online
M-4, Samrat Bhawan,
Ranjit Nagar Commercial Complex,
New Delhi - 110008
The Grievance officer shall be available between 10 am to 6 pm IST from Monday to Saturday excluding Sunday's and Public Holidays in India.
Sign in
×
User Name
Password
Login
Forgot Password
Free Registration