http://www.ncai.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | NCAI
Skip Navigation
National Congress of American Indians
Policy Issues
Community & Culture
Economic Development & Commerce
Education, Health & Human Services
Land & Natural Resources
Tribal Governance
Resources
Resolutions
NCAI Publications
Legal Filings
Consultation Support
Testimony & Speeches
Job Listings
FAQs
Conferences & Events
NCAI Events
National Events
Youth Events
Event Archives
Calendar View
Event Search
Submit Your Event
Initiatives
NCAI Policy Research Center
Partnerships & Initiatives
Campaigns
News
Updates
Press Releases
News & Updates Archive
Press Resources
Multimedia Center
Tribal Communicators Resources
Native Youth
Native Youth Programs
About Native Youth
NCAI Youth Commission
Youth Events
Fellowships
First Kids 1st
On the T.R.A.I.L.
About NCAI
Mission & History
NCAI Governance
State of Indian Nations
NCAI Leadership
Embassy of Tribal Nations
Annual Leadership Awards
NCAI Staff
Working With Us
Our Supporters
Membership
About Membership
Tribal Membership
Sign Up to Become a Member
Member Login
Home
Tribal Directory
About Tribes
Get Involved
Policy Research Center
Search:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
NCAI is committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors and Affiliates. Please read this policy to understand what personal information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use the information we collect.
What information do we collect?
We track our visitors’ activities to make sure we are providing the best path and access to information. Through Google Analytics we track site usage metrics.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, register for an event, become or renew your membership, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. Credit card numbers are not collected or stored by NCAI.
We may on some occasions use information we collect to inform you of upcoming publications or other marketing material that would serve your interest. We do not sell or share this information with individuals or organizations outside of NCAI for marketing or promotional purposes.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. Although NCAI takes all measures to prevent unauthorized access to and maintain the accuracy of your data and information, no information transferred over the Internet is 100% secure. NCAI cannot guarantee the total security of information transmitted to us.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 30 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include external links to other organizations and websites or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content, use of data collection, and activities of these linked sites. We encourage you to read their policy statements and terms of use. This privacy policy statement governs only this site. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.ncai.org/terms
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 3/2/2012
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.ncai.org
support@ncai.org
1516 P St NW
Washington, DC 20005
United States
Phone: (202) 466-7767
Fax: (202) 466-7797
NCAI Links
Policy Issues
About Tribes
Resources
Native Youth
Conferences & Events
About NCAI
Initiatives
Membership
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
National Congress of American Indians (NCAI)
Embassy of Tribal Nations
1516 P Street NW, Washington, DC 20005
Phone: (202) 466-7767, Fax: (202) 466-7797
Follow us on
Our country is undergoing a shift and we need companies to be leaders of positive and meaningful change. @TMobile i… https://t.co/w0QPvWfS8l about 5 hours ago
Copyright © 2001-2020 National Congress of American Indians. Website made possible by the generous support of the W.K. Kellogg Foundation. Learn more about our supporters.