http://www.midsummerseve.com/help/privacy.aspx
Toggle navigation
Home
Log in
Help
Contact us
Home
Join - we're 100% Free!
Login
Login
Retrieve Password
Conversations
Browse Conversations
View Conversations
Search
Simple Search
Area Browse
Tag Browse
Area Browse
Help and Advice
How To
Profile Advice
Photo Advice
Meetups Advice
Online Dating Advice
Free Online Dating
Dating Safety
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 20/5/2018
This is the privacy policy of midsummerseve.com/Midsummer's Eve, a
brand of UKcentric
Ltd. In this document, "we", "our", or "us" refer to
midsummerseve.com.
Introduction
This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all
information that we record about you. It sets out the conditions
under which we may process any information that we collect from
you, or that you provide to us. It covers information that could
identify you (“personal information”) and
information that could not. In the context of the law and this
notice, “process” means collect, store, transfer,
use or otherwise act on information.
We regret that if there are one or more points below with which
you are not happy, your only recourse is to leave our website
immediately.
We take seriously the protection of your privacy and
confidentiality. We understand that all visitors to our website
are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used
for any purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally
fall into the hands of a third party.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information
you provide to us, and hope that you reciprocate.
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented,
including that required by the EU General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR).
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our
obligations to you in regards to the processing and control of
your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read
the information provided at knowyourprivacyrights.org
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose
to a third party, any information collected through our website.
The bases on which we process information about you
The law requires us to determine under which of six defined bases we
process different categories of your personal informationand
to notify you of the basis for each category.
If a basis on which we process your personal information is no longer
relevant then we shall immediately stop processing your data.
If the basis changes then if required by law we shall notify you of
the change and of any new basis under which we have determined that
we can continue to process your information.
1. Information
we process because we have a contractual obligation with you
When you create an account on our website or otherwise agree to our
terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us.
In order to carry out our obligations under that contract, we must
process the information you give us. Some of this information may be
personal information.
We may use it in order to:
verify your identity for security purposes
provide you with our services
provide you with suggestions and advice on products, services
and how to obtain the most from using our website
We process this information on the basis there is a contract between
us, or that you have requested we use the information before we
enter into a legal contract.
Additionally, we may aggregate this information in a general way and
use it to provide class information, for example, to monitor our
performance with respect to a particular service we provide. If we
use it for this purpose, you as an individual will not be personally
identifiable.
We shall continue to process this information until the contract
between us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of
the contract.
2. Information
we process with your consent
Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual
relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask
us to provide you more information about our business and services,
you provide your consent to us to process information that may be
personal information.
Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process
this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of
cookies.
Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you
send us a message by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us
to reply.
Except where you have consented to our use of your information for a
specific purpose, we do not use your information in any way that
would identify you personally. We may aggregate it in a general way
and use it to provide class information, for example, to monitor the
performance of a particular page on our website.
If you have given us explicit permission to do so, we may from time
to time pass your name and contact information to selected
associates whom we consider may provide services or products you
would find useful.
We continue to process your information on this basis until you
withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your
consent no longer exists.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us our
contact page. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use our
website or our services further.
3. Information
we process because we have a legal obligation
We are subject to the law like everyone else. Sometimes, we must
process your information in order to comply with a statutory
obligation.
For example, we may be required to give information to legal
authorities if they so request or if they have the proper
authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
This may include your personal information.
Specific uses of information you provide to us
4. Information
provided on the understanding that it will be shared with a third
party
Our website allows you to post information with a view to that
information being read, copied, downloaded, or used by other people.
Examples include:
posting a message to our forum
sending a message to another member
creating and publishing a profile
uploading photographs of yourself or others
clicking on an icon next to another visitor’s message to
convey your approval, disapproval
In posting personal information, it is up to you to satisfy yourself
about the privacy level of every person who might use it.
We do not specifically use this information except to allow it to be
displayed or shared.
We do store it, and we reserve a right to use it in the future in any
way we decide.
Once your information enters the public domain, we have no control
over what any individual third party may do with it. We accept no
responsibility for their actions at any time.
Provided your request is reasonable and there is no legal basis for
us to retain it, then at our discretion, we may agree to your
request to delete personal information that you have posted. You can
make a request by contacting us at our contact page.
5. Complaints
regarding content on our website
Our website is a publishing medium. Anyone may register and then
publish information about himself, herself or some other person.
We do not moderate or control what is posted, except in specific
circumstances set out in our terms and conditions of use and help
pages.
If you complain about any of the content on our website, we shall
investigate your complaint.
If we feel it is justified or if we believe the law requires us to do
so, we shall remove the content while we investigate.
Free speech is a fundamental right, so we have to make a judgment as
to whose right will be obstructed: yours, or that of the person who
posted the content that offends you.
If we think your complaint is vexatious or without any basis, we
shall not correspond with you about it.
6. Information
relating to your method of payment
Payment information is never taken by us or transferred to us either
through our website or otherwise.
7. Sending a
message to our support team
When you contact us, whether by telephone, through our website or by
e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply
with the information you need.
We record your request and our reply in order to increase the
efficiency of our service.
We keep personally identifiable information associated with your
message, such as your name and email address so as to be able to
track our communications with you to provide a high-quality service.
8. Complaining
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have
given to us.
We use that information to resolve your complaint.
If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other
person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the
information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently
as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to
whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information
is.
We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this
source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way
that could identify you or any other person.
9. Affiliate and business partner
information
This is information given to us by you in your capacity as an
affiliate of us or as a business partner.
It allows us to recognise visitors that you have referred to us, and
to credit to you commission due for such referrals. It also includes
information that allows us to transfer commission to you.
The information is not used for any other purpose.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and
of the terms of our relationship.
We expect any affiliate or partner to agree to reciprocate this
policy.
Use of information we collect through automated systems when you
visit our website
10. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard
drive by your web browser when you visit any website. They allow
information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed
for use on another, allowing a website to provide you with a
personalised experience and the website owner with statistics about
how you use the website so that it can be improved.
Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day
or until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely.
Your web browser should allow you to delete any you choose. It also
should allow you to prevent or limit their use.
Our website uses cookies. They are placed by software that operates
on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose
services we use.
We use two types of cookies: essential and non-essential cookies.
Essential cookies
This type of cookie is essential for us to enable you to use the website. For example it enables you stay logged in to the website without having to provide a username/password on every page request.
Non-essential cookies
This type of cookie is not essential for you to use the website. For example it is used to show you ads. We don't use any non-essential cookies which process or store any sensitive personal information.
When you first visit our website, we ask you whether you wish us to
use cookies. If you choose not to accept them, we shall not use them
for your visit except to record that you have not consented to their
use for any other purpose.
Ifyou choose not to use cookies or you prevent their use
through your browser settings, you will not be able to use all the
functionality of our website.
If you wish to opt out of our cookies, you can do so using your web browser's cookie control settings. Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
How do I change my cookie settings?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We are planning to enhance our cookie tool to allow users to more easily change their cookie settings after their initial choice.
11. Personal identifiers from your
browsing activity
Requests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other
content on our website are recorded.
We record information such as your geographical location, your
Internet service provider and your IP address. We also record
information about the software you are using to browse our website,
such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution.
We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the
webpages on our website and how we perform in providing content to
you.
If combined with other information we know about you from previous
visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally,
even if you are not signed in to our
website.
12. Our use of re-marketing
Re-marketing involves placing a cookie on your computer when you
browse our website in order to be able to serve to you an advert for
our products or services when you visit some other website.
We may use a third party to provide us with re-marketing services
from time to time. If so, then if you have consented to our use of
cookies, you may see advertisements for our products and services on
other websites.
Disclosure and sharing of your information
13. Information we obtain from third
parties
Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third
party (except as set out in this notice), we sometimes receive data
that is indirectly made up from your personal information from third
parties whose services we use.
No such information is personally identifiable to you.
14. Third party advertising on our
website
Third parties may advertise on our website. In doing so, those
parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use
technology that automatically collects information about you when
their advertisement is displayed on our website.
They may also use other technology such as cookies or JavaScript to
personalise the content of, and to measure the performance of their
adverts.
15. Data may be processed outside the
European Union
Our websites are hosted in the United Kingdom.
Although we do not do so at the present time, we may also use
outsourced services in countries outside the European Union from
time to time in other aspects of our business.
Accordingly, data obtained within the UK or any other country could
be processed outside the European Union.
We use the following safeguards with respect to data transferred
outside the European Union:
the processor is within the same corporate group as our business
or organisation and abides by the same binding corporate rules
regarding data processing.
the data protection clauses in our contracts with data
processors include transfer clauses written by or approved by a
supervisory authority in the European Union.
we are certified under an approved certification mechanism as
provided for in the GDPR
both our organisation and the processor are public authorities
between whom there is either a legally binding agreement or
administrative arrangements approved by a supervisory authority
in the European Union relating to protection of your information
Access to your own information
16. Access to your personal
information
At any time you may review or update personally identifiable
information that we hold about you, by signing in to your
account on our website.
To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our
website you may send us a request at our contact page.
After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to
provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee
for providing it to you.
17. Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our
website, you may contact us at our contact page.
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
18. Verification of your information
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal
identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to
verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking
any action. This is important to safeguard your information.
Other matters
19. Use of site by children
We do not sell products or provide services for purchase by
children, nor do we market to children.
If you are under 18, you may not use our website.
We collect data about all users of and visitors to these areas
regardless of age, and we anticipate that some of those users
and visitors will be children.
Such child users and visitors will inevitably visit other parts
of the site and will be subject to whatever on-site marketing
they find, wherever they visit.
20. How you can complain
If you are not happy with our privacy policy or if have any
complaint then you should tell us via our contact page.
If a dispute is not settled then we hope you will agree to
attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a
process of mediation or arbitration.
If you are in any way dissatisfied about how we process your
personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with
the Information Commissioner's Office. This can be done at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
21. Retention period for personal data
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your
personal information only for as long as required by us:
to provide you with the services you have requested;
to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by
our tax authorities;
to support a claim or defence in court.
22. Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of
every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business.
If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we
should like to hear from you.
However, ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use
our website.
23. Review of this privacy policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The
terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on the
day you use our website. We advise you to print a copy for your
records.
If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please contact
us.
Help
About us
Using the site
Success stories
Search and join in
Join
Tag search
Area search
Search
Dating forums
Info
Site map
Terms
Privacy
Links
©
Midsummer's Eve
1999-2020