https://www.nala.ie/policy/nalas-policy-literacy-and-employment/
[login-with-ajax]
Free courses
Tutors
Teaching resources
All resources
Student workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Learn with NALA
Help with teaching
Getting started as a tutor
Training events
Research
Integrating literacy
Services
Services
Plain English
Editing & Training Services
Plain English Awards
Plain English Mark
Plain English Tips
Integrating Literacy in Further Education Training
Health literacy
Crystal Clear Mark
Health sector services
Public Health Literacy
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Workplace basic education
Research & policy
Research & policy
Access to public services
Education & training
Family literacy
Policy
Health literacy
Literacy & employment
NALA’s six recommendations
Research Reports
Literacy in Ireland
Student advocacy
Support us
Support us
Make a Donation
Become a Member
Corporate sponsorships
Support our campaign
2020 General Election campaign
NALA’s policy work in literacy and work
Research shows that people with good literacy, numeracy and problem solving skills are more likely to have better health and a longer life, be employed and earn better incomes (OECD, Skills Outlook, 2013). Literacy and numeracy are key factors that shape individual life chances and their impact is critical for the labour market in terms of employment, earnings and training expenditure (ESRI research 2012).
Why we need literacy development in the workplace?
Unmet literacy needs costs everyone: our society, economy and environment, financially and democratically. Recent data from the Central Statistics Office shows us that currently there are 445,800 people (aged 25-64) who have less than a QQI Level 4 qualification. These include 233,300 (52%) people who are in work along with 24,900 (6%) unemployed and 187,600 (42%) not engaged in the labour force.
Low literacy costs, strong literacy pays
The cost of low skills to the global economy is estimated at USD $1.2 trillion. A cost benefit analysis of adult literacy in Ireland (NALA, 2009) concluded that by investing in literacy there is a positive and rapid return on investment across the board, for participants, the companies they work for and for the exchequer. The report found that “expenditure on adult literacy training generates high economic returns.” It estimated that the annual income gain per person per level increase on the National Qualifications Framework was €3,810. The gain to the exchequer, in terms of reduced social welfare transfers and increased tax payments, was €1,531 per annum.
Many adults in work with unmet literacy and numeracy needs are vulnerable in their job role, don’t go for promotion and remain in low skilled work; however they would like to improve and gain confidence in these skills and potentially work towards a qualification. Changing skills needs in the workplace require employees to “build upon basic skills – such as literacy and numeracy – and to master ICT, innovation and learning how to learn in order to maintain their employability.” (Expert Group on Future Skills Needs, 2008)
What have we achieved so far?
We have achieved:
Establishing the first ever Workplace Basic Education Fund, which is now called Skills for Work.
Developing and supporting an implementation plan for integrating literacy and numeracy in all further education and training provision.
What do we need now?
NALA believes we need increased investment in the Skills for Work programme could specifically target employees with unmet literacy and numeracy needs in particular sectors. The new Pathways to Work strategy from the Department of Employment Affairs and Social Protection should focus on addressing unmet literacy and numeracy needs amongst the unemployed.
NALA recommends the following:
That workplace literacy is adequately resourced and addressed as part of a whole-of-government strategy on adult literacy, numeracy and digital skills.
Provide intensive and flexible options; appropriate supports as required (income, transport, child and elder care), work placement where appropriate and progression opportunities
Introduce a targeted paid learning leave programme for employees in work with literacy, numeracy and digital needs and or less than a level 4 qualification to develop their basic literacy and numeracy skills if they wish to do so. This intervention would be for a maximum time period and funded through our social insurance (PRSI) system.
Key research and submissions
A cost benefit analysis of adult literacy training Research report (NALA, 2009)
Literacy and Numeracy Difficulties in the Irish Workplace: Impact on Earnings and Training Expenditures (ESRI, 2012)
Literacy, Numeracy and Activation Among the Unemployed (ESRI, 2012)
Sign up to be kept up to date on our latest campaigns.
Full Name*Email*
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Text 'LEARN' to 50050
About us
What we do
Annual reports
NALA staff
NALA board
Publications
News and Events
Contact us
Free courses
Learn with NALA
Learn online
Log-in
Tutors
Literacy workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Student information
Services
Plain English
Integrating Literacy in FET
Health literacy
Workplace basic education
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Research & policy
Literacy in Ireland
Research reports
Policy
Student advocacy
Support us
Become a Member
Privacy Statement
Sandford Lodge, Sandford Close, Ranelagh, Dublin 6, Ireland, DO6 YF65.
Phone 01 4127900 | Fax 01 4976038 | Email info@nala.ie
Company No 342807 | CHY: 8506 | RCN: 20020965
Adult Literacy is co-funded by the Irish Government and the European Social Fund (ESF) as part of the ESF Programme for Employability, Inclusion and Learning 2014-2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
You can read our privacy statement here.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.