https://www.lea.org/privacy.aspx
HomeNews & NetworksLEAnewsGlobal Lutheran Educators Network (GLEnet)Retired Lutheran Educators Network (EncourAGEnet)ResourcesDevotionsLEA Podcasts, Webinars, & PresentationsFaith Factor PodcastsShaping the Future PastLibraryGlobalRetiredLEA MallEvents2021 Lutheran School Administrators Conference2022 LEA ConvocationExhibitor InformationAwardsLEA Professional Current HonoreesLutheran Junior Honor AssociationLEA Professional Previous HonoreesAbout LEALeadershipContact UsmyLEASupport LEA
Home
News & Networks
- LEAnews
- Global Lutheran Educators Network (GLEnet)
- Retired Lutheran Educators Network (EncourAGEnet)
Resources
- Devotions
- LEA Podcasts, Webinars, & Presentations
- - Faith Factor Podcasts
- Shaping the Future Past
- Library
- - Global
- - Retired
- LEA Mall
Events
- 2021 Lutheran School Administrators Conference
- 2022 LEA Convocation
- - Exhibitor Information
Awards
- LEA Professional Current Honorees
- Lutheran Junior Honor Association
- LEA Professional Previous Honorees
About LEA
- Leadership
- Contact Us
myLEA
Support LEA
Privacy Statement
Lutheran Education Association is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Lutheran Education Association Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Lutheran Education Association website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Lutheran Education Association collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Lutheran Education Association also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Lutheran Education Association. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Lutheran Education Association for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Lutheran Education Association Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Lutheran Education Association public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Lutheran Education Association
does not read any of your private online communications.
Lutheran Education Association encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Lutheran Education Association so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Lutheran Education Association is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Lutheran Education Association
and Lutheran Education Association family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Lutheran Education Association collects and uses your personal information to operate the Lutheran Education Association
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Lutheran Education Association also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Lutheran Education Association and its affiliates. Lutheran Education Association may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Lutheran Education Association does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Lutheran Education Association may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Lutheran Education Association
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Lutheran Education Association, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Lutheran Education Association does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Lutheran Education Association keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Lutheran Education Association, in order to determine what Lutheran Education Association services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Lutheran Education Association to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Lutheran Education Association Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Lutheran Education Association or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Lutheran Education Association; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Lutheran Education Association, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Lutheran Education Association Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Lutheran Education Association pages, or
register with Lutheran Education Association site or services, a cookie helps Lutheran Education Association
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Lutheran Education Association Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Lutheran Education Association
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Lutheran Education Association services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Lutheran Education Association secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Lutheran Education Association secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Lutheran Education Association will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Lutheran Education Association encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Lutheran Education Association is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Lutheran Education Association welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Lutheran Education Association has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Lutheran Education Association at ApteanOperations-GODNN@aptean.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.