http://www.rmhc.org.au/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
RMHC maintains this website www.rmhc.org.au for your information, education, enjoyment and use. Please feel free to browse the website.
Please read these Notices and Terms & Conditions carefully. By accessing and browsing the website, you agree to accept, without limitation or qualification, the Privacy Policy (available by clicking the Privacy Policy link) and the Age Requirement, Legal Notices, Anti-Spam Notice and Website Terms and Conditions stated below.
AGE REQUIREMENT
YOU MAY ONLY ENTER AND USE THE WEBSITE IF YOU ARE AGED 16 OR OLDER. If you are under 16 years of age, you must have the express consent of a parent or legal guardian before using this website.
LEGAL NOTICES
If you are browsing this website as a non-commercial consumer, you may access material displayed on the website for your non-commercial, personal use only and subject to the Website Terms and Conditions stated below.
If you are browsing this website as an employee/agent/member of any business or organisation, you may access or download material displayed on the website only in accordance with the Website Terms and Conditions stated below. This permission is specifically conditioned on you maintaining all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained on the materials and keeping all such material intact and in the same form as presented on the website. Additionally, you may not:
a. distribute or transmit, modify, reuse, republish, frame, upload to a third party, report, or use the contents of the website for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Ronald McDonald House Charities’ prior written permission; or
b. use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” or use any sponsored or paid Google or other search engine sponsored search results / sponsored links that utilise keywords that directly relate to any Ronald McDonald House Charities name, trade indicia, trademark, logo, product or brand without Ronald McDonald House Charities’ prior written permission.
Your access to and use of the website is also subject to the Website Terms and Conditions stated below and all applicable laws. The material on this website resides on a server in the state of New South Wales, Australia. The law applicable to use of the material and to disputes arising out of the material is the state of New South Wales, Australia.
ANTI-SPAM NOTICE
Publication of electronic addresses on the website is for the purpose of professional communication only and must not be used to infer consent to the receipt of unsolicited commercial electronic messages.
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
All material on the website is protected by all applicable laws including copyright and trademark laws unless otherwise specifically noted and may not be used except as permitted in these Website Terms and Conditions or in the text on the website.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE
Material from the www.rmhc.org.au website and any other World Wide Web website owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Ronald McDonald House Charities or any of its related, affiliated, or subsidiary companies (together, “Ronald McDonald House Charities” may not be copied or distributed, or republished, uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way, without the prior written consent of Ronald McDonald House Charities EXCEPT: you may download one copy of the material on one computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. Modification or use of the materials for any other purpose violates Ronald McDonald House Charities’ intellectual property rights. The material in this website is provided for lawful purposes only. If you download software from our website, the software, including all files, images, contained in or generated by the software, and accompanying data (together, the "Software") are deemed to be licensed to you by Ronald McDonald House Charities. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to you, but remain with Ronald McDonald House Charities, who owns full and complete title. You may not resell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert the Software to a human perceivable form.
The information contained in this website is intended for use by persons resident in Australia. Any promotion, competition,product or service identified or contained in this website is subject to the applicable terms and conditions, which are available for download at the relevant page of this website promoting the applicable promotion, competition, product or service, or alternatively such terms and conditions are available upon request from Ronald McDonald House Charities via the “contact us” link.
RESTRICTION OF LIABILITY
Your use of the website is at your risk. Ronald McDonald House Charities (and its employees, servants or agents) makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy and, to the extent permitted by law, Ronald McDonald House Charities (and its employees, servants or agents) specifically disclaims any liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the website. Neither Ronald McDonald House Charities (and its employees, servants or agents) nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, or inability to use or access, the website whether due to a breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, or otherwise even if Ronald McDonald House Charities has been notified or advised of the possibility of such damages. Except as otherwise stated in the text of a webpage of this website or as required by law, everything on the website and all Ronald McDonald House Charities products displayed on the website are provided to you "AS IS" and, to the extent permitted by law, is provided WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. RONALD MCDONALD HOUSE CHARITIES DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIAL WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. RONALD MCDONALD HOUSE CHARITIES DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF OR THE RESULT OF THE USE OF THE MATERIAL IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT RONALD MCDONALD HOUSE CHARITIES) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
Statutory warranties that are implied under Part V Division 2 Trade Practices Act 1974 are not excluded if goods are of a kind ordinarily acquired for personal, domestic or household use.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Ronald McDonald House Charities’ liability for breach of implied warranties, conditions or undertakings which cannot be excluded is limited, at Ronald McDonald House Charities’ option, to: in the case of goods: (i) the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods; (ii) the repair of such goods; (iii) the payment of the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring equivalent goods; or (iv) the payment of the cost of having the goods repaired; and in the case of services: (i) the supply of the services again; or (ii) the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
Features and information of third party suppliers, third party products and/or services described or depicted on the website, or available for enquiry or application through website hyperlinks, including, without limitation, availability and descriptions of products or services as displayed on the website and via website hyperlinks are subject to change at any time without notice.
Ronald McDonald House Charities assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the website (including accessing hyperlinks) or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the website. Ronald McDonald House Charities also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any interruptions or errors in access to the website or the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, security or reliability of any communications (including, without limitation, any transactions) made through or in relation to the website.
SUBMISSIONS
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated to Ronald McDonald House Charities through this website (together, the "Submission") will forever be the property of Ronald McDonald House Charities. Ronald McDonald House Charities will not be required to treat any Submission as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for its business (including without limitation, product, or advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future Ronald McDonald House Charities operations. Without limitation, Ronald McDonald House Charities will have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to the Submission of every kind and nature everywhere. Except as noted below in this paragraph, Ronald McDonald House Charities will be entitled to use the Submission for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever without compensation to you or any other person sending the Submission. Personally identifiable information that may be received at this website is provided voluntarily by a visitor to this website.
For full details regarding Ronald McDonald House Charities’ treatment of personal information, please see Ronald McDonald House Charities’ Privacy Policy. Information submitted via a number of areas in this website is not retained. Therefore, the above right to use Submissions is subject to this limited use of this information and excludes non-retained information. You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not Ronald McDonald House Charities have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
Materials and third party logos, brands and trade names displayed on the website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Ronald McDonald House Charities. The use of these materials by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Website Terms and Conditions or specific permission is provided elsewhere on the website or specific permission is obtained from the third party owners. Any unauthorized use of images and third party logos, brands and trade names may violate copyright laws, trade mark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and civil and criminal statues.
JURISDICTION
Except as described otherwise, all materials in the Ronald McDonald House Charities website are made available only to provide information about Ronald McDonald House Charities. Ronald McDonald House Charities controls and operates this website from Sydney, Australia and makes no representation that these materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this website from other locations you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
DISCLAIMER
Ronald McDonald House Charities is not responsible for the content of any website linked to or from the website. Your linking to any other website is entirely at your own risk. While Ronald McDonald House Charities may provide links on this website to other sites, the inclusion of such links is for your convenience and information only and should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the owner/sponsor of the website or the content of the website. To the extent permitted by law, Ronald McDonald House Charities disclaims all warranties, express and implied, as to the accuracy, validity, and legality or otherwise of any materials or information contained on such sites.
Although Ronald McDonald House Charities may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards and the like on the website, Ronald McDonald House Charities is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the contents of any such communications nor for any error, defamation, libel, obscenity, profanity, or inaccuracy contained in any such communication. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libellous, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. By accessing and browsing the website, you agree that you shall indemnify, and keep indemnified, Ronald McDonald House Charities from and against any claim, action, damage, loss, liability, cost, payment, charge or expense including but not limited to consequential loss, economic loss and legal expenses (calculated on a solicitor/client basis) suffered or incurred by Ronald McDonald House Charities arising out of any claim or action that results from your accessing and use of the website or in connection with any breach by you of these Website Terms and Conditions.
Ronald McDonald House Charities will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Ronald McDonald House Charities to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials. In addition, you will not:
a. Restrict or inhibit any other user from using or enjoying the website;
b. Post, transmit or in any way exploit any material of any kind for commercial purposes, or which contains any promotional material or advertising; or
c. Download any material posted by any other user if you know, or ought reasonably to know, that such material cannot legally be distributed in such a manner.
Any order placed by you on the website or on a linked website is an offer by you to purchase the particular product or service specified. Ronald McDonald House Charities and the third party linked website owner reserves the right to accept or reject your offer for any reason, including, without limitation, an error in your order or in the material on the website, or the unavailability of the product or service. The contract to purchase the particular product or service only comes into existence in accordance with the stated Terms and Conditions of Sale of that product or service.
TERMINATION
Ronald McDonald House Charities or you may terminate this agreement at any time. You may terminate this agreement by destroying: (a) all materials obtained from all Ronald McDonald House Charities sites, and (b) all related documentation and all copies and installations (together, the "Materials"). Ronald McDonald House Charities may terminate this agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials.
MISCELLANEOUS
These Terms and Conditions will be governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New South Wales, Australia, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of this website for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this website.
Ronald McDonald House Charities may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. Since you are bound by these Terms and Conditions, you should therefore periodically visit this page, by clicking the Terms & Conditions link.
Ronald McDonald House Charities products and services are available in many parts of the world. However, the Ronald McDonald House Charities website may describe products and services that are not available worldwide. Ronald McDonald House Charities reserves the right to change any price, product, service or new item without notice. All promotional items are subject to availability. Prices may vary between restaurants.
TRADEMARK INFORMATION
The following trademarks used herein are owned by the McDonald's Corporation (USA) and its affiliates: McDonald's, Golden Arches, Golden Arches Logo, Single Arch Logo, McDonaldland and the McDonaldland character names and designs, Filet-O-Fish, Big Mac, Quarter Pounder, Chicken McNuggets, Ronald McDonald House, Ronald McDonald House Charities, RMHC, McFamily, McNuggets, Twoallbeefpattiesspecialsaucelettucecheesepicklesonionsonasesameseedbun, Happy Meal Box Design, French Fry Box Design, Speedee Logo, Ronald McDonald House Charities Logo, Ronald McDonald House Design, World Famous Fries, The House That Love Built Design, Mac Attack, Super Size, Lift Kids To A Better Tomorrow, Sausage McMuffin, McDonald's Means Opportunity, McDonald's Means Opportunities, McDonald's Camp Quality Puppets, McHappy Day, Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Only McDonald's, McValue Meal, Happy Meal, McMuffin, Ronald McDonald, McChicken, MacZone, Hamburglar, Birdie, The Early Bird, Grimace, Fry Kids, McNugget Buddies, Cheeseburger Chorus, Amisconde.
Ronald McDonald House Charities and its affiliates make no representation of the availability of any product or service specified herein.
Only intended for Australian residents. All other trademarks are the property of the respective trademark owners. © 2001 Ronald McDonald House Charities. All rights reserved.
How you can help
Make a donation
Support our charity or your local house
Become a volunteer
See the openings in your area
Other ways to help