https://www.holy-comforter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Email
How to find us
From the pulpit
Parish News
Who We Are
History of the Holy Comforter
A look ahead
Virtual yard sale begins . . .
A Prayer In Time Of Calamity
and Online Giving Portal
Find Us Address
135 Ashville Circle
Montevallo, AL  35115
(205) 665-2769
Regular services:
10 a.m. Sundays, Holy Eucharist. 5:30 p.m. Wednesdays, Evening Prayer in the Nave of the Church followed by Holy Eucharist.
Search
Search for:
About This Site Established in 1983, the Anglican Church of the Holy Comforter is a parish in the Diocese of the Atlantic States of the Anglican Province of Christ the King.
Subscribe via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this page and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Subscribe
We can keep a secret
As a defense against spam, this site automatically collects the data shown in the comments form as well as the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string.  This data is never shared with anyone, nor used for any other purpose.  All comments must be approved prior to publication on this site.
Can you?
If you send images to be uploaded to this website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website could download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
Cookies are best with coffee, lemonade or other soft drinks.  However, if you leave a comment on this site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.  If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
We do not receive data from third parties, nor do we utilize data for automated decision-making or profiling.