http://www.forthepeople.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Menu
Close Search
Locations
Back
Locations
Alabama
Back
Alabama
Birmingham
Mobile
Arkansas
California
Florida
Back
Florida
Big Pine Key
Bradenton
Daytona Beach
DeLand
Fort Lauderdale
Fort Myers
Gainesville
Jacksonville
Kissimmee
Lakeland: Kentucky Avenue
Lakeland
Melbourne
Miami
Naples
Ocala
Orlando: Pine Hills
Orlando: South Semoran
Orlando
Panama City
Pensacola
Sarasota
St. Augustine
St. Petersburg
Tallahassee
Tampa
Tavares
Titusville
West Palm Beach
West Tampa
Winter Haven
Georgia
Back
Georgia
Atlanta
Brunswick
Columbus
Macon
Savannah
Indiana
Back
Indiana
Evansville
New Albany
Kentucky
Back
Kentucky
Bowling Green
Lexington
Louisville
Owensboro
Paducah
Prestonsburg
Massachusetts
Michigan
Mississippi
New York
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Tennessee
Back
Tennessee
Memphis
Nashville
Texas
West Virginia
View All Locations
Practice Areas
Back
Practice Areas
Business Interruption Claims
Car Accidents
Personal Injury
Back
Personal Injury
Auto Accident
Slip and Fall
Truck Accident
Burn Injury
Amusement Park Accidents
Boating Accident
Brain Injuries
Bus Accident
Cell Tower Accidents
Child Sexual Abuse
Dog Bite
Motorcycle Accident
Sexual Assault
Spinal Cord Injuries
Train Accident
Wrongful Death
View All
Mass Arbitration
Back
Mass Arbitration
Door Dash/GrubHub
Smile Direct
Uber/Lyft Drivers
Mass Tort
Medical Malpractice
Premises Liability
Negligence
Back
Negligence
Birth Injury
Child Sexual Abuse
Dam Breach
Explosions
Gas Explosions
Medical Malpractice
Mesothelioma
Nursing Home Abuse
Pipeline Explosions
Plant Explosions
Sex Trafficking
Tangelo Park
Workers' Compensation
Workplace
Back
Workplace
Construction Accident
Discrimination
FELA
FMLA
Labor & Employment
Mesothelioma
Tip Pooling
Unpaid Overtime
Workers' Compensation
Business Litigation
Back
Business Litigation
Accounting Malpractice
Antitrust Litigation
Breach of Contract
Construction Litigation
Eminent Domain
Employment Law
FINRA Arbitration
Intellectual Property
Investor Fraud
Probate, Trust & Estates
Professional Malpractice
Real Estate
Shareholder & Partnership Disputes
Shareholder Derivatives
Unpaid Commissions
View All
Civil Rights
Back
Civil Rights
Civil Rights & Liberties
Police Brutality
Jail Injury
Police Dog Injury
Wrongful Arrest
Jail Sexual Assault
Police Shooting
Class Actions
Consumer
Back
Consumer
Breach of Warranty
Consumer Fraud
Credit Report Errors
Data Breach
Debt Harassment
Fair Credit Reporting Act
Identity Theft
Securities Fraud
Dangerous Drugs
Defective Products
Back
Defective Products
3M Earplugs
Dicamba Drift
Juul
Roundup
Takata
Talcum Powder
View All
Insurance Disputes
Back
Insurance Disputes
Accidental Death & Dismemberment
Bad Faith Claims
Business Interruption Claim
Business Property Losses
Cast Iron Pipes
Fire Claims
Hail Damage
Homeowners
Hurricane & Storm Damage
Life Insurance Benefits
Lightning Damage
Long-Term Disability
Motor Vehicles
PIP Claims
Sinkholes
Tornadoes
View All
Mesothelioma
Sexual Abuse
Social Security Disability
Veteran Benefits Denied
Whistleblower & Qui Tam
View All
Personal Injury
Attorneys
About
Back
About
Who We Are
In the Community
Testimonials
Resources
Back
Resources
Car Accidents
The Truth
Workers’ Compensation
Blog
FAQ
In the Media
Pound Law
Referrals
TV Commercials
Careers
En Español
Our Results
Jimmy
Contact
search
Call Now  •  Open 24/7
877 667 4265
877 667 4265
close search
Popular Topics
Orlando Office
Car Accidents
Mesothelioma
Bus Accidents
Workplace
Matt Morgan
Personal Injury
Social Security
Medical Malpractice
MORGAN & MORGAN, P.A. PRIVACY POLICY
CONSUMER COMMUNICATION
To ensure that consumers’ inquiries are handled accurately, courteously, and promptly, phone calls between you and Morgan & Morgan or any of our affiliates, agents, case managers, paralegals, and/or attorneys may be recorded. We may from time to time make calls and/or send text messages to you at any telephone number associated with your account. The manner in which these calls or text (SMS) messages are made to you may include, but is not limited to, the use of prerecorded/artificial voice messages and/or an automatic telephone dialing system. You certify, warrant, and represent that the telephone numbers you have provided to us are your contact numbers. You represent that you are permitted to receive calls at each of the telephone numbers you have provided to us. You agree that Morgan & Morgan may send emails to you at any email address you provide us, or use other electronic means of communication to the extent permitted by law.
GENERAL
Morgan & Morgan, P.A. and its affiliates (referred to herein as “MM”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to complying with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), which describes what information we collect about you, how we use it, with whom we may share it, and what choices you have regarding our use of your information. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on our website located at https://forthepeople.com, any webpage that MM maintains that links to this Privacy Policy, any current or future mobile applications associated with MM or the website, and other online or wireless offerings that post a link to the Privacy Policy or otherwise provided to, or collected by, us in connection with the services we provide (collectively, the “Services”).
Morgan & Morgan Onboarding is a standard-rate, recurring SMS and MMS program which assists new clients of the firm in the onboarding process.   Message and data rates may apply. By opting into Morgan & Morgan Onboarding, end-users agree to receive pre-written SMS messages from or on behalf of Morgan & Morgan via short code 529529 and understand that consent is not a condition of service.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Definition of Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that, either alone or in combination with other information, identifies you. Examples of Personal Information include, among others, name, email address, phone number, and mailing address. Personal Information also includes certain information we collect when you retain MM to represent you in legal matters, including the distribution of settlement or other payments to you, if applicable. This information can include your Social Security number and financial account numbers.
Information You Provide Us. While using our Services, including contacting us, creating an account, or applying for a position, we may ask you to provide us with information (including Personal Information) such as your name, e-mail, phone number, and zip code. Certain features of the website and/or mobile application may allow you to upload information about prescription medicines that interest you. Further, where expressly designated by MM, some portions of the Services may be used by active MM clients to communicate pursuant to an attorney/client relationship. You may choose whether or not to provide such information; however, the information may be required to respond to your request.
Information Collected Automatically. We and our third party providers may use cookies and other technologies such as log files, tracking pixels, and analytic tools and services to collect information (including Personal Information) automatically from you. Such information includes your IP address, location information, the type of the web browser and operating system you use, browsing activities, usage information, and any other information that your web browsing software or Internet Service Provider automatically provides to our Services.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small piece of data stored by your web browser on your computer or mobile device. We use cookies to collect information from you regarding your usage of the Services in order to remember user preferences and settings, personalize your experience with the Services, and for security purposes. You may opt-out of the automatic collection of some information by referring to your web browser’s or mobile device’s options or settings menu. However, doing so may disable many of the portions, features, or functionality of the Services. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences or visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org for more information.
ONLINE ANALYTICS
We may use third party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics and Mouseflow, in order to better understand your use of our Services and how we can improve them. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other usage information. For more information regarding how Google collects, uses, and shares your information please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. For more information on Mouseflow’s privacy practices, please visit https://mouseflow.com/privacy/. To prevent data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the opt-out browser add-on at: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. You can opt out of Mouseflow analytics at: https://mouseflow.com/opt-out/.
HOW WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the Personal Information we collect:
to facilitate your requests for a free case evaluation and determine your legal needs;
to provide you with legal and other services you request;
to create and manage your account;
to respond to your inquiries and communicate with you, including placing calls or sending texts using any automated technology, including prerecorded messages;
to send you newsletters, legal updates, event information, marketing communications, and other information that may interest you;
to operate, troubleshoot, and improve the Service;
to understand how people are using the Services, including by generating and analyzing statistics;
to improve and customize communications and advertisements;
to evaluate, recruit, and hire personnel;
to enforce our Terms of Use;
to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and legal processes; and/or
to protect our rights or property, and the security and integrity of our business, the Services, users, and our third party business partners and service providers.
HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
MM may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as web-hosting companies, mailing vendors, analytics providers, event hosting services, and information technology providers.
MM may disclose aggregate, de-identified information (i.e. stripped of information that identifies you) to third parties in connection with internal analysis or marketing.
MM may share, at your direction or with your permission, your Personal Information with other law firms and/or other lawyers where we jointly represent a client and when we refer cases or potential cases to other counsel, or as otherwise required in connection with our legal representation of you. Personal Information provided pursuant to an attorney/client relationship may not be shared with third parties except as is done with such precautions to preserve the confidentiality of such information and any attorney/client privilege as may attach to such information.
MM may disclose Personal Information to comply with laws, regulations or other legal obligations, to assist in an investigation, to protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of third parties, to enforce our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy or agreements with third parties, or for crime-prevention purposes.
MM may disclose your Personal Information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a transaction in which MM is acquired by or merged with another business, or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
MM may otherwise disclose your Personal Information in accordance with your consent.
WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE?
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can let us know by sending an email to contact@forthepeople.com or by mail at the address provided below in “Contact Us”. The electronic marketing communications we send may also contain an opt-out mechanism. Please note that it may take up to 10 calendar days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. Please also contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if you believe that any information that we have collected about you is inaccurate.
INFORMATION SECURITY
MM takes commercially reasonable measures to secure and protect the Personal Information we collect. Nevertheless, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of your Personal Information. Moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to us over networks that we do not control, including the Internet and wireless networks.
LINKED WEBSITES
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or social media features that may be accessed through links that we provide for your convenience and information. Accessing those links will cause you to leave MM’s website and may result in the collection of information about you by a third party. We do not control, endorse or make any representations about those third party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your information.
DO NOT TRACK REQUESTS
We adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy and do not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests.
USING THE SERVICES FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
If you are using the Services from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using any portion of the Services, you understand and consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Information online from children under the age of 13. Please contact us as provided below in the Contact Us section if you believe we may have collected such information without parental or guardian consent.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Services who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of “Personal Information” (as defined by California law) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to contact@forthepeople.com.
In addition, the state of California provides California residents with certain other rights concerning their Personal Information. This section describes (1) the categories of Personal Information, collected and disclosed by MM, subject to California privacy law, (2) your privacy rights under California privacy law, and (3) how to exercise your rights.
1. Collection and Disclosure of Categories of Personal Information under California Privacy Law
In accordance with California law, we may have collected the following categories of Personal Information within the preceding 12 months:
Identifiers (for example, name, postal address, date of birth, email address, IP address, and online identifiers);
Signature, Taxpayer Identification Number, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license number, insurance policy number, account numbers, and other categories of Personal Information as defined by Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80;
Protected classifications under California or federal law (for example, age, citizenship status, national origin or ancestry);
Commercial information (for example, records of services purchased or other purchasing histories);
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information on your usage of our Sites;
Geolocation data;
Sensory data (for example, video and audio recordings);
Professional or employment-related information;
Education information; and
Inferences drawn from any information identified above.
On an as needed basis, and in accordance with our confidentiality obligations, we may disclose each of these categories of Personal Information with our co-counsel, referral counsel, or service providers for business purposes (for example, to facilitate our representation of you or to enable the service providers to provide their services) and as otherwise described in the “How We May Share Your Information” section above.
MM has not sold personal information about consumers within 12 month period preceding the date of this Privacy Policy.
2. Your Privacy Rights Under California Law
Under California law, subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the following rights with respect to their Personal Information:
Privacy Right
Description
Notice
You have the right to be notified of what categories of Personal Information will be collected at or before the point of collection and the purposes for which they will be used and shared.
Access
You have the right to request information on the categories of Personal Information that we collected in the previous twelve (12) months, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected, the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you, and the business purposes for which such Personal Information is collected and shared. You also have the right to request information on the categories of Personal Information which were disclosed for business purposes, and the categories of third parties in the twelve (12) months preceding your request for your Personal Information.
Erasure
You have the right to request to have your Personal Information deleted from our servers and we will direct our service providers to do the same. However, please be aware that we may not fulfill your request for deletion if we (or our service provider(s)) are required to retain your Personal Information for one or more of the following categories of purposes: (1) to complete a transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or complete a contract between us and you; (2) to ensure our website integrity, security, and functionality; (3) to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law; (4) to otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
3. How to Enforce Your California Privacy Rights
If you would like to exercise your rights listed above, please send (or have your authorized agent send) an email to contact@forthepeople.com or call us toll-free at: 1-(844) 256-4550. You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by any business when you exercise of your California privacy rights.
While we take measures to ensure that those responsible for receiving and responding to your request are informed of your rights and how to help you exercise those rights, when contacting us to exercise your rights, we ask you to please adhere to the following guidelines:
Tell Us Which Right You Are Exercising: Specify which right you want to exercise and the Personal Information to which your request relates (if not to you). If you are acting on behalf of another consumer, please clearly indicate this fact and your authority to act on such consumer’s behalf.
Help Us Verify Your Identity: Provide us with information to verify your identify. Please note that if we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. Any Personal Information you disclose to us for purposes of verifying your identity will solely be used for the purpose of verification.
Direct Our Response Delivery: Please provide us with an e-mail or mailing address through which we can provide our response. If you make the request by email, unless otherwise requested, we will assume that we can respond to the email address from which you made the request.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
MM may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or in applicable law. Such changes will be effective upon posting the revised Privacy Policy on our Services. You will be able to tell when this Privacy Policy was last updated by the Last Updated date included at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. By continuing to use our Services, or communicating electronically with us thereafter, you agree to accept such changes to this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or MM’s information privacy practices, please contact us at:
E-mail: contact@forthepeople.com
Telephone: (407) 420-1414
Mail: Morgan & Morgan, PA, 850 3rd Avenue, Suite 402, Brooklyn, NY 11209
LAST UPDATED: December 23, 2019
Get A Free Case Evaluation
×
first_name
last_name
phone
postal_code_billing
email
How can we help?
- Case Type -
Car Accident
Slip & Fall
Medical Injury
Hurt at Work
Nursing Home
Other Injury
Mesothelioma
Insurance Dispute
Employment Issue
Business Dispute
Social Security
Childhood Sex Abuse
Veteran Disability
Civil Rights
Unwanted Phone Calls
Other
lead_details
ftp_terms_of_service
By submitting you agree to our Terms & Privacy Policy.
litigation
tracked_landing_timestamp
tracked_landing_page
conversion_page
marketing_source
handling_firm
ga_client_id
case_type