http://www.uuworld.org/about/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
Site menu, logo, and search
UU World: liberal religion and life
Search
MenuX Close
Current Issue
Spring 2020
Site menu
BrowseBy Department
By Author
Past Issues
Search
The MagazineAbout UU World
Subscribe
Advertise
Classifieds
Submissions
Contact
ConnectFacebook
Twitter
Flickr
Tumblr
Newsletter
Close
Share or print menu
Share by Email
Share by Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Tumblr
Print-friendly Page
Main Content
You are here
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Unitarian Universalist Association of Congregations. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
UU World
Unitarian Universalist Association of Congregations
24 Farnsworth Street
Boston MA 02210
or send email to world [at] uua [dot] org
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of the member societies of the Unitarian Universalist Association of Congregations (UUA) is that we will covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors to uuworld.org and to the UUA institutional website, uua.org.
Personal Information
Our sites collect personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, email address, credit card numbers. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site.
High grade encryption and https security protocols are used for collecting personal information associated with financial transactions.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. Typically this is in the form of an order for material from the UUA Bookstore, but it may on occasion include other voluntary submittals of similar information for survey purposes or for event registrations.
We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations. However, website users should be aware that posting to the website's various bulletin boards may result in their name and email address being acquired by other parties. The UUA cannot prevent this from happening, since the bulletin boards are open to public viewing. Bulletin board posts may also be accessed as the result of a web search. The UUA also cannot prevent this from happening.
Credit Card Information
The UUA accepts payments for products or donations through our web site. We make every effort to protect the safety and security of your transaction. We use high-grade encryption and the https security protocol to communicate with your browser software. This method is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it extremely difficult for anyone else to intercept the credit card information you send to us.
Information Accuracy
UU World makes every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, the UUA will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about UUA's Internet Privacy Policy please email us at world [at] uua [dot] org .
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than UUA. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. The UUA does not control such web sites and is not responsible for their contents. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Advertising
Newsletter
Sign up for UU World’s free email newsletter: *
Please note: newsletter on hiatus
Advertising
Advertising