https://www.jewishfederations.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting jewishfederations.org. This is the Web site of the The Jewish Federations of North America, Inc., a non-profit organization dedicated to improving people's lives locally and globally. Our offices are located at 25 Broadway, Suite 1700, NYC, NY 10004. Our telephone number is 212-284-6500. Our facsimile number is 212-284-6835. Our email address is info@jewishfederations.org.
The main purpose of our Web site is to provide information and services to individuals and to Federation Web sites. Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting it and to making you aware of our online practices regarding the privacy of your information.
Information collected
Our Web site does not automatically collect any individually identifiable information, such as email addresses, from visitors.
We collect personal information when you provide it in the course of interacting with the site. At the jewishfederations.org site or one of the Federations or other sites that use Fedweb, you may be able to register and create a user profile for courses or events, make use of a career center or volunteer center, subscribe to an email newsletter, sign up for broadcast email, take part in message boards or chat, send greeting cards, participate in polls or surveys, or make a donation. In so doing, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, or information about your interests and activities. When registering on a Fedweb site, we may also ask you to choose a security question to answer (such as your mother's maiden name or your pet's name). If you send a greeting card, you must provide the name and e-mail address of the recipient.
If your personal information changes and you wish to update it (such as your address), or if you wish to delete your information, you can make changes to your user profile on the site.  If this should prove insufficient, you may contact your local site administrator who will correct, update or remove your personal information as requested.
We also may collect information that is not personally identifiable, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon FIOS). This information is helpful for improving your experience on the Site.
How the information is used
We may use the information you give us to provide services to you, at your request. We may use it to communicate with you through periodic messages regarding services, events, and other information and notices we believe you may find interesting or useful. We may use it for confirmation of donations, registrations, or other actions you take on our site, and for related customer service needs. We use information you provide about others to enable us to send them your greeting cards.
If you are a registered user, you may alter your user profile in order to remove your name from our e-mail recipient list.
We do not sell, rent, swap or otherwise share our mailing lists with other organizations. Any personal information you provide to a Fedweb site will not be disseminated to third parties outside of the Federations.
We may use the information that is not personally identifiable to analyze the design and functioning of our site in order to make site improvements. We may use such information in the aggregate to analyze site usage.
We will disclose personally identifiable information when required to do so by law.
Cookies
Our site makes limited use of cookies.  A cookie is a small file that is saved on your computer browser that contains information related to your use of a site.  We use cookies to personalize your experience on our site by recognizing your name when you return.  If you are a registered user, a cookie may link to your user profile as a convenience to bypass the necessity of logging in.  If you reject cookies, you might experience limited usability in some areas of our site.
Security
Fedweb.org uses appropriate procedures to ensure the security of your personal information and to and protect it from unauthorized access. In particular, when we ask you to enter credit card information, we use the top industry standard security protection, including encryption, Secure Sockets Layer  (SSL) transmission connection, and a secure server for information storage. Encryption keys are secured by Verisign. For more information on SSL and web security, seehttp://www.verisign.com.
While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just "surfing."
Links
We provide links to other Web sites that we believe you will find useful. We ask you to recognize that Fedweb is not responsible in any way for the privacy practices of these other sites.