http://www.wilentz.com/misc/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook
Your privacy is important to us.  This notice explains our privacy policy and the choices you can make about the way your information is used at our website.
Personal Information.  You may generally browse our website anonymously without providing any personal identifying information.  However, we will collect personal information if you provide it to us in the following circumstances:
You request additional information regarding our services or publications or sign up for our newsletters;
You register to attend an event we are hosting;
You submit a Consultation Request form;
You submit a question through our contact form, send us an email through the website, or submit a comment on our blog;
You apply for employment.
We use this information to respond to your requests or inquiries.  With the exception of vendors providing hosting, database management, and development services related to the operation of our website, we will not disclose or sell your personal information unless approved by you or required by law.
Our site contains links to other sites that may have different information practices.  Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Cookies and Usage Information Collection.  We may collect details of visits to individual webpages.  The information collected may include browser and device information, referring web page, length of time spent, and pages accessed while visiting our website.  This usage information is collected to help us manage and administer our website, improve the content of our website, and customize and improve the website user experience.
We use cookies to track user preferences.  A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them.  If you prefer not to receive cookies through our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence.  You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser.  If you choose not to accept cookies, some of the features of our site may be disabled or rendered unusable.
Children under 13 years old are not the target audience of this site.  By making this site available to the public, we do not intend to solicit personal information from these children.  If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide any personal information about yourself to us.
Policy Changes.  We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time.  Please review the policy periodically for changes.  You can email any questions regarding this policy to GC@wilentz.com.
Last Revised: 6/4/2020