http://www.bethelpcr.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Who we are
Where we are
Our Hope and Vision
Our history
Beliefs
Worship
Leadership
Terms and Conditions
AGREEMENT BETWEEN USER AND BETHEL PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, CARDIFF
The Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site is comprised of various Web pages operated by Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff.
The Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE
Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site may contain links to other Web Sites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff and Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff of the site or any association with its operators.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site, you warrant to Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff that you will not use the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Sites.
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES
The Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff's sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
MATERIALS PROVIDED TO BETHEL PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, CARDIFF OR POSTER AT ANY BETHEL PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, CARDIFF WEB SITE
Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site or its associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff's sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
The information, software, products, and services included in or available through the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site at any time. advice received via the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site for any purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty or condition of any kind. Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site, with the delay or inability to use the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff web site.
Service contact : info@bethelpcr.org.uk
TERMINATION / ACCESS RESTRICTION
Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. GENERAL To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A. and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in King County, Washington, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site. Use of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff as a result of this agreement or use of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site. Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site or information provided to or gathered by Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff with respect to the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff with respect to the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES:
All contents of the Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff Web Site are: Copyright 2014 by Bethel Presbyterian Church, Cardiff and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved.
TRADEMARKS
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
GENERAL
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
...
Telephone - +44 (0)29 2059 5000 | email - bethelpczoom@gmail.com | Reg.
Charity No. 1109330 | CCLI No. 689956 / 689970Privacy and Terms |
Contact
Scroll to top