https://www.johnmarshall.edu/about/institutional-policies/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Mission
History
Accreditation
Atlanta Living
Board of Directors
GivingJohn Marshall Law School Foundation
Donate to Atlanta’s John Marshall Law School
Careers at AJMLS
Institutional PoliciesPrivacy Policy
Annual Security Report
Facilities and Directions
Marketing and Communications
At Atlanta’s John Marshall Law School (“AJMLS”), privacy is very important. AJMLS wants individuals to feel comfortable visiting and submitting personal information to www.johnmarshall.edu (the “Site”) and submitting personal information to AJMLS and its employees and agents. AJMLS does not sell or trade personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include transmitting this information to trusted outside parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or providing a service to you, so long as those parties agree to keep your information confidential. The information that you provide to AJMLS is available to all AJMLS employees and agents. This information, including but not limited to your email addresses, phone numbers and physical addresses, may be used to process your order and/or service request; to send you information, news, and e-communications; to provide you updates; or for various other purposes deemed by AJMLS to be safe and secure. Moreover, AJMLS may release personal information to third parties to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrants, subpoenas or court orders, or in special cases, to protect the rights, property or safety of Atlanta’s John Marshall Law School, its employees and/or its agents. Non-personally identifiable information may be used by AJMLS for marketing, advertising or other uses. Please note that we do not collect any information from children through the Site or any other means, and our website, products and services are directed entirely to people who are at least 18 years of age or older. When you visit our Site, you may provide AJMLS with different types of information. Some information may be personal information you knowingly choose to disclose and other information may be collected from you as you and others browse our Site using server logs, “cookies” and other technologies. Similar to commercial websites, our Site may use standard technologies to collect information about how our Site is utilized. Information gathered this way may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the websites visited just before and just after our Site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. Atlanta’s John Marshall Law School operates secure networks based on industry standard firewall and protection systems. We make substantial efforts to protect all of our information. Although we will strive to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the internet, and information may be lost or stolen in extreme circumstances. By using our Site or communicating with AJMLS or one of its employees, you consent to this Privacy Statement. If AJMLS changes its privacy policy, it will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from any or all AJMLS communications and/or update or delete any information you may have submitted to AJMLS, or if you have any question regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Office of the Dean: 1422 West Peachtree Street, NW Atlanta, GA 30309 or (678) 916/2603. Information listed on the Site, or through any other communication to or from AJMLS or its employees, may be inaccurate. The law school reserves the right to change any and all content that may affect its visitors without notice. The information contained here is not to be regarded as creating a binding contract between any visitor to the website and the school. This policy was modified on February 19, 2013.
© 2020 Atlanta's John Marshall Law School