https://www.mbda.gov/page/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting an Minority Business Development Agency (MBDA) web site. MBDA's mission is to achieve entrepreneurial parity for MBEs by actively promoting their ability to grow and compete in the global economy. In support of its activities, MBDA is occasionally required to collect business or personal information from our customers. We do not collect this type of information without the voluntary consent of the site visitor.
The main purpose of this policy is to inform our visitors that you have rights under the Privacy Act, that all business or personal information provided to MBDA is on a voluntary basis, and that information provided will be protected to the extent permitted by the Privacy Act of 1974 and the Freedom of Information Act of 1966. At each location where information is collected, we make every effort to explain explicitly how the information you provide will be used, and we allow you to determine if you consent to provide such information. Voluntarily submitting information constitutes your consent for MBDA to use the information for the purpose stated and indicates to us you are aware of MBDA's Privacy Policy provisions. For more information on the Freedom of Information Act and your rights under the Privacy Act please visit the Federal Citizen Information Center site at https://www.usa.gov/.
Our sites do not use "persistent cookies" or any persistent tracking technologies that can identify a specific visitor, or information about that visitor, over multiple visits. However, some MBDA websites do use "session cookies" that identify the visitor for the duration of a browsing session. Session cookies are deleted from our Web servers when your session ends.
MBDA does collect certain non-personal information to help us better service our site visitors. Information collected includes for example: the IP (Internet Protocol) address from which you accessed our site; the IP address of the website from which you linked to us; the name of your domain; the type of browser and operating system you are using; the date and time our site is accessed; and the pages visited. This information does not identify you personally.
Information Collected from E-Mail, Forms and through Site Registration:
Information you submit may be viewed by various people within the MBDA, its funded projects and other Federal agencies actively involved in supporting minority entrepreneurs.. If you register on one of our web sites to obtain a benefit, or use any of our services, you may submit personally identifiable information, such as name, title, name/size of company, or address. Certain MBDA services are reserved for U.S. firms and we may use the registration information to contact you for verification purposes before allowing access to the requested service. Information collected from the public on our websites has been authorized by The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) (http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/) as required under the Paperwork Reduction Act.
Security, Intrusion, and Detection:
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage to our websites, are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under applicable Federal law. Data traffic is monitored in order to identify unauthorized activities and to help ensure that MBDA Web services remain available to our users.
Search Engine Indexing Policy:
This site uses a tool which collects your requests for pages and passes elements of them to search engines to assist them in indexing this site. MBDA controls the configuration of the tool and are responsible for any information sent to the search engines.
Links to Other Web Sites:
Our websites contain links to other federal agencies and private organizations. Websites of those organizations may contain links to outside organizations. This linking does not constitute an endorsement by MBDA. These links are provided for user convenience only.
The appearance of hyperlinks to other sites does not constitute endorsement by the Minority Business Development Agency of these web sites or the information, products or services contained therein.
Regarding non-MBDA web sites, we do not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. These links are provided consistent with MBDA's stated purpose as shown on our web site.
We recommend that you review the website's information collection policy or terms and conditions to fully understand what information is collected and/or provided.
For more information, please review the Department of Commerce Privacy Policy Statement at https://www.commerce.gov/privacy-policy.
Our web portal has been validated and conforms to strict W3C/P3P standards. P3P refers to the Platform for Privacy Preferences which is a simple, automated way for users to gain more control over the use of personal information on web sites they visit.
For more information on the P3P initiative please visit W3.org