http://www.wtxfoodbank.org/privacy-policy/
(432) 580-6333West Texas Food Bank – Midland
(432) 697-4003
The West Texas Food Bank strongly believes in protecting the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from our supporters through all of our communication channels, as well as from visitors to our Website. The protection of your privacy is of great importance to us, we have created this privacy policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information that you provide to us and that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name, postal address, telephone number(s), email address, or any other information, provided to us by our supporters and Website visitors (hereinafter "Personal Information"), as well as certain non-personally identifiable information collected when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g. Internet Explorer or Firefox), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows XP or Mac OS), the domain name of your internet service provider (e.g., AT&T or Verizon), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited (herein after "Aggregate Data").This policy also applies when you use social media that overlaps West Texas Food Bank's social media and/or website. This policy does not apply to information or data West Texas Food Bank purchases from other sources. West Texas Food Bank uses its best efforts to not share information it collects from those persons it provides services to (commonly referred to as "clients").This policy will be updated periodically, so please be sure to reread it from time to time. The most recent date the privacy policy was updated is provided at the top of the page. By submitting your personal information to us, you are agreeing that the West Texas Food Bank may use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
The West Texas Food Bank collects personal Information supplied to us voluntarily by supporters, volunteers, and visitors to this Website. We may use such voluntarily provided information to improve our understanding of your interests, to improve our services, or to contact you for future support. In order to utilize certain features of our site or receive information from the West Texas Food Bank or make a donation, you may choose to provide Personal Information. If you do submit information to us, we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted. We may also use your information in other ways, such as to contact you about other West Texas Food Bank activities and/or fundraising campaigns or as otherwise disclosed to you at the point of collection. We may also use your name, postal address and telephone number(s) to contact you offline. If you do not wish us to contact you offline, receive such mailings or share your information with other organizations, you may opt out by contacting us in accordance with the "Opt Out" section of this policy.West Texas Food Bank uses third-party vendors to provide services on this Website and in offline business operations. The information that you submit on this site may be provided to those vendors on a confidential basis so that those vendors can provide services (such as maintaining our database, sending email messages, facilitating fundraising activities, or processing credit card transactions) on our behalf.Other than as described in this privacy policy, or as may be necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of our organization or others, or as may be necessary to comply with applicable law, West Texas Food Bank will not give or sell the Personal Information you provide online.West Texas Food Bank uses the Aggregate Data to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable West Texas Food Bank to personalize your Internet experience. West Texas Food Bank may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Site usage as well as create services and/or products to fit your needs. Also, West Texas Food Bank shares this Aggregate Data with West Texas Food Bank's related entities, advertisers, partners, and/or other third party vendors. West Texas Food Bank shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
When you donate to the West Texas Food Bank or sign up on our Website or complete some other data form, you will be asked to supply your email address and other Personal Information. The West Texas Food Bank does not sell or rent your email address to any third party. Email addresses gathered from donors or subscribers to West Texas Food Bank are only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers and vendors for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.The West Texas Food Bank will only use your email address to send information about the West Texas Food Bank (such as news and events, special programs, and fundraising). From time to time, we may send out email messages that might include information about like-missioned organizations and companies, but we do not provide them with access to any personal information that you have provided.The West Texas Food Bank complies with those provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act applicable to charitable organizations. All email messages contain a link to unsubscribe from West Texas Food Bank email. You may subscribe or unsubscribe to West Texas Food Bank at any time by contacting the West Texas Food Bank, or sending a notice by United States mail to the following address at the end of this policy.
The West Texas Food Bank welcomes your comments and participation on its site. However, you acknowledge that if you send us creative suggestions, stories, photos, videos, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information, the information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of the West Texas Food Bank. By submission of any information to us, you assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation.As a user of this site, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. Therefore, do not impersonate another person and not transmit material to us that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner of have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; do not send material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; do not send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; do not send material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; and do not send sexually explicit images, advertising or solicitations of business, or chain letters.You represent and warrant that any information and/or material you post or provide to the West Texas Food Bank through any medium is truthful, accurate, not misleading, not confidential property of others, and not in violation of any other third party's rights. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that all submissions will become the property of the West Texas Food Bank and that the West Texas Food Bank has the right to publish or republish the submission for any type of use including for promotional and advertising purposes without compensation to you of any kind. Should your submission include third party materials, you grant, represent and warrant that you, as well as the owner of such content, have expressly granted the West Texas Food Bank a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide exclusive license to use the submission in any manner, media or form now known or hereafter developed. The West Texas Food Bank shall have the right to sublicense its rights.
The West Texas Food Bank Website may use "cookies" and similar means to collect Aggregate Data. Aggregate Data does not identify any individual person. We may use or disclose Aggregate Data for any purpose. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and are designed to be read only by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies are also used to recognize visitor preferences, temporarily store session information and past activity at our site in order to provide better service and easier access when individuals return to our site. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other Websites you visit. We use third-party advertising companies to create and distribute advertising on our behalf. These companies may also employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is anonymous.
To remove cookies from your computer, visit your Internet browser's "Help" section for information on how to delete cookies. In addition, there are many Websites that provide browser and operating system specific information on how to delete cookies. When thinking about whether you want to delete cookies, you should be aware that some sites require cookies to function properly. After you delete cookies, you may have to re-register with some sites or you may notice difficulty in browsing some sites.
This Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. The security measures used on this site include, but are not limited to, industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, firewalls, and internal policies to maintain the security of stored data. While we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
THE WEST TEXAS FOOD BANK MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE ACCURACY, SUITABILITY, OR SAFETY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITH SPECIFIC DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE WEST TEXAS FOOD BANK MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND THAT THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIS WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT HOSTS THE SITE ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER FORMS OF HARMFUL COMPUTER CODE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE WEST TEXAS FOOD BANK, ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR ANY OTHER PERSON WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF THIS WEBSITE, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE.EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED, THE WEST TEXAS FOOD BANK EXPRESLLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, CONTENT, AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR MERCHANDISE FOUND ON THIRD PARTY SITES THAT LINK TO OR FROM THE WEST TEXAS FOOD BANK SITE. THE WEST TEXAS FOOD BANK DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR PRODUCT OR SERVICE ORDERING FUNCTIONS, ORDER FULFILLMENT OR COMPLIANCE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WITH ANY MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTIES OR SPECIFICATIONS. THE WEST TEXAS FOOD BANK CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR THE MATERIAL CONTAINED ON THIRD PARTY SITES AND/OR RELATED SERVICES NOR DOES WEST TEXAS FOOD BANK MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU MIGHT BE REQUESTED TO GIVE TO THIRD PARTY SITES.
Links to other Websites do not imply an endorsement of the materials disseminated on those Websites, nor does the existence of a link to another site imply that the organization or person publishing on that site endorses any of the materials at this site. Links to other Websites are provided by West Texas Food Bank as a convenience to its users. West Texas Food Bank is not responsible for the materials contained at any Website linked to this site. If you visit the Websites of any of our partners, please consult their privacy policy. Our privacy policies and terms of use apply only to your use of the West Texas Food Bank site and direct interactions with West Texas Food Bank. We do not disclose personally identifiable information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices.
The West Texas Food Bank does not knowingly gather any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. You must be 13 years of age or older to access the site. The West Texas Food Bank has no interest in collecting information from children under the age of 13.
By accessing the West Texas Food Bank Website, you agree that the terms, combined with your act of using the Website and/or services offered on or through the Website have the same legal force and effect as a written contract with your written signature and satisfy any laws that require a writing or signature, including any applicable stature of frauds. You further agree that you shall not challenge the validity, enforceability or admissibility of the terms on the grounds that it was electronically transmitted or authorized. In addition, you acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to print the terms.West Texas Food Bank may change this Privacy Policy and Terms of use at any time by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy and Terms of Use on the Website. Your continued viewing of or use of this Website following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving future communications or if you wish to opt-out of having your information shared by West Texas Food Bank, please contact the West Texas Food Bank at the address or phone number below, or submit your request via the West Texas Food Bank website Contact Form.
Postal Mail:West Texas Food BankP.O. Box 4242Odessa, Texas 79760Telephone:(432) 580-6333All opt-out requests will be honored, but please be patient with us as it may take six (6) to eight (8) weeks for opt-out changes to be fully implemented.
HomeVolunteer Your TimeHow to Get HelpHoliday CardsAbout UsAbout the Food BankLeadershipBoard of DirectorsFood Bank FacilitiesAbout HungerFood ProcurementPartner Agencies
Support UsCorporate Hunger HeroesPlanned GivingHost a Virtual Food DriveBecome an AdvocateFriends of the Food BankGivingTuesday
Events and MediaCooking with KimberlyNewslettersPermian Basin Restaurant WeekPress Releases
Hunger-Relief ProgramsFood 2 Kids ProgramsFood DistributionSummer Food Service ProgramDisaster Response Mobile PantryNutrition & WellnessSenior ProgramsCoronavirus (COVID-19) Response
Partner PortalPartner ResourcesPartner Contact Update
Hunger HeroContact UsDonate Money