http://www.seniorscard.nsw.gov.au/privacy-policy
Contact us
13 77 88
|
A- A+
Toggle navigation
Home
Homepage_HeaderBar_Notifications
Homepage_Panel3_SliderPromoList
Membership
Discounts & Deals
Using your NSW Seniors Card interstate and in New Zealand
Regional Map
Discount Directory
CorporatePartnersList
Gold Opal
News & Activities
Seniors' Stories
Archived Newsletters
Competitions
Crossword
Sudoku Puzzle
WheelWords Puzzle
Code Cracker Puzzle
Trivia
Gov Services
Gov Services Search
TSS
Business
Participation - T&Cs
Advertising - T&Cs
About
Information Brochure
Seniors Card Facts
YOU ARE HERE:
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Seniors Card recognises the importance of your privacy and is committed to protecting any personal information about you, which we hold. This privacy policy describes how we manage your personal information and safeguard your privacy.1. Collecting personal information about youWe only collect personal information that is necessary for us to perform our functions, and will only use or disclose this information for the purposes for which it was provided. These include providing you with your Seniors Card, annual Discount Directory, mail outs and information about activities for members. Seniors Card may also survey some members in order to improve our services.The personal information we collect and hold about you includes information you give us when you apply for a Seniors Card or complete an online form on our website. This will include your name, address, date of birth and contact details.The only personal information which we collect about you when you use our website is what you tell us about yourself, for example, by completing an online form or by sending us an email. We will record your email address if you send us an email.2. Using and disclosing your personal informationWe respect your privacy. We will only use or disclose your personal information for the purpose for which you provided it to us, unless:We have your consent to use or disclose your information for that different purpose; orIt is required or authorised by law; orPermitted by the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998We contract out to external service providers some of our functions such as information technology services, mail house services and our call centre, We may provide your personal information to these service providers but only so that they can provide the services that we have contracted out to them. External service providers to whom we outsource these functions must sign a confidentiality agreement that prevents them from using your details for any other purpose. If you have elected to receive special offers you will receive these via the email address you supplied or by post to the mailing address you have supplied as well as ad hoc Public Service Announcements.3. Access to your personal informationIn most cases, you can gain access to personal information that we hold about you. All requests for access to your personal information will be processed by our Seniors Card Manager, who can be contacted by writing to the postal or email address set out below.We will respond to all requests for access to personal information as quickly as possible. Requests for a large amount of information, or information which is not currently in use, may require additional time before a response can be given. In some cases, consistent with the Information Protection Principles set out in the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 we may refuse to give you access to personal information we hold about you in some limited circumstances. This includes circumstances where giving you access:Would have an unreasonable impact on other people's privacy;Would prejudice an investigation of unlawful activity; orWould prejudice activities carried out by, or for, a law enforcement agency.If we refuse to give you access we will write to you explaining the reasons for our refusal.Generally, if you request us to do so, we will amend any personal information we hold about you which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. If we disagree with you about the accuracy, completeness or currency of a record of your personal information held by us, we will take reasonable steps to associate with that record a statement to the effect that you claim this to be the case, if you request us to do so.4.What to do if you would like more information about how we manage your personal information or wish to complain about a breach of your privacyYou can get more information about the way we manage your personal information by writing to us at the postal or email addresses set out below or reviewing our Privacy Management Plan.If you are concerned that we may have breached your privacy and wish to make a complaint, please contact us by writing to the postal or email addresses set out below.We will acknowledge receipt of your complaint within 5 days of receiving it and will we will resolve your complaint within 21 days.Seniors complaints (eg. About staff conduct, equity, and breeches of the Privacy Policy) will be resolved by the Director, Ageing and Carers’ Policy and Programs5. Changes to our privacy policyFrom time to time it may be necessary for us to review and revise our privacy policy.We will always publish an updated version on our Website and this updated version will apply as if it had been in place when you signed upContact Details:Postal address:Goulburn Middle Office Locked bag 2002 Goulburn NSW 2580Email address:info@service.nsw.gov.au
×
STAY UP ON THE LATEST
Latest news & deals direct to your inbox
You are now leaving the NSW Seniors Card Website.
Please wait a moment while we direct you to a secure Woolworths website to complete your transaction.