https://www.liveabout.com/free-legal-aid-for-single-parents-2997683
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Love and Romance
Divorce
Relationships
Sexuality
Teens
LGBTQ
Friendship
By
Jennifer Wolf
Communications Director
Seattle Pacific University
Jennifer Wolf is a PCI Certified Parent Coach and a strong advocate for single moms and dads.
our editorial process
Twitter
Twitter
LinkedIn
LinkedIn
Jennifer Wolf
Updated February 15, 2017
01
of 07
Hit the Books: Find Free Legal Aid at Your Local Library
Dave and Les Jacobs/Getty Images
Source #1: Your Local Library
Your local library is one of the best sources of free legal aid for single parents. Educating yourself about the law is essential to winning your case, whether you're looking for legal advice about child custody, visitation, parental rights, or any other topic.
Use these tips to find free legal aid through your local library:
Read the law for yourself. Become familiar with your state's child custody laws. This will help you better understand your case, your rights as a parent, and what questions you need to ask before taking next steps.Speak with a librarian. They can often point you toward sources you may not otherwise know about—such as legal databases and case summaries.Ask about access to the nearest law library. The librarian at your local branch library can also point you toward nearby law libraries that allow public access.
02
of 07
Contact Your Local State Bar Association
Robert Daly/Getty Images
Source #2: Your Local State Bar Association
Consult your state bar association to learn about pro bono options. Some state bar associations allow attorneys to earn continuing education credits in exchange for their generosity. So don't shy away from looking for someone who will take on your case pro bono! (You may even be doing them a favor!)
03
of 07
Contact Your Local Office of Legal-Aid
John Rensten/Getty Images
Source #3: Your Local Legal-Aid Office
Each state runs its own Legal-Aid office. To find yours, visit Legal-Aid.org.
Legal-Aid can help you:
Better understand the law and your caseFind pro bono lawyers in your areaAccess state-specific legal resourcesPrepare for your case
04
of 07
Contact a Nearby Law School
Jose Luis Pelaez Inc./Getty Images
Source #4: Nearby Law Schools
Contact the nearest law school, and ask whether they have legal clinics. Many law schools provide monthly law clinics for the public, which benefits clients as well as the law students involved.
05
of 07
Schedule a Free Consultation with a Family Law Attorney
Eric O'Connell/Getty Images
Source #5: Free Legal Consultations
Schedule a free consultation with an experienced family law attorney. Even if you know that you can't afford to hire a lawyer, it may be helpful to meet with an attorney one­-on­-one to learn more about your options. Most state bar associations require attorneys to do some pro bono work each year (that means work for the public good). You could luck out and find a lawyer who will take on your case for free or at a reduced rate.
06
of 07
Interview Several Lawyers in Your Area
Joshua Hodge Photography/Getty Images
Source #6: Interviews
Consider interviewing multiple family law attorneys in your area to find out their pricing structure and approach to handling similar cases. At the same time, you may gain a few tips that could help your case, even if you decide not to work with them.
Be sure to ask:
If they work on retainer. This means they expect you to pay a certain amount of money up front. From that dollar amount, the lawyer will then subtract her hourly rate each time she works on your case. When that money runs low, the lawyer will then ask you to replenish it.Whether you might be eligible to have your ex cover your legal fees.How much of your case the attorney will handle directly and how much she will defer to paralegals. Whether the hourly rate charged against your retainer will fluctuate depending on who does the work.
07
of 07
Represent Yourself "Pro Se"
Rich Legg/Getty Images
Source of Free Legal Aid #7: You
Finally, another source of free legal aid for single parents is simply representing yourself in court. Another name for this is filing pro se (that's a Latin abbreviation that means "for oneself"). Depending on the details of your case and the amount of paperwork, representing yourself could save you a lot of money. It's a serious undertaking, though, and I would strongly advise you to go this route only under the guidance of a legal expert—such as a virtual lawyer, paralegal, or even an experienced law student.
My Ex Filed for Custody of Our Children—What Do I Do Now?
How to Find an Attorney for Your Grandparents' Rights Case
Legal Aid or Free Legal Advice During Your Divorce
Child Custody Attorney Fees & Strategies
12 Helpful Tips for Dealing With a High-Conflict Custody Dispute
5 Child Custody Mistakes Single Parents Make
Tips for Using the Nebraska Child Support Calculator Worksheets
When Court-Ordered Visitation Rights Are Denied
Get to Know Child Custody Laws in Missouri
There Are Two Ways to File for Divorce
The Pros And Cons Of Hiring a Divorce Attorney
How to Start Your Own Single Parent Support Group
6 Frequently Asked Questions About Divorce
How to File for Visitation Rights as a New Dad
Steps Involved in a Stepparent Adoption
Child Custody Laws in Georgia