https://www.chicagoweddingservices.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Home Static
Home Video
Home Map
Unique Venues
Top Videographers
Categories
Accessories
Attire
Bachelorette | Bachelor
Beauty Stylists
Bridal Boot Camp
Cakes
Catering
Dance Lessons
Decor
Aisle Runners
Decor Rental
Floral Decor
DJs
First Home
Florists
Gifts & Favors
Invites & Stationery
Jewelry
Musicians
Officiants
Orchestras | Bands
Photo Booths
Photographers
Rentals
Singers
Transportation
Venues
Videographers
Wedding Planners & Coordinators
All Categories
All Locations
Listings
Listing List View
Listing Grid View
Listing Map (2 Col)
Listing Map (3 Col)
Add Listing
Blogs
Business Partner Menu
Author Profile
Dashboard
Pricing Plan
Add Listing
Checkout
About CWS
FAQ
Contact us
Add Listing
LoginorRegister
Add Listing
Add Listing
Terms and Conditions | Chicago Wedding Services
Home
Terms and Conditions | Chicago Wedding Services
General T&C’s for Site Users of ChicagoWeddingServices.com
Welcome to Chicago Wedding Services!
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Lucid State LLC’s Website, located at https://www.chicagoweddingservices.com.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use Chicago Wedding Services if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page. Our Terms and Conditions were created with the help of the Terms And Conditions Generator and the Free Terms & Conditions Generator.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person log on this website and compliant to the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing Chicago Wedding Services, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the Lucid State LLC’s Privacy Policy.
Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user’s details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Lucid State LLC and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on Chicago Wedding Services. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from Chicago Wedding Services for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from Chicago Wedding ServicesSell, rent or sub-license material from Chicago Wedding ServicesReproduce, duplicate or copy material from Chicago Wedding ServicesRedistribute content from Chicago Wedding Services
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Parts of this website offer an opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions and information in certain areas of the website. Lucid State LLC does not filter, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their presence on the website. Comments do not reflect the views and opinions of Lucid State LLC,its agents and/or affiliates. Comments reflect the views and opinions of the person who post their views and opinions. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Lucid State LLC shall not be liable for the Comments or for any liability, damages or expenses caused and/or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
Lucid State LLC reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which can be considered inappropriate, offensive or causes breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;The Comments do not invade any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark of any third party;The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material which is an invasion of privacyThe Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant Lucid State LLC a non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Website without prior written approval:
Government agencies;Search engines;News organizations;Online directory distributors may link to our Website in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Websites of other listed businesses; andSystem wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products and/or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
We may consider and approve other link requests from the following types of organizations:
commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources;dot.com community sites;associations or other groups representing charities;online directory distributors;internet portals;accounting, law and consulting firms; andeducational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we decide that: (a) the link would not make us look unfavorably to ourselves or to our accredited businesses; (b) the organization does not have any negative records with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility of the hyperlink compensates the absence of Lucid State LLC; and (d) the link is in the context of general resource information.
These organizations may link to our home page so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
If you are one of the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must inform us by sending an e-mail to Lucid State LLC. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Website, and a list of the URLs on our site to which you would like to link. Wait 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Website as follows:
By use of our corporate name; orBy use of the uniform resource locator being linked to; orBy use of any other description of our Website being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party’s site.
No use of Lucid State LLC’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
iFrames
Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Website.
Content Liability
We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your Website. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Your Privacy
Please read Privacy Policy
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amen these terms and conditions and it’s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.
We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; orexclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.
As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
ChicagoWeddingServices.com Directory Listing T&C’s Overview:
All new Listings will be checked by an editor before the Listing goes live on the Website. This is so we can check that links are working, and proof-read content for spelling  & grammatical errors.We aim to approve all Listings within 48 hours of receipt, and often much sooner. If there are any problems with the Listing we will contact you on the email address that you provided.It is your responsibility to update your Listing should any information change.We reserve the right to reject any Listings that we do not deem appropriate for the site. In this case any money paid would be refunded in full.If you wish to cancel your membership at any time you must notify us in writing at donn@chicagoweddingservices.com no later than 7 days before the renewal period.You will be sent a renewal notice at least 7 days before your membership is due for renewal. Should you not make payment by the renewal date your listing will be removed or hidden until we receive payment from you.If you cancel a membership halfway through a membership period you will not be entitled to refund of the time remaining.
More Detailed T&C’s:
By applying to be listed in the directory you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions:
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account”means collectively the personal/identifying information, payment information and credentials used by Users to access parts of the Website and to create Listings;“Content”means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this Website;“Listing”means a directory listing posted on the Website by a User which shall provide details of that User’s business including, but not limited to, contact details;“Listed Business”means any business which features in a Listing;“Listing Fee”means the fee payable to post a Listing;“Service”means collectively any online facilities, tools, services or information that ChicagoWeddingServices.com makes available through the Website either now or in the future;“System”means any online communications infrastructure that ChicagoWeddingServices.com makes available through the Website either now or in the future.  This includes, but is not limited to, Listings, email addresses and online forms;“User” / “Users”means any third party that accesses the Website and is not employed by ChicagoWeddingServices.com and acting in the course of their employment;“Website”means the website that you are currently using (https://www.chicagoweddingservices.com) and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
2. Intellectual Property
2.1          All Content included on the Website, unless contained in Listings, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, sound clips, video clips, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software is the property of ChicagoWeddingServices.com, or our affiliates.  By continuing to use the Website you acknowledge that such material is protected by applicable United States and International intellectual property and other laws.
2.2          You may print, reproduce, copy, distribute, store or in any other fashion re-use Content from the Website unless given express written permission to do so by ChicagoWeddingServices.com.  Specifically you agree that:
2.2.1     You will not systematically copy Content from the Website with a view to creating or compiling any form of comprehensive collection, compilation, directory or database unless given express written permission to do so by ChicagoWeddingServices.com;
3. Links to Other Websites
This Website may contain links to other sites including, but not limited to, those of Listed Businesses.  Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of ChicagoWeddingServices.com or that of our affiliates.  We assume no responsibility for the content of such Websites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of the use of them.  The inclusion of a link to another site on this Website does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.
4. Listing on the Website
4.1          When submitting a Listing to the Website you should do so in accordance with the following rules:
4.1.10   Your Listing must be placed into the appropriate category and ChicagoWeddingServices.com reserves the right to change this category should they deem another category to be more appropriate
4.1.11  You agree to only list services or products relevant to users of ChicagoWeddingServices.com.
4.2          You acknowledge that ChicagoWeddingServices.com or any of its editors shall screen, approve (or reject), edit and/or remove any Listing submitted to the Website.
4.3          ChicagoWeddingServices.com may edit your Listing without prior consultation.  In cases of severe breaches of the provisions of sub-Clause 4.1, your Listing may be removed and your Account may be suspended or terminated.  You will be informed in writing of the reasons for any such alterations or removals.
4.4          In order to submit a Listing, you are required to submit certain personal details and/or business details.  By continuing to use this Website you represent and warrant that:
4.4.1     any information you submit is accurate and truthful; and
4.4.2     you will keep this information accurate and up-to-date.
4.5          By submitting a Listing you warrant and represent that you are the author of that Listing or that you have acquired all of the appropriate rights and / or permissions to submit it.  ChicagoWeddingServices.com accepts no responsibility or liability for any infringement of third party rights by such Listings or Content.
4.6          ChicagoWeddingServices.com will not be liable in any way or under any circumstances for any loss or damage that you may incur as a result of such Listings, nor for any errors or omissions in Listings.  Use of and reliance upon Listings is entirely at your own risk.
5. Accounts and Listing Fees
5.1          In order to post a Listing on this Website you must create an Account which will contain certain personal details.  By creating an Account you represent and warrant that:
5.1.1     all information you submit is accurate and truthful; and
5.1.2     you will keep this information accurate and up-to-date.
5.3          Unless otherwise stated as free, a Listing Fee may be charged for each Listing you post on this Website based on current pricing plans.
5.3.1 If you have opted to pay by PayPal your account will be billed at the time at which your listing goes live and monthly or yearly thereafter until cancellation or termination.
5.3.2 If you have opted to pay by invoice you will be sent a reminder 30 days before your renewal payment is due. Failure to pay the invoice before the renewal date may result inthe  termination of your Listing.
5.4          Your first payment will be at the price advertised at the time. ChicagoWeddingServices.com reserves the right to change Listing Fees from time to time and any such changes may affect your recurring payments.
5.4.1    Should an increase in price be necessary you will be notified 30 days prior to your renewal date of such an increase and have the option to cancel your Listing.
5.6          If you terminate a Listing and/or your Account, your Listing(s) will be removed at the end of the paid term unless you request them to be removed sooner.
5.7         Listings which ChicagoWeddingServices.com rejects in accordance with sub-Clause 4.1 shall not be charged for, or in the case that a payment has already been made the money shall be returned in full.
6. Termination and/or Suspension
6.2          If ChicagoWeddingServices.com terminates or suspends your Account as a result of your breach of these Terms and Conditions you may not be entitled to any refund.
7. Privacy
7.1       Use of the Website is also governed by our Cookie and Privacy Policy which is incorporated into these terms and conditions by this reference.
7.2       Save for the screening and approval of Listings, ChicagoWeddingServices.com has neither control over, nor involvement in, any Listed Business and accepts no responsibility for any actions taken, or any goods or services provided, by any Listed Business.
7.3       Whilst every reasonable endeavor has been made to ensure that all information provided on this Website will be accurate and up to date, ChicagoWeddingServices.com makes no warranty or representation that this is the case.  We make no guarantee of any specific results from the use of our services.
8. Availability of the Website and Modifications
8.1      ChicagoWeddingServices.com accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the Website resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, ISP equipment failure, host equipment failure, communications network failure, power failure, natural events, acts of war or legal restrictions and censorship.
8.2      ChicagoWeddingServices.com reserves the right to alter, suspend or discontinue any part (or the whole of) the Website including, but not limited to, the products and/or services available.  These Terms and Conditions shall continue to apply to any modified version of the Website unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
If you have any questions about your listing you may contact us by email at donn@chicagoweddingservices.com or by Telephone at (630) 430-2507
Login
×
Login
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
E-mail:
Not a member?
Register
Register
×
*
I agree to the
Privacy
&
Terms
Register
Please wait...
Already a member?
Login