http://www.ahlerslaw.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Main Content
Home
|
Privacy
Privacy
About this Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our firm’s website. Ahlers & Cooney is committed to protecting your interests and privacy. When you use this website, you consent to the use of your personal information by our firm in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: http://www.ahlerslaw.com.
The Information We Collect
Ahlers & Cooney only collects personally identifiable information from you (i.e. name, e-mail address, phone number, company name, address) if you voluntarily choose to submit or otherwise disclose such information to us, including information submitted or disclosed electronically or by mail, telephone or fax.
Website usage information is also collected on an aggregate basis as you and others navigate through our website. Similar to other websites, our website utilizes a standard technology, cookies, and web server logs which compile information about how our website is used, such as number of unique visitors, pages visited, time spent on each page, date and time of visits, etc. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you nor do we store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We internally use personally identifiable information for the firm’s educational, marketing, recruiting, networking and similar business activities. We will NOT sell, trade or intentionally share your personal information with any outside third parties. We will, however, cooperate with all law enforcement inquiries. We will disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials when required to do so in order to comply with a court order or to cooperate with law enforcement officials in the conduct of a criminal investigation.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We use industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. However, please keep in mind that data transmitted over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. You should NOT send private or confidential information to us by e-mail or via our website.
This site contains links to other websites. Ahlers & Cooney is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Contact and Questions
Individuals always have the option of removing their contact information from our databases if they decide they no longer wish to receive future communications or to participate in any applicable business activities. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, need to contact us for additional information or wish to have your name removed, simply contact Ahlers & Cooney, 100 Court Avenue, Suite 600, Des Moines, Iowa 50309 or call 515-243-7611.
Ahlers & Cooney reserves the right to amend this privacy policy at any time and only the current privacy policy may be deemed effective.
We appreciate your questions and comments. Thank you for visiting our website.
Posted November 9, 2009
© 2020 Ahlers & Cooney, P.C. All Rights Reserved.