http://www.rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk/pages/personal-data-conduct-privacy-policies/
Skip to Main Content
Rhodes Trust uses cookies to offer you the best experience online. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of cookies. If you would like to know more about cookies and how to manage them please view our Personal Data & Cookies.
Close Cookie banner
Close navigation
About
Back
About
We find and develop exceptional people who will be able to create real change in the world.
125th Anniversary Strategic Plan
Transformation of Rhodes House
Trustees & Governance
History of the Rhodes Trust
The Mandela Rhodes Foundation
The Atlantic Institute
Schmidt Science Fellows
Rise
Second Century Founders
Benefactors to the Rhodes Scholarships
Scholarships
Back
Scholarships
The application for the Rhodes Scholarship is outlined on three webpages - what the Scholarship is, who can apply and how the application process works.
The Rhodes Scholarship
Application Overview
Which Scholarship?
Apply
List of Rhodes Scholarship Constituencies
Scholarship Queries
FAQs
Life at Oxford
Rhodes Scholar Groups
Recent Rhodes Scholar Classes
#BLM, Covid & Impact
Back
#BLM, Covid & Impact
Discover how Rhodes Scholars are making a positive impact upon the world today.
#BlackLivesMatter, Racism and Legacy
Rhodes Trust Statement of Support for Rhodes Scholar Protesters and Activists
Global Map of Scholars working on COVID-19
Impact of COVID-19 on applications/selection
Standing Up for the World
Scholar Stories
Rhodes Scholar Blog
Rhodes Scholar Video Wall
Book Listing Page
Podcasts
Alumni & Volunteers
Back
Alumni & Volunteers
There are over 5,000 living Rhodes Scholars residing in more than 100 countries around the world. Explore the community and discover how you can be involved. Please update your details to keep in touch with us, we'd love to hear from you.
Rhodes Scholar Database
Alumni
Alumni Associations
Volunteers
Obituaries
Rhodes Trust Events
Rhodes Scholar Network
Update your Details - Alumni & Volunteers
Donations & Legacies
Back
Donations & Legacies
Every gift makes an immediate and lasting impact. Gifts to the Rhodes Scholarships represent not only support for the next generation of Rhodes Scholars, but also a belief in our collective future – one that is even more connected, collaborative and impactful.
The Scholars Fund
Bequests and Planned Giving
Make a Donation
Recognising Your Gift
News & Events
Back
News & Events
Discover the latest news and events from the Rhodes Community.
Latest News
Rhodes Trust Events
Rhodes E-Newsletters
Rhodes Scholar Magazine
Second Century Annual Report
The Bram Fischer Memorial Lecture
Venue Hire
Back
Venue Hire
Rhodes House is a hidden delight, right in the heart of Oxford. Fashioned after a Cotswold mansion with colonial influences, Rhodes House has been the gathering place for Rhodes Scholars and their distinguished guests for nearly 100 years.
Welcome to Rhodes House
Rhodes House Weddings
Meetings and Conferences
Private Dining
Discover Our Rooms
Room Capacities
Rhodes House History
Image Gallery
Contact Us
Contact & Staff
Back
Contact & Staff
Please get in touch with us.
Warden of Rhodes House
Rhodes House Staff
Staff Values and Ethos Statement
Staff Vacancies
Contact List
Scholarship Queries
Archive
How to Find Us
Update your Details
Search the Rhodes website
Search
Personal Data, Conduct & Privacy Policies
How the Rhodes Trust processes personal data and our other policy documents.
May of 2018 saw the introduction of a new ‘General Data Protection Regulation’ in the EU, which has replaced the 1995 EU Data Protection Directive and imposes strict new rules on controlling and processing personally identifiable information. The Rhodes Trust privacy policies have been duly updated; Rhodes House staff have also worked to ensure that data processing methods abide by the new regulation – including the collection, storage, transfer and destruction of personal data.
The updated policies can be found below. We reserve the right to update the data protection policies at any time.
Also below is our Scholar Code of Conduct, as well as our website data and cookies policy.
Privacy Policy - Rhodes Scholarship Applicants
The Rhodes Trust holds personal records on those who apply for the Rhodes Scholarship. Our principles are simple – we will be transparent about what data we are collecting about you, where that data comes from, how we use the information we hold about you, and the choices you can make.
The overarching purpose of collecting and processing your data is ensure that the selection process is fair and balanced, giving our selection committees the best possible starting point for choosing the best possible candidates.
If at any point you have questions about our privacy notice, or how we are using your data, please contact us.
1. About this privacy notice
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain how the Rhodes Trust ("the Trust", "we", "our", "us") processes personal data contained within Rhodes Scholarship applications and how it will be used, distributed, stored, and destroyed. The Rhodes Trust includes the central offices at Rhodes House in Oxford, our National Secretaries, and our selection committees.
2. The data we collect about you
Most of the personal data we process is provided by you in your application for a Rhodes Scholarship. We also receive data from your nominated referees.
The data we collect about you include:
- Biographical information, which may include:
Contact details
Education and employment history (including scanned / digital exam transcripts and degree certificates)
Scans of identification and nationality / residency documents (e.g. passport, birth certificate, certificate of legal permanent residency)
Personal data (gender, nationality, birthplace, residency timeline)
Nationality of parents / guardians
- Rhodes personal statement (essay) plus study intentions.- Photograph- Endorsements and references (including endorser and referee contact details)- Outreach monitoring data, which may include:
educational background of parents
private vs. public education
owned / rented family home
ethnicity
religion
differing abilities
English as first language
- Sensitive personal data, which may include:
health information, including any medical conditions - we may use health information provided by you so we can make reasonable adjustments to improve the service we are able to offer you and to look after your wellbeing while studying in Oxford.
race or ethnicity and religious beliefs – we use these types of data to monitor the effectiveness of our outreach. You are not required to give this information and may choose not to do so.
we do not generally seek to obtain other categories of sensitive data however, they may sometimes be inferred from other data we hold, for example, your relationships, job titles, support of specific causes, or interests. We may obtain these types of data if give them to us in your application.
3. How we use your personal data
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
to inform the selection process
to contact you, if necessary, during the application
and selection processes
to obtain feedback from your nominated referees
to compile application statistics
to inform our outreach efforts
4. When and how we share your data Your application data is primarily held on our application system (Embark) in the USA. The National Secretary, selection committee members, shortlisting assistants, and administrators from each constituency have access to the applications made to their constituencies. They will access that data via the application system and may download it locally to support the selection processes.
Third parties will only process your personal data on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat your data confidentially and to keep it secure. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes nor to keep your data after the processing is complete. All our third-party service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies.
Whenever your information is shared, we will always seek to share the minimum amount of information necessary to fulfil the purpose.
5. Our legal basis for processing your data
We will only process your personal data where the law allows us to do so. For the purposes of your application, we rely on your consent, as given by the clear and affirmative action of you submitting the application, for the purposes stated in this privacy notice. If you withdraw your consent, or withdraw your application in any other way, we may keep parts or all of your application data.
Change of purpose
We will only process your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another related reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
6. International transfers
We may share your data with the National Secretary, selection committee members, shortlisting assistants and administrators in the constituency to which you applied. This may involve a transfer of your data outside the EEA. In all cases we will make sure transfers are made securely, to countries deemed adequate by the European Commission and/or subject to appropriate safeguards and confidentiality agreements.
7. Data security
The Rhodes Trust takes the security of your data very seriously and we have appropriate security measures in place to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost or misused. Access to your personal data is limited to those employees, contractors and other third parties who have a need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
8. How long we keep your data
The data contained within Rhodes Scholarship applications will be retained by the Rhodes Trust for a period of seven years after the end of the application round in which the application was created (this is the potential length of eligibility of a candidate for a scholarship). Following seven years the data will be permanently deleted with only non-identifying summary statistics remaining.
For successful Rhodes Scholarship applications, the applications will be retained by the Rhodes Trust, digitally and physically, indefinitely. The applications will be removed from the Embark application platform after seven years.
9. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of your data and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your data. This enables you to ask us to correct any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.
Request erasure of your data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove your data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Request the restriction of processing of your data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your data, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request it may not be possible for us to do what you have asked, for example, where there is a statutory or contractual requirement for us to process your data and it would not be possible to fulfil our legal obligations if we were to stop.
However, where you have consented to the processing, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing us. In this event, we will stop the processing as soon as we can. If you choose to withdraw consent it will not invalidate past processing. Please note if you do not supply the information required in your application form or if you ask us to stop processing your data, we may not be able to assess your application and may have to reject it.
If you want to exercise any of the rights described above or are dissatisfied with the way we have used your information, please contact us at data.protection@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk. We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR. Please note that we may keep a record of your communications to help us resolve any issues which you raise.
If you remain dissatisfied, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office at the ICO website.
10. Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or about your personal data, or if you want to provide updates to your data or exercise any of your rights as outlined above, please use the details below, and quote your name:
The Rhodes TrustRhodes House, South Parks Road Oxford, OX1 3RG, United KingdomEmail: data.protection@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time. Any changes to this privacy notice will be posted to this page.
Privacy Policy – Scholars Elect and Scholars in Residence
he Rhodes Trust holds personal records on all Rhodes Scholars from the point at which Scholars are selected (for scholarship application data, please see the separate privacy policy). We keep aspects of these records for varying lengths of time, both electronically and physically. Our principles are simple – we will be transparent about the data we are collecting, where we source those data, how we use the information we hold about you, and the choices you can make.
We collect and process your data for a variety of reasons, not least to maintain a complete and historical record over time. We also collect information necessary for us to assist you in your journey to Oxford, during your time in Oxford, and beyond. We use the information we hold about you to try to ensure that you have an enriching and rewarding time in Oxford and to assist with behind-the-scenes administration on your behalf. It also enables us to ensure that when we approach you for reasons other than necessary academic matters, these interactions are respectful, professional, and relevant to you, and are not unwelcome.
If at any point you have questions about this privacy notice, or how we are using your data, please contact us.
1.About this privacy notice
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain how the Rhodes Trust ("the Trust", "we", "our", "us") holds and uses personal data about Scholars Elect and Scholars in Residence ("you"), and how we use it for the purposes of academic administration and improving the Scholar experience. The Rhodes Trust includes both the offices at Rhodes House in Oxford and our international offices, the latter including National Secretaries, selectors, selection committees, and alumni associations.
2.What we do
The Rhodes Trust endeavours to ensure that your Scholarship experience is as rewarding as possible,to assist you while you are in Oxford, and to facilitate with establishing and developing lifelong relationships amongst Rhodes Scholars of all generations. We are here to help you stay connected with each other and with the news and events that are important to you.
3.The data we collect about you
We collect information about you from a variety of sources including directly from you via correspondence, the Rhodes online portal and annual surveys / updates, from the Scholarship and University application forms, from the University’s Student Information Systems, the National Secretaries, recognised Alumni Associations, publicly available sources and/or from third parties providing us with services or acting on our behalf.We may hold and process the following types of personal data about you:
- Biographical information, which may include:
name, title, date of birth, gender, marital status, spouse, partner and family details (for example next of kin emergency contact details)
where you live and other contact details
education history
your Coming Up biography
your plans for Study at the University of Oxford and your University application forms, progress and outcomes
your academic progress at Oxford University (or any other institution at which you have studied under the Rhodes Scholarship), and research specialism(s)
extra –curricular interests, pursuits and achievements whilst at Oxford and elsewhere
employment details, career history, professional activities
photographs of you - either provided by you, by other Scholars, or taken during events at Rhodes House
links to your public social media presence e.g. LinkedIn, Twitter, website or blog
future plans beyond Oxford; Going Down biographies
any additional information held within the University and Scholarship application forms, including scans of identification and nationality/residency documents, certificates and transcripts, your Rhodes personal statement, endorsements, references.
- Details of our ongoing relationship with you and your engagement with us, which may include:
feedback on your experience in Oxford, including course, college, accommodation, and Rhodes House
research grant and Warden’s Discretionary Fund applications
records of your personal interactions with us (e.g. correspondence, notes of meetings or conversations)your communication preferences; records of communications you have received from us, including copies of letters, emails or appeal literature sent, and of fundraising activities in which you have been included (e.g. annual fund mailings, telephone fundraising campaigns)
your attendance (and that of your guests) on visits to, or at Rhodes Trust events, including details of any payments made, and photographs, audio and video recordings in which you may be included
a record of offers of voluntary support you have made, e.g. offers of expertise, advice, mentoring and of volunteer work that you have undertaken on behalf of the Rhodes Trust
financial needs (during your time in Oxford) and bank details for stipend (and other)payments
membership of social media groups e.g. Twitter, LinkedIn
your relationship to relevant trusts, foundations and corporates, e.g. membership on board of Trustees
feedback on your experience provided by you explicitly for the purpose of reporting back to our major donors
data obtained through cookies and similar technologies. These help us understand how you interact with our website (see our separate cookie policy).
- Sensitive personal data, which may include:
physical and mental health information (usually divulged by you), including any medical conditions. We may use health information provided by you so we can make reasonable adjustments to improve the service we are able to offer you and to support your wellbeing while attending Oxford.
Although we do not collect these for our own purposes, the following attributes may be inferred from data we do hold: race or ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, political convictions. (NB the outreach data completed in the Scholarship and University application forms are not linked back to individuals). Such information may be inferred from other data we hold, for example, your relationships, volunteer roles, membership of certain Scholar groups, job titles, donations to specific causes or interests. We may obtain these types of data if you have made them public or if you give them to us, for example when writing a blog post for our website or when you register for an event.
4.How we use your personal data
Your personal data are used in the following ways:
to assist with your applications to the University of Oxford
at your request we share with the University references that were submitted as part of your Scholarship application. We will also need to use your personal data to have conversations with members of the collegiate University to progress your applications.
with your permission, we publish a photograph and bio (usually written by yourself) on the Rhodes House website.
with your permission, we may use photographs of you in public-facing material – e.g. on the website, in printed material, or in social media posts
we will contact you about events and opportunities that may interest you
in liaison with you, we may deem it necessary to use your health information to orchestrate additional care for you while you are in Oxford; this may include conversations with relevant members of the collegiate university
we may connect you to Scholars Elect / current Scholars / Senior Scholars in order to facilitate the sharing of experience and guidance necessary for university applications and the making of future plans. If you do not wish your data to be used in any of the ways listed above, or have any questions, please contact us on data.protection@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk.
5.When and how we share your data
We will, from time to time, share your personal data with the Rhodes Scholarship National Secretaries (and offices) and Selection Committee members, recognised Rhodes Alumni Associations or with third parties working on our behalf (for example the Rhodes digital platform provider), whether inside the EEA or outside. We will only do this in appropriate circumstances, by secure means, and with the relevant data sharing agreements in place. We do not, and will never, sell your data.
Third parties will only process your personal data on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat your data confidentially and to keep it secure – in line with the General Data Protection Regulation. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes on behalf of the Rhodes Trust. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes nor to keep your data after work agreed with the Trust is complete or beyond agreed retention timelines. All of our third-party service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies.
Whenever your information is shared, we will always seek to share the minimum amount of information necessary to fulfil the purpose.Your data may also be shared in the following ways:
a.With other Rhodes Scholars and with Rhodes Trust Staff
Basic information will be made available to Rhodes Scholars and Scholars Elect, Rhodes Staff and volunteers via the Rhodes online portal. This includes your name, photograph, Rhodes identifier,course of study, college, and pre-Scholarship education (without outcomes), along with any further information you choose to provide by updating your portal profile.
You will be contactable by all other portal users (listed above) through the portal direct messaging functionality. You can amend your contact preferences through the portal itself. We will not share personal contact details without your explicit consent.
b.With members of the University of Oxford
In order to assist your placement on course and in a college, we may need to have conversations on your behalf that could constitute the sharing of personal data. Most of this will be contained within your application form, to which these members of the University will usually have access. In addition, we may upload, at your request, references submitted as part of your Rhodes Scholarship application. We will need to confirm that you are a Rhodes Scholar and that you will be funded by the Rhodes Scholarship in order to complete the financial conditions of any offers of study made to you by the University. As part of your application to the University of Oxford, you will have the opportunity to agree to the Rhodes Trust acting as a third party on your behalf.
c.With volunteers working on behalf of the Rhodes Trust
In 2012, the Rhodes Trust created a volunteer network of Rhodes Scholar Class Leaders, inclusive of all constituencies and Rhodes class years that works cohesively to strengthen the connectivity among Scholars around the globe. Class Leaders are required to sign a confidentiality agreement, prior to being provided with a list of contact details for Scholars in their class. The Class Leaders are volunteers from each year group, who function as a liaison between their Rhodes Class and the Rhodes Trust.
We also provide feedback to National Secretaries to enable them to maintain and improve selection standards. This may include a summary of your progress in Oxford, including whether your experience is achieving what you and they intended at selection.
d.The Rhodes online portal(s) and the Rhodes House website
Select personal information will be made available via the Rhodes online portal, visible only to Rhodes Scholars and Scholars Elect, Rhodes Trust Staff, volunteers with a genuine and justifiable need to access the data and third parties (e.g. online portal technical staff) acting on behalf of the Rhodes Trust. Aside from the basic personal information outlined under 5(a), the portal can be used to manage your communication preferences, and any additional information you choose to provide in completing your portal profile will also be visible to other portal users. For Rhodes Scholars who took up their place at Oxford before 2019, basic information, plus any additional information provided by yourself in updating your profile, will also be available on the previous Rhodes portal –the Rhodes Scholar Network (RSN). This portal is being decommissioned and the data will be removed in the near future.
With your consent, your Coming Up biography and photograph will be published on the Rhodes House website; in addition, you will be added to the online scholar search tool of all Rhodes Scholars over time. With your consent, your Going Down biography, email address and photograph will be published in a password-protected area of the Rhodes House website. Aside from photographs and videos, any additional online content containing information about you will be used with your permission.
e.With third-party organisations engaged by the Rhodes Trust to provide services
For example, technical teams working on the Rhodes online portal(s) may have access to your data in maintaining the platform on behalf of the Trust.
6.Our legal basis for processing your data
We will only process your personal data where the law allows us to do so. Most commonly we rely on the following legal bases for processing your personal data:
Where we have a legitimate interest to do so for purposes listed within this privacy notice. Where we use legitimate interest as the basis for our processing we will carefully consider each of the ways we process your data to ensure that we carry out our activities with a focus on your interests, and in the most efficient and effective way.
Where we need to undertake the services that we provide to you. Information processed for this purpose includes, but is not limited to, the information you provide when you apply for the Rhodes Scholarship, register for an event, or to enable us to process a donation.
Where we are required to comply with our legal obligations for example with respect to The Charity Commission or the Information Commissioner’s Office in relation to audits or official investigations.
Where your consent is required, for example where sensitive personal data is recorded. For any processing that requires your prior consent, you can withdraw your consent at any timeand the Trust will cease the activity.
7.Change of purpose
We will only process your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another related reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you or ask permission, as relevant, if the former, we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Once you are no longer in residence in Oxford this Privacy Notice will be superseded by a separate privacy notice for Alumni, Donors and Supporters, this notice can be found here.
8.International transfers
The Rhodes Trust operates internationally. Most of the personal data we process for current Scholars and Scholars Elect stays in the UK although some users from the Rhodes Trust, including Rhodes Trust staff within our international offices (including National Secretaries and Selection Committee members), may access your personal data held in our IT systems and platforms, including those from outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We may also share data with recognised Alumni Associations, consultants, service providers and others working on our behalf outside the EEA. In all cases we will make sure transfers are made securely, subject to appropriate safeguards.
9.Data security
The Rhodes Trust takes the security of your data very seriously and we have appropriate security measures in place to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost or misused. Access to your personal data is limited to those employees, contractors, volunteers and other third parties who have a need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
10.How long we keep your data
The Rhodes Trust considers its relationship with Rhodes Scholars, donors and supporters to be life-long and we will retain much of your data indefinitely unless you request otherwise. When we no longer need to retain personal information, we ensure it is securely disposed of. We will also keep anonymised statistical data indefinitely. Some Scholar data is only retained temporarily; please contact the Scholar Affairs Office for further information on our retention policy(scholar.affairs@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk).
11.Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request correction of your data. This enables you to ask us to correct any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.
Request erasure of your data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove your data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your data where we are processing it to meet our legitimate interests (or those of a third party). You also have the right to object where we are processing your data for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your data, for example if you want to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of your data and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request it may not be possible for us to do what you have asked, for example, where there is a statutory or contractual requirement for us to process your data and it would not be possible to fulfil our legal obligations if we were to stop. However, where you have consented to the processing, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing data.protection@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk. In this event, we will stop the processing as soon as we can. If you choose to withdraw consent it will not invalidate past processing.If you want to exercise any of the rights described above or are dissatisfied with the way we have used your information, please contact us at data.protection@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk. We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation 2018). Please note that we may keep a record of your communications to help us resolve any issues which you raise.If you remain dissatisfied, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office at the ICO website: https://ico.org.uk/.
12.Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or about your personal data, or if you want to provide updates to your data or exercise any of your rights as outlined above, please use the details below, and quote your name and, if you are a Rhodes Scholar, your Rhodes identifier – (‘Election country/region’, ‘College’ & ‘Election year’):
The Rhodes TrustRhodes House, South Parks RoadOxford, OX1 3RG, United Kingdom
Email: data.protection@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time. Any changes to this privacy notice will be posted to this page.
Privacy Policy – Alumni, Donors and Supporters
The Rhodes Trust holds personal records on Rhodes Scholars and others who interact with us. Our principles are simple – we will be transparent about what data we are collecting about you, where that data comes from, how we use the information we hold about you, and the choices you can make.
The overarching purpose of collecting and processing your data is to provide you with the best possible experience of being a Scholar, donor, or supporter of the Rhodes Trust. It also enables us to ensure that any approaches we make to ask for your support of our alumni relations or fundraising goals are respectful, professional, and relevant to you.
If at any point you have questions about our privacy notice, or how we are using your data, please contact us at the details given below.
1. About this privacy notice
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain how the Rhodes Trust ("the Trust", "we", "our", "us") holds and uses personal data about Scholars, donors and supporters ("you"), and how we use it for the purposes of fundraising and alumni and supporter relations. The Rhodes Trust includes fellows and other employees at the offices at Rhodes House in Oxford and our international offices, who work in support of our aims, our Rhodes Scholars and our partnerships worldwide.
2. What we do
The Rhodes Trust’s Development and Alumni Relations teams exist to establish and develop lifelong relationships with and amongst our Scholars, donors and supporters. This includes via international networks such as the Atlantic Institute and fellowship programmes such as the Schmidt Science Fellows. We're here to help you stay connected with each other and with the news, events, fundraising priorities and progress updates that are important to you.
3. The data we collect about you
We collect information about you either directly from you during your ongoing relationship with us, from our National Secretaries, from the recognised Alumni Associations, from publicly available sources and/or from third parties providing us with services or acting on our behalf. We provide more detail about these third party and public sources below.
We may hold and process the following types of personal data about you:
- Biographical information, which may include:
name, title, date of birth, gender, marital status, spouse, partner and family details
where you live and other contact details
education history
involvement in sports teams, clubs and societies whilst at Oxford and elsewhere
employment details, career history, professional activities
interests, activities, honours and achievements
profile pictures
links to your public social media presence e.g. LinkedIn, Twitter, website or blog and information that you make public on those site
- Details of our ongoing relationship and your engagement with us, which may include:
records of your personal interactions with us (e.g. correspondence, notes of meetings or conversations)
your communication preferences; records of communications you have received from us, incl. copies of letters, emails or appeal literature sent, and of fundraising activities in which you have been included (e.g. annual fund mailings, telephone fundraising campaigns); records of your interests and support for our events and projects
your attendance (and that of your guests) on visits to, or at Rhodes Trust events, including details of any payments made, and photographs, audio and video recordings in which you may be included
your relationship to relevant trusts, foundations and corporates, e.g. membership on board of Trustees
membership of social media groups e.g. Twitter, LinkedIn and your interactions with our own social media accounts
a record of offers of voluntary support you have made, e.g. offers of expertise, advice, mentoring
a record of volunteer work you have undertaken
data obtained through cookies and similar technologies. These help us understand how you interact with our website (see cookie policy).
- Information about your giving, which may include:
current and past donations and pledges, documentation relating to these gifts and records of the projects you have supported
financial information required to process your gifts
if you have given it, an indication of your intent to leave a legacy
any requests you have made for anonymity in relation to your giving
thank you letters, donor reports provided relating to gifts you have made, correspondence and notes of meetings
plans for activities and future interactions
- Information relating to your willingness or financial capacity to support our charitable objectives, which may include:
our understanding of your likely philanthropic interests, and a note of particular projects we think may be of interest to you. This understanding may be provided by you or from information in the public domain
information about your giving to other organisations, and other support that you provide (e.g. volunteering roles, trusteeships), where this information is given to us by you or publicly reported, and where it helps us to understand your interests and capacity to provide support
other information which may give an indication of the scale of any potential philanthropic gift you may be able to give, such as information about earnings and assets, including property, and/or publicly reported estimates of wealth
any estimate we may make regarding the potential scale of your support on the basis of the above information and your previous giving
personal recommendations, where made by other supporters, that you may be willing and able to provide support
- Sensitive (“special category”) personal data where necessary, which may include:
health information, including any medical conditions – we may collect and use health information provided directly by you so we can make reasonable adjustments to improve the service we are able to offer you and to look after your wellbeing while attending our events or visiting Rhodes House.
race or ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, political convictions - we do not generally seek to obtain these categories of sensitive data however, they may sometimes be inferred from other data we hold, for example, your relationships, job titles, donations to specific causes or interests. We may obtain these types of data if you have made them public; or if you give them to us, for example when writing a blog post on the Rhodes Scholar Network or when you register for an event; or if the nature of our relationship with you means we need them to comply with equalities legislation.
4. How we use your personal data
Your personal data are used by us for the following purposes in support of alumni and supporter relations, and fundraising:
For alumni and supporter engagement
To assist our alumni relations work around the world.
To promote and manage a varied programme of events tailored to your interests.
To engage alumni and supporters in our partnerships and programmes, such as the Atlantic Institute and the Schmidt Science Fellows.
To manage our ongoing relationship with you and to provide a record of your interactions, event attendance and contributions to the Rhodes Trust.
To share Scholar news of interest to the wider Scholar community on our website.
To accept and process payments, e.g. for accommodation or event tickets.
To provide childcare at events.
To undertake surveys and market research.
To create and distribute event participant lists.
To analyse the success of our engagement activities, collect feedback, and manage complaints.
For all fundraising and donor stewardship
To accept and process donations.
To provide acknowledgement, recognition and stewardship of your gift.
To inform you of the impact of your gift.
To promote and manage a varied programme of events tailored to your interests
To manage our ongoing relationship with you and to provide a record of your interactions, event attendance and contributions to the Rhodes Trust.
To accept and process payments, e.g. for event tickets.
To ask you for your support for our fundraising programmes.
To inform fundraising, marketing and donor stewardship strategies.
In addition to analysing data shared with us, we may use publicly available information and recommendations from staff, Scholars and supporters to identify individuals who we believe may have the interest and financial capacity to make a major gift.
Where we have reason to think a potential donor may possess an interest and financial capacity to donate, we may research and collate additional information from sources in the public domain, typically concerning a potential donor's interests in so far as they may coincide with our work, their philanthropic activity, financial capacity and networks in order to substantiate this. We may undertake this research ourselves or use the services of a third-party partner. This new information may be added to the record of a donor or potential donor.
Where this activity is being undertaken for a new contact with whom we have no previous relationship, we will provide the individual with a link to this privacy notice as part of our initial engagement and no later than within six months of the initial processing of their data.
Information may be collated into a briefing or profile in order to assist the planning of an approach to a potential donor to discuss that individual's interest in our work and in supporting it.
We may also carry out due diligence on potential donors using publicly available information in order to comply with our policy on the acceptance of gifts, and to fulfil our legal responsibilities.
For operational reporting, management reporting, and governance
We may use your personal data for the purposes of operational reporting, to produce management information, and for other relevant purposes relating to the governance of the Rhodes Trust.
In our external communications:
To publish your name in an online directory, in donor listings or as part of a guest list.
To work with you to create press releases or case studies to be included in our publications, on our website, in fundraising material and on our social media feeds.
To promote Rhodes Scholars and the Rhodes Trust by sharing Rhodes Scholar news on our website and our social media feeds. News shared may include your achievements, appointments, awards and publications. We may get these from yourself or from publicly available information.
To keep you informed of news relating to the Rhodes Trust and the wider Rhodes Scholar community. You may ask us to stop sending these at any time by using the unsubscribe link in each email or by contacting us separately.
Except where we are acting on your direct wishes, directly fulfilling or entering into a contract or transaction with you, or acting subject to a legal obligation, we consider these purposes to fall within our legitimate interests (see further below). If you do not wish your data to be used in any of the ways listed above, or have any questions, please contact us.
5. When and how we share your data We will, from time to time, share your personal data with our National Secretaries, recognised Alumni Associations or with third parties working on our behalf (for example IT or other support service providers and organisations that work in partnership with us) whether inside the EEA or outside. We will only do this in appropriate circumstances, by secure means, and with the relevant data sharing or data processing agreements (as applicable) in place. We do not, and will not, sell your data.
Sharing with Alumni Associations will generally be to assist in their own alumni and supporter engagement purposes, similar to those of the Rhodes Trust as set out above, and to ensure that the personal data they hold on Alumni is accurate and up-to-date.
Third party service providers and processors will only process your personal data on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat your data confidentially and to keep it secure. We only permit them to process your personal data for our own specified purposes, being those stated in this notice. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes nor to keep your data after the processing is complete. All our third-party service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies.
Whenever your information is shared, we will always seek to share the minimum amount of information necessary to fulfil the purpose.
Your data may also be shared in the following ways:
1) Rhodes Scholar Network
If you are a Rhodes Scholar, unless you request otherwise, a basic profile will be set up for you on the Rhodes Scholar Network with your name, election region and year. This profile will remain inactive until you access the Network for the first time. We suggest that you build up your profile with the following information, so that it may be searchable by your fellow Scholars:
Rhodes degree course
Industry experience and interests
City and country of residence
It is possible to manually change your settings to show more or less information on your profile.
2) Class Leader Programme
In 2012, the Rhodes Trust created a volunteer network of Rhodes Scholar Class Leaders, inclusive of all constituencies and Rhodes class years that works cohesively to strengthen the connectivity among Scholars around the globe. Class Leaders are required to sign a confidentiality agreement, prior to being provided with a list of contact details for Scholars in their class.
If you do not want your contact details shared with Class Leaders from your election year, please contact the Rhodes Trust Development Office (development@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk).
3) University of Oxford Development Office
The Rhodes Trust works in cooperation with the University of Oxford Development Office and may share data on giving in an effort to improve our communications with you. Donations to the Trust are also counted towards the Oxford Thinking Campaign.
4) Where necessary, with partner organisations that accept gifts in support of the Rhodes Trust
Including, but not limited to: Americans For Oxford, American Trust for Oxford University, Benevity, CanadaHelps, Deutscher Rhodes Scholars e.V, Oxford University Development Office, Oxonian India Foundation, Rhodes Scholarships in Australia, Rhodes Scholarships in Canada, Rhodes Scholarships in New Zealand, Rhodes Trust in South Africa
5) With third-party organisations engaged by the Rhodes Trust to provide services including outsourcing of core systems or functions such as IT, or when obtaining professional advice.
6. Our legal basis for processing your data
We will only process your personal data where the law allows us to do so. Most commonly we rely on the following legal bases for processing your personal data:
Where we have a legitimate interest to do so for purposes listed within this privacy notice. Where we use legitimate interest as the basis for our processing we will carefully consider each of the ways we process your data to ensure that we carry out our activities with a focus on your interests, and in the most efficient and effective way, balanced against your rights and interests.
Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with you, or to enter into it initially. Information processed for this purpose includes, but is not limited to, the information you provide when you apply for a Rhodes Scholarship or register for an event.
Where it is required for us to process a donation.
Where we are required to comply with our legal obligations, such as for reclamation of Gift Aid on your donations or responses to the Charity Commission or ICO in relation to audits or official investigations.
Where your consent is required, for example sometimes where sensitive personal data (as above) is recorded. You can withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop any processing of your personal data requiring your consent (unless for example it would be in your or another’s vital interests to continue such processing).
Change of purpose
We will only process your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another related reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose (which might include reasonable retention periods, archiving and historical research). If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so, giving you the opportunity to object if appropriate. Please note that we may sometimes have to process your data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
6. International transfers
Most of the personal data we process stays in the UK although some users from the Rhodes Trust, including those within our international offices, may access your personal data held in our IT systems from outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We may also share data with consultants, service providers, partners and others working on our behalf outside the EEA. In all cases we will make sure transfers are made securely, to countries deemed adequate by the European Commission and/or subject to appropriate safeguards, except where acting on your specific instructions.
7. Data security
The Rhodes Trust takes the security of your data very seriously and we have appropriate security measures in place to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost or misused. Access to your personal data is limited to those employees, contractors and other third parties who have a need to know (and who will be competent and subject to appropriate obligations of confidentiality). They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
8. How long we keep your data
The Rhodes Trust considers its relationship with alumni, donors and supporters to be life-long and we will retain much of your data indefinitely unless you request otherwise. When we no longer need to retain personal information we ensure it is securely disposed of. We may also keep anonymised statistical data indefinitely.
9. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of your data and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your data. This enables you to ask us to correct any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.
Request erasure of your data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove your data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your data where we are processing it to meet our public interest tasks or legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your data for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your data, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request it may not be possible for us to do what you have asked, for example, where there is a statutory or contractual requirement for us to process your data and it would not be possible to fulfil our legal obligations if we were to stop. However, where you have consented to the processing, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing the relevant department. In this event, we will stop the processing as soon as we can unless there is an overriding and lawful reason not to. If you choose to withdraw consent it will not invalidate past processing, including where personal data has been published.
If you want to exercise any of the rights described above or are dissatisfied with the way we have used your information, please contact us at: data.protection@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk. We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR. Please note that we may keep a record of your communications to help us resolve any issues which you raise.
If you remain dissatisfied, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office at the ICO website www.ico.org.uk.
10. Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or about your personal data, or if you want to provide updates to your data or exercise any of your rights as outlined above, please use the details below, and quote your name and, if you are a Rhodes Scholar, your Rhodes identifier – (‘Election country/region’ & ‘College’ ‘Election year’):
The Rhodes TrustRhodes House, South Parks RoadOxford, OX1 3RG, United KingdomEmail: data.protection@rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time. Any changes to this privacy notice will be posted to this page.
Scholar Code of Conduct
For the Scholar Code of Conduct, please click here.
Website Data and Cookie Policy
Below sets out the Website Data and Cookie Policy of the Rhodes Trust.
Cookie Data
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your computer or mobile phone. These small text files are known as cookies. The type of cookies placed by the Rhodes Trust website collect information about how visitors use the website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore is anonymous. The information is only used to improve how our website works.
By using the Rhodes Trust website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.aboutcookies.org or www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Google Analytics sets cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the website and volumes of usage. This to ensure that the service is available when you want it and fast. For more information about Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics website.
If you do not wish to accept cookies onto your device you can disable them by adjusting the settings on your browser. Please be advised that this will affect the functionality of the websites you visit. This Cookies policy only covers the Rhodes Trust website at https://www.rhodeshouse.ox.ac.uk/. It does not cover links within this site to other websites.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics sets cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the website and volumes of usage. This to ensure that the service is available when you want it and fast. Below is a list of the cookies downloaded to your device from our website through our use of Google Analytics.
Name: _utma
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 2 years
Name: _utmb
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 30 minutes
Name: _utmc
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: when user exits browser
Name: _utmz
Typical content: randomly generated number + info on how the site was reached (e.g. directly or via a link, organic search or paid search)
Expires: 6 months
For more information about Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics website.
Subscribe to the Rhodes Trust e-Newsletter
Subscribe to our e-Newsletter
Submit