http://www.bauerlaw.net/en/privacy-policy
General
SERGE BAUER PC respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Web site. This privacy policy outlines how we will use the information you provide to us. This statement also will instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or shared when you visit the the SERGE BAUER PC or BauerLaw.net sites.
Individually Identifiable Information
SERGE BAUER PC will not collect any individually identifiable information about you such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
If you do not want your individually identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the e-mail address or phone number listed at the bottom of this policy. We will use delete your information from our existing files.
When you do provide us with individually identifiable information, we may use that information in the following ways unless stated otherwise: we may store and process it to better understand your case or potential case; we may also use it to contact you.
Children
SERGE BAUER PC has no intention of collecting any individually identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address from individuals under the age of 13. If a child has provided us with individually identifiable information, that child's parent or guardian should contact us at the e-mail address or phone number listed at the bottom of this policy if they would like this information deleted from our records.
Non-Individually Identifiable Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not individually identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the Web site from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
Whom to Contact
If you have submitted individually identifiable information through the Serge Bauer P.C. Web site and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us ator call us at 301-951-0700. We will delete this information from our existing files.
Serge Bauer, P.C.
© 2020 Privacy policy
Back to desktop version
Back to mobile version
Phone: +1 301 951 0700Fax: +1 301 951 0620Skype: SergeBauerPCEmail:
Twitter
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn
×
User name
Password
Remember me
Log in
Forgot your username?
Forgot your password?