http://www.municipalcourt.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy of Law Office of Ronald P. Mondello, New Jersey |
24 Hour Toll Free
(877) 394-4665
0-100 27th St
Fair Lawn, N.J. 07410
Home
New Jersey DWI
DWI/DUI Laws
DWI Laws in New Jersey
Levels of Penalties for DUI/DWI Charges in New Jersey
Pleading Guilty to a DUI/DWI Charge in New Jersey
General Information
Common Circumstances Associated with DUI/DWI charges in New Jersey
The New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission Cannot Suspend Your License For a Pending DWI Charge
DUI/DWI Cases Due To Drugs in New Jersey
Case History And Contact Information
Useful Tips
What To Do After Being Charged With A DUI/DWI in New Jersey?
Common Mistakes Committed by People Charged with DUI/DWI In New Jersey.
Hiring An Attorney
What to look for When Hiring an Attorney to Represent your Case?
Is Retaining a Public Defender a Viable Option?
Field Sobriety Tests
Administration of Tests During a Stop
Types of Field Sobriety Tests
Walk-and-Turn
One-Leg Stand
Horizontal Gaze Nystagmus
Common Misconceptions: Refusing the Tests
Non-Standardized Tests
Defense Strategy & Police Mistakes
Tests as Evidence in Court
Field Sobriety Test History & Purpose
Insurance Surcharge
Points on Your License
Driving Without Insurance
Speeding
Driving While Suspended
Disorderly Persons/Shoplifting
Your Rights in New Jersey
Traffic Offenses
Major Traffic Laws
Driving While Your License Is under Suspension
Moving Violations and The Interstate Driver’s License Compact
Underage Drivers and Traffic Infractions
Leaving the Scene of an Accident
New Jersey’s Unsafe Driving Statute
General Info About Traffic Offenses
What Are the Most Common Traffic Tickets Issued in New Jersey?
Commercial Drivers (CDL Holders) Are Subject to an Enhanced Point System
Do You Have to Appear in Court for a Moving Violation?
A DWI Charge Is the Most Serious of Vehicle-Related Offenses
Is a DWI a Criminal Charge in New Jersey?
Useful Tips for Traffic Offense Cases
It Is Advisable to Retain an Attorney before the Penalties for Driving While Suspended Begin to Compound
Common Misconceptions about Moving Violations
Criminal Defense
Shoplifting Offenses
What is shoplifting offense?
What to do if I am accused of shoplifting by a Store Security Guard?
Should I hire an Attorney and what can an Attorney do for me?
Are some shoplifting offenses more serious than others?
FAQs
Client Testimonials
Contact Us
Related Articles
Terms of Use
Client Testimonials
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Charged with a DWI?
(Useful Info Revealed that may
help
you Navigate your DWI Case)
Fight Your Traffic Ticket
(Useful Info Revealed to Fight Your Traffic Ticket)
Free Initial Consultation
Your Name *
Email *
Phone *
Tell us what happened
*
Recent Posts
Defense Strategy & Police Mistakes
Tests as Evidence in Court
Non-Standardized Tests
East Greenwich mayor pleads not guilty to DWI
Legal Protection against Truck Accidents
Hire a Personal Injury Attorney for Drunk Driving Cases
Immigration and Criminal
Defense Attorney
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
By
Ronald P. Mondello
Related Articles
Terms of Use
Client Testimonials
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Blog
Attorney Marketing
Google Places
Local Listings
© 2013 Ronald P. Mondello, Esq. All Rights Reserved.