http://www.lymn.co.uk/funerals/website/privacy-policy
Contact Us
24/7
0115 941 4101
A.W. Lymn
0115 941 4101
A.W. Lymn Pre Need
0800 092 0645
City Flowers Nottingham
0115 952 6666
The Craftsmen in Stone
0115 911 4411
Lymn Luxury Vehicle Hire
0115 911 4401
Carriage Masters
0115 941 4101
Funerals Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Overview
A.W. Lymn, The Family Funeral Service Limited (A.W. Lymn) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy together with our Terms of
Use and any other documents referred to on it, set out the basis on which any Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from you or which you provide
to us will be processed by us as a result of using or interacting with our website as set out below. We aim at all times to process and collect your
data lawfully, transparently, fairly and without adversely affecting your rights as a Data Subject (as defined below). Please read the following carefully
to understand our practices and procedures. The website we operate is: www.lymn.co.uk, its related domains
and sub domains (A.W. Lymn Site) which is hosted on Amazon Web Services in EEA data centres.
Please note:
By giving your consent, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. If you do not give your consent, please navigate away
from the A.W. Lymn Site.
You may withdraw your consent at any time. An explanation of your rights is set out below.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Legislation (as defined below), the data controller is A.W. Lymn The Family Funeral Service Limited, a limited liability
company with company number 01804600, whose registered office is at Robin Hood House, Robin Hood Street, Nottingham, NG3 1GF.
Our nominated representative, as Data Protection Officer for the purpose of the Data Protection Legislation is Chloe Lymn Rose.
If you are not satisfied with any action taken by us or response given, you have the right to complain to Information Commissioner at www.ico.org.uk, or Help line telephone number: 0303 123 1113.
Definitions
In this policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
Cookie: a small file placed on your computer or device by the A.W. Lymn Site when you visit certain parts of the A.W. Lymn Site and/or
when you use certain features of the A.W. Lymn Site.
Cookie Law: means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Data Protection Legislation: up to but excluding 25 May 2018, the Data Protection Act 1998 and thereafter:
unless and until the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) is no longer directly applicable in the UK, the GDPR and any national
implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, as amended or updated from time to time, in the UK; and then
any successor legislation to the GDPR or the Data Protection Act 1998.
Data Subject: a natural identifiable person.
Personal Data: has the meaning set out in the Data Protection Legislation, being as at the data of this policy, any data which identifies
a natural person (by way of example, name, address, phone number and so on).
What this policy also covers
This policy also explains:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected:
on the A.W. Lymn Site, when you interact with it;
when you download from the A.W. Lymn Site;
when you interact with A.W. Lymn’s advertising and applications on third party websites and services.
What organisation is collecting the information;
How the information is used;
With whom the information may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under A.W. Lymn’s control;
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information; and
How you can request the information we process and store to be removed.
There are other terms that may apply to you
In addition to this policy, please refer to our Terms of Use.
We may make changes to these terms and our website
We may update and change these terms and our website from time to time for a variety of reasons. By way of examples: to reflect changes to the services
we offer, user’s needs, regulatory or legal requirements. Every time you wish to use the A.W. Lymn Site, please check these terms to ensure you understand
the terms that apply at that time. These terms were updated on 14 May 2018.
Children under the age of 18
Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors do not submit any personal information to us. We will not knowingly
accept any data from a person who is under the age of 18 years.
Information We Collect from you
We will collect and process the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser
type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time),
download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to
browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call us.
If you:
(a) complete one of our enquiry forms on the A.W. Lymn Site;
(b) enter into a contract with us for our services;
(c) report a problem with the A.W. Lymn Site;
or (d) otherwise correspond with us, we may collect your name, address (including e-mail address), other contact details, phone numbers, identification
and bank details.
Use of your information
We will use the data collected about you in the following ways:
to provide services to you, including but not limited to arranging a funeral, flowers, cars and other services;
improve the efficiency of the A.W. Lymn Site;
to develop services;
to notify you of changes to our services;
to understand our customer requirements and preferences, perform analysis and comparisons;
to administer and update our website to ensure it runs smoothly on your hardware;
to perform market research or analysis on customer preferences or trends and
to deal with your enquiry with a view to entering into a contract with you;
to note your details as an attendee at a funeral.
Please also see below under “Cookies”.
Where we store your personal data
Although the data we collect from you is stored in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Data transferred to third parties to perform our contract you may
be transferred to third parties outside the EEA, e.g. data passed to vehicle hire companies, pre-paid funeral providers and Funeral Zone, including
information sent and received on email. By submitting Personal Data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably
necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
As referred to above, all information you provide to us is stored on Amazon Web Services servers. We use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology to encrypt
the data on the A.W. Lymn Site. The parties with whom we share your data to perform our contract with you may have different arrangements in place.
When you submit your Personal Data to the A W Lymn Site it is stored on the site for a period of up to 6 months, after which time it will be removed. Your
Personal Data may be stored elsewhere within our business if you subsequently enter into a contract with us.
We take all reasonable technical, organisation and security steps to ensure that the information you supply to us over the internet is secure.
Your rights
As a Data Subject under the Data Protection Legislation you have the following rights:
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. If you submit an enquiry form on the A.W. Lymn Site, you give
your consent to A.W. Lymn contacting you for marketing purposes. We will not share your information with third party marketing agencies without
your consent. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can
also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at: dpo@lymn.co.uk.
The A.W. Lymn Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that
these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these
policies before you submit any Personal Data to these websites.
You have the right to ask us to supply to you the information we hold, this is known as a data subject access request. For further details please contact
us on: dpo@lymn.co.uk.
You have the right to ask us to rectify the data we hold in the event that it contains inaccuracies or is incomplete. To discuss this please contact
us on:dpo@lymn.co.uk.
You have the right to ask us to erase the Personal Data we hold if: (i) it is no longer necessary for us to hold the data; (ii) you wish to withdraw
your consent to us holding the data; (iii) you object to us holding or processing the data; (iv) you believe that we have processed the data unlawfully;
or (v) the data needs to be erased for us to comply with a particular legal obligation. To make a request please contact us on: dpo@lymn.co.uk.
Disclosure of your information
You agree that we have the right to share your Personal Data with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies
Act 2006.
Selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the A.W. Lymn Site.
To a prospective buyer or seller if we sell or buy any business or assets.
If any of the shares in A.W. Lymn are sold or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it
about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply our terms of business or
terms of use, and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of A.W. Lymn, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging
information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Cookies
All Cookies used by A.W. Lymn on the A.W. Lymn Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law. We may use some or all of the following types of Cookie:
Strictly Necessary Cookies - a Cookie falls into this category if it is essential to the operation of the A.W. Lymn Site, supporting functions such
as logging in.
Analytics and Flash Cookies - it is important for A.W. Lymn to understand how you use the A.W. Lymn Site. For example, how efficiently you are able
to navigate around it, and what features you use. Analytics Cookies enable us to gather this information, helping A.W. Lymn to improve the A.W.
Lymn Site and your experience of it.
Functionality Cookies - enable us to provide additional functions to you on the A.W. Lymn Site such as personalisation and remembering your saved preferences.
Some functionality Cookies may also be strictly necessary Cookies, but not all necessarily fall into that category.
Persistent Cookies - any of the above types of Cookie may be a persistent Cookie. Persistent Cookies are those which remain on your computer or device
for a predetermined period and are activated each time you visit the A.W. Lymn Site.
Session Cookies - any of the above types of Cookie may be a session Cookie. Session Cookies are temporary and only remain on your computer or device
from the point at which you visit the A.W. Lymn Site until you close your browser. Session Cookies aren’t deleted when you close your browser,
to delete these cookies you will need to clear your browser history.
Web beacons - certain pages on the A.W. Lymn Site and e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons. Web beacons permit A.W. Lymn
to monitor the volume of users of the A.W. Lymn Site and the popularity of certain pages.
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device you will be shown a cookie compliance statement, requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By
giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling us to provide you with the best possible experiences and services to you. You may wish
to deny consent to the placing of the Cookies at which point we request you cease using the website.
In addition to the controls that A.W. Lymn provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies and the web beacons referred to above in your internet
browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet
browsers accept Cookies, but this can be changed. For further details, please access the help menu in your internet browser.
External Web Services and Links
We use a number of external web services on the A.W. Lymn Site, mostly to display content within our web pages. For example, Facebook and Twitter. This
is not an exhaustive or complete list of the services we use, or might use in the future, when embedding content, but these are the most common. We
cannot prevent these third party sites, or external domains, from collecting information on your usage of this embedded content.
Suppliers and Other Service Providers
From time to time we use third party suppliers and service providers to facilitate our services. Where any service provider collects information directly
from you (for example, if we ask a service provider to conduct a survey for us) you will be notified of the involvement of the supplier or service
provider, and all information disclosures you make will be strictly optional.