http://www.wycliffe.org/privacy-policy/
Log in to your Account
Wycliffe Bible Translators, Inc. (“Wycliffe,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience with this website.
This Privacy Policy discloses what information Wycliffe gathers through this web site (www.wycliffe.org (the “Site”)) and other means, and how we use it. By using this Site, you agree: (1) that you have read, understood, accepted, and agreed to be bound by the Terms and Conditions listed at https://www.wycliffe.org/terms-and-conditions and this Privacy Policy, and (2) that Wycliffe is permitted to collect and use your personal information as set forth below. If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy, please leave this Site immediately, do not access or otherwise use any portion of the Site, and do not disclose any personal information to Wycliffe via this Site.
Information Wycliffe Collects
Wycliffe gathers two types of information about you on the Site:
1. Personal Information. We gather information you provide through optional, voluntary submissions throughout the Site. We collect your willingly-submitted contact information (e.g., your name, address, email, etc.), financial information (e.g., credit card type, number, and expiration date), and other information you submit through the Site and use it to: (a) fulfill your requests to receive our e-mails, print publications, and other communications; (b) facilitate participation in our surveys and polls; (c) facilitate your requests to share portions of or links to our web content with friends/contacts; (d) process purchases from our online store; (e) process online donations; (f) provide receipts; (g) contact you when necessary in order to resolve customer service issues or questions; (h) personalize the types of information you receive from us; and, (i) offer or furnish additional products and services.
We also may collect, store and use information related to your visits to and use of this website. We may use this information to improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website. Additionally, if you have signed up to receive communications from us, we may use information related to your use of this website to focus future communications on topics we think may interest you.
2.Aggregate user information. We also gather information through aggregated Site tracking tools, derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our Site. This aggregated tracking information does not include your personal information, but is instead limited to: (a) information such as the server your computer is logged onto and IP address, (b) your browser type (e.g., Google Chrome or Internet Explorer), and (c) the pages you view or request to view. This information allows us to assess trends in the use of our Site or purchases of products or services, develop content and functionality, and improve the service and products we provide.
Analytics. Wycliffe also gathers information about you through Google Analytics. We may enable and implement additional add-on services to Google Analytics, such as Demographics and Interest Reporting. Demographics and Interest Reporting uses cookies to collect data about our website traffic by tracking users across websites and across time to provide us with analytics on our user base.  Through the use of both first and third party tracking cookies provided by Google, we capture site traffic demographic information including age and gender as available. We also capture interest information such as affinity, in-market and interest categories. All of this information is tied to specific computers via cookies and not a specific person. This information may be gathered simply by trends based on other sites visited or by information shared on certain websites, Google profiles and social networking sites. Interest information gathered may be used to target appropriate online ads across other sites on the Internet, Google and social outlets like Facebook.
To learn more about how Google uses data, visit Google’s Privacy Policy and Google’s page on “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps.”  If you would like to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. Please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and follow the instructions found there to download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for each web browser you use.. Using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on does not prevent the use of other analytics tools. To learn more about Google Analytics cookies, visit Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites.
Online Behavioral Advertising. We may occasionally use advertising networks and services provided by third-party vendors. These services collect data about your interactions with the Site and other websites across the internet and use such data to target personal content and advertisements for goods and services. The data collected may be associated with your Personal Information. The targeted content and advertisements may appear on the Site and on other websites and may be sent to you via email. Advertising networks often gather data about consumers who view advertisements to make inferences about a consumer’s interests and preferences, which enables the delivery of advertisements directly targeted to the consumer’s specific interests. This practice is often referred to as “online behavioral advertising.”
For example, we may use Google Ads to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and on the Site. Google uses cookies and similar technologies to collect data about your visits to the Site and your interaction with our products and services to generate targeted advertisements to you on other websites that you visit across the internet. To opt out of remarketing advertising provided through Google, to customize your ad preferences, or to limit Google’s collection or use of such data, visit Google’s Safety Center and Google’s Ad Settings and follow Google’s personalized ad opt-out instructions. Opting out will not affect your use of the Site.
To change your preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain more information about third-party ad networks and online behavioral advertising, visit the National Advertising Initiative Consumer opt-out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program. Changing your settings with individual browsers or ad networks will not necessarily carry over to other browsers or ad networks. As a result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may occasionally still see our ads.
You may visit https://www.google.com/settings/ads to opt out of Google’s use of cookies or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ to opt out of other third party vendors’ use of cookies.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies are used to enhance the experience while visiting this Site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our Site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site. The only drawback to this is that you will be limited in some areas of our Site. For example, you will not be able to fully participate in any of our polls that take place. Cookies can also enable us to track and target your interests to enhance your experience on our Site. As referenced above, some of our technology partners (i.e., Google Analytics Demographics and Interests, traffic analysis, email marketing, etc.) use cookies on our Site. Some of these cookies may be used by third parties to serve targeted online ads on other websites, Google and social outlets like Facebook. You may visit https://www.google.com/settings/ads to opt out of Google’s use of cookies or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ to opt out of other third party vendors’ use of cookies.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We will not sell or rent either type of information described above other than what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We do participate in cooperative database services which help us identify new potential contacts. Names and mailing addresses may be shared between participating parties in the cooperative database services, but no credit card information or source of the contact is ever shared. From time to time, we also share aggregated user information with our partners and affiliates. This information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We also use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We sometimes also partner with other third parties to provide specific services. When you sign up for these services, we will share such contact information as is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. In addition, at some point in the future, Wycliffe might sell or buy businesses or assets, or Wycliffe might be acquired by, or merged with, another company. In any of those circumstances, personal information in our databases may be included among the transferred assets. Additionally, we may provide to a third party platform or provider aggregate user information and allow a third party platform or provider to add, read, update or modify cookies or use other tracking technologies (which may include demographic or intent-based data about that website visitor).
Required Disclosure of Information
We also reserve the following rights to disclose your personal information to appropriate third-parties if we are required to do so by law or we believe such action is necessary: (1) for technical processing - we may need to view your information in connection with technical problems or network maintenance; (2) to protect Wycliffe’s rights, interest, and/or property; (3) to investigate reports of users sending material using a false email address or users sending harassing, threatening, subjective, or abusive messages; (4) to protect against fraud, misuse, or unauthorized use of our Site and/or ministry; (5) during emergencies (e.g., when we believe someone's physical safety is at risk); and (6) to comply with legal process (e.g., search warrant, subpoena or court order) or applicable laws.
Links
This Site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Wycliffe is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Site.
Security
We will take reasonable precautions to protect your information on this Site. We typically employ physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information we collect online, including the use of passwords to gain access to your information and standard authorization and encryption procedures for certain transactions. However, even with such measures, no one can guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to bypass these measures or otherwise capture information you provide over the Internet. You can help keep your information secure by keeping your password confidential and always signing out of your account and closing your browser window when you are finished viewing the Site. If you have any questions about the security at our Site, you can send an email to info_usa@wycliffe.org.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If any of your information changes, we will endeavor to provide a simple way to correct, update, and/or remove your personal information provided to us.  This can usually be done at the “My Account” page on this Site. If you are unable to correct, update, and/or remove your personal information at the “My Account” page on this Site, please send an e-mail to info_usa@wycliffe.org.
Opt-in/Opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive communications or promotional materials requested through our website, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by updating your subscriptions. You may remove yourself from our email list or update your email preferences by clicking on the "Update e-mail preferences or unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any Wycliffe marketing email. You may remove yourself from any print mailing list by emailing the Wycliffe Contact Center at info_USA@Wycliffe.org. In addition, you will be notified when your personal information is being collected by any outside party. We do this so you can make an informed choice as to whether you should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not. Outside organizations maintain their own mailing lists. Please contact them directly regarding your receipt of their materials.
Children Under 13
Wycliffe encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on this Site. Parents should consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help supervise their children's online activities. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information online without parental permission.
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information (e.g., name, email, mailing address, phone number) from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental or legal guardian consent in compliance with COPPA. No information should be submitted to this Site by visitors under the age of 13 without the express consent of a parent or legal guardian. Parents can email us to have any of their child's information removed from any further use or communications at info_usa@wycliffe.org.
Changes to our Policy
Wycliffe reserves the right to change or modify portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy linked from our “Homepage” on the Site so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated (see below). Your continued use of this Site following posted changes of this Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of these changes.
Changes to this Policy were last made on December 29, 2019.
Contacting the Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact: info_usa@wycliffe.org.