http://www.bear-left.com/privacy.html
Bear-Left!
Privacy Statement
25 March 2001
Revised 22 April 2001
Revised 22 July 2001
Your privacy is extremely important to us.
Because we are not running this site for financial
gain, and because we think this information should be private, we will never sell or give away
any information to any third parties for any reason whatsoever. We will not keep any record of
your identity unless we have a very good reason to do so.
Information Gathering
General Information:
We may collect personal information from you, including your name,
e-mail address, and facts about your computer.
We will only collect your name or e-mail address
if you elect to send us e-mail, or fill out a form with your name or e-mail address.
We do not,
however, knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen.
IP addresses: Our web host uses your IP address (the location of your computer on
the internet) to help diagnose problems with our server and to gauge the popularity of content
areas.
We get aggregated reports on a weekly and monthly basis that show the web pages that refer users
to our site.
We will not give this information out to any other parties.
Cookies: We will not use "cookies" on this site.
Information Use and Sharing
We may use information in the following ways:
For the purposes for which you specifically provided the information including, for example,
to enable us to put you on an electronic mailing list.
To send you e-mail notifications about new or existing features.
Email Addresses: We will not share your e-mail address with any third party for any reason
whatsoever.
Mailing Lists: If we establish an electronic mailing list, we will not rent, exchange or sell to
any third parties any information that you provide to us.
Agents: Other than our web hosting provider, we employ no outside agents to do anything on
our behalf.
Links
This site contains links to other websites, in the form of hyperlinks. Bear Left! is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Our site uses a form for readers to be placed on an electronic mailing list.
Information from this form is used to send e-mail newsletters to readers who have
requested them.
Readers may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the
information under our control.
Children
Bear Left! is directed to teenagers and adults and is not directed to children under the age of
13. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13.
Opt-Out
Any readers who sign up for our mailing list will be able to remove themselves
at anytime by following instructions at the bottom of each newsletter.
We only send
promotional e-mails to readers who have specifically asked to receive them.
Readers will be able to opt out of any promotional e-mails by following the
instructions either in those e-mails or by following a link
on this page.
Correct/Update
This site has instructions and options for readers who wish to change or update
the information we need for sending out our mailing list.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your
dealings with this Web site, you can contact
editors[at-sign]bear-left.com.
Bear-Left!:
link library |
archives |
about us |
mailing list |
home
© 2001 Bear Left!