http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/legal/lgln/10.2003.html
<!--[if supportFields]> SEQ CHAPTER \h \r 1LESBIAN/GAY
LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 October 2003
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard,
New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804;
e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Fred
Bernstein, Esq., New York City; Joshua Feldman, Student, NY Law School ‘05;
Joseph Griffin, Student, NY Law School ‘05; Alan J. Jacobs, Esq., New York
City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York City;
Mark Major, Esq., New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., Washington, D.C.; Tara
Scavo, Alumna, NY Law School ‘03; Daniel R Schaffer, New York City; Audrey E.
Weinberger, Student, NY Law School ‘05; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College,
London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer,
LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le_gal@earthlink.net.  Inquire for subscription rates.
(C) 2003 by the Lesbian &
Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
11TH CIRCUIT DUMPS
ALABAMA SODOMY LAW CHALLENGE ON STANDING GROUNDS
A panel of the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 11th Circuit unanimously ruled on Sept. 11 that a
pending challenging to the constitutionality of the Alabama sodomy law was
correctly dismissed by the district court for lack of standing prior to the
Supreme Court’s decision in _Lawrence v. Texas_, 123 S.Ct. 2472 (2003). _Doe v.
Pryor_, 2003 WL 22097758.   The opinion
for the court by Circuit Judge Carnes ridiculed the plaintiffs for persisting
with the case in light of _Lawrence_, seizing upon a written admission by the
named defendant, Alabama Attorney General William H. Pryor, Jr., that as a
consequence of _Lawrence_ the sodomy law could not be legally enforced against
consent adults for private sexual activity.
The case was brought a while ago
by two anonymous gay men and two anonymous lesbians.  Three of the plaintiffs alleged that the statute violated their
First Amendment rights.  The fourth,
J.B., a lesbian mother who had lost custody and suffered restrictions on her
visitation, also alleged an equal protection violation, noting that Alabama
courts had relied on the sodomy law in determining her fitness for custody and
placing restrictions on the presence of her partner during visitation with her children.
It was clear from his
introductory remarks that Judge Carnes saw no reason for a court to have to
deal with the merits of this case. “In the wake of the _Lawrence_ decision,” he
wrote, “the statute has been declared dead by the Alabama Attorney General, who
as the chief law enforcement officer of the state ought to know.  But the corpse is not dead enough to suit
the plaintiffs, who want the federal courts to drive a stake through its heart
by adding our pronouncement to the Attorney General’s.  For the reasons that follow, they don’t have
standing to get us to speak on the subject beyond what we must say in order to
dispose of their appeal from the district court’s dismissal of their complaint
for lack of standing.”
District Judge Ira De Ment had
found that there was no record of recent prosecutions under the statute for
private, adult consensual activity, thus the plaintiffs could not allege any
reasonable fear of prosecution under the statute for such conduct.
In reviewing this decision, Carnes
first took the question of J.B.’s standing to bring an equal protection claim,
based on the adverse decisions against her in the custody and visitation
litigation.  Finding that “all of her
alleged injuries arise out of the Alabama custody proceeding,” Carnes asserted:
“Even if we assume that all of those alleged injuries meet the _Lujan_
injury-in-fact requirement, she still does not have standing to bring this
claim because her injuries are not fairly traceable to the Alabama Attorney
General and they cannot be redressed through this action against him.”   Since the Attorney General was not a party
to the custody proceeding, and there was no indication that the state had ever
prosecuted J.B. for sodomy, Carnes agreed with the district judge that J.B.’s
claim of standing was fatally flawed.
Finding that Attorney General
Pryor had never threatened to prosecute J.B., Carnes observed, “To the
contrary, in the wake of the Supreme Court’s _Lawrence_ decision, he now
concedes that section 13A-6-65(a)(3) is unconstitutional, in his words, ‘to the
extent that it applies to private, legitimately consensual anal and oral sex
between unmarried persons,’ which is the only kind J.B.’s allegations
cover.  Because there is no ‘challenged
action’ by the Attorney General, J.B.’s injuries are not “fairly traceable” to
the only defendant before the Court.” Carnes also asserted that an injunction
against the Attorney General prohibiting enforcement of the statute by his
office would not “change the result J.B. suffered in the state court custody
proceeding.” Carnes took the humble – and technically correct – position that
rulings on the constitutionality of state laws by inferior federal courts have
no binding precedential authority in the state courts.  Only the U.S. Supreme Court can issue a
binding decision on the unconstitutionality of a state law, according to
Carnes, and therefore the U.S. District Court in Alabama and the 11th
Circuit are without authority to provide any remedy for the wrong suffered by
J.B.
Carnes pointed out that the
Supreme Court’s decision in _Lawrence_ should suffice – together with Pryor’s
concession – to persuade Alabama courts that their sodomy law can no longer be
relied on as a basis for ruling in a custody case.  He commented that if _Lawrence_ did not suffice, it was unlikely
that anything the 11th Circuit or the District Court would say on
the matter would carry more weight with the state courts.
In light of Pryor’s concession,
it was easy for Carnes to find that none of the plaintiffs now face a credible
threat of prosecution under the law, thus precluding their having standing to
seek a declaration from the federal court as to its constitutionality.
“Besides,” he wrote, “we are not going to turn a blind eye to recent events
which establish that there is no credible threat of enforcement of section
13A-6-65(a)(3).  The United State
Supreme Court has held that statutory prohibitions on consensual sodomy like
the Alabama statute are unconstitutional because they infringe upon the rights
of ‘adults to engage in the private conduct in the exercise of their liberty
under the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.’  The Alabama Attorney General has expressly
conceded in supplemental briefing to this Court that the Supreme Court’s decision
in _Lawrence_ renders section 13A-6-65(a)(3) unconstitutional ‘to the extent
that it applies to private, legitimately consensual anal and oral sex between
unmarried persons,’ which is all that these plaintiffs are concerned about.  The Alabama Attorney General is the chief
law enforcement officer of the state and has supervisory authority over every
district attorney in Alabama.  Because
there is no credible threat of enforcement of section 13A-6-65(a)(3), the plaintiffs
have no standing to challenge that statute on First Amendment grounds.”
The lead counsel for the
plaintiffs, James Garland, an instructor at Hofstra University Law School,
contends that the court got the standing analysis wrong in J.B.’s case.  He points out that in the custody and visitation
cases before the Alabama courts, there was no allegation that J.B. had engaged
in anal or oral sex with her partner or anybody else, and that the court’s
reliance on the sodomy law in those cases had given it a more expansive harmful
effect, going beyond the specific sex acts as to which A.G. Pryor has conceded
the law’s inapplicability in light of _Lawrence_.  However, it seems unlikely that the 11th Circuit would
go en banc for a dispute of this type, or that the Supreme Court would be
interested in reviewing this ruling on the standing question.  A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Ninth Circuit Revives Suit by
Gay Air Force Psychiatrist
The United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has breathed new life into the constitutional
claims of a gay psychiatrist who is fighting the United States Air Force’s
efforts to recover from him, after he was discharged from the military for
coming out of the closet, the money that it outlaid for the cost of his medical
education. _Hensala v. Dep’t of Air Force_, 2003 WL 22128924 (Sept. 12).
Reversing in part the decision of U.S. District Judge William H. Alsup (N.D.
Cal.), the majority of the divided appellate panel concluded that Hensala
should have the opportunity to prove that the military applies its recoupment
policy against former service members discriminatorily on the basis of sexual
orientation, in violation of the First Amendment free speech and federal Equal
Protection.
Under the Armed Forces Health Professional Scholarship Program, the military pays
for medical education in exchange for an enforceable commitment to serve on
active duty in the armed forces as a physician for an agreed upon period of
time. Under the program, the military has the right to recuperate the costs of
the service member’s education if she or he “voluntarily or because of
misconduct” fails to complete the period of active duty specified in the
agreement. (Since 1957, misconduct under the Uniform Code of Military Justice
has included sex between service members of the same gender.)  In 1994, the Deputy Secretary of Defense
issued a memo clarifying that while a service member who comes out of the
closet – and fails to prove that he or she is celibate – is subject to
discharge under the “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy, the military only seeks
recoupment if the service member “made the statement [coming out of the closet]
for the purpose of seeking separation.”
Hensala is a psychiatrist and a former Air Force Reserve captain who
participated in the scholarship program. He graduated from Northwestern
University Medical School in 1990, and was appointed Captain in the Air Force
Reserve, Medical Corps. After his graduation, he requested and was granted two
deferments of active duty so that he could complete a three-yearpsychiatric residency
and a two-year fellowship in child psychiatry. In 1994, the Air Force notified
Hensala that his active duty would begin in 1995. Soon afterwards, Hensala
advised the Air Force that he was willing to perform his required active duty
service, but was gay and intended to live with his partner while serving. At
first, Hensala’s commanding officer said that this was acceptable as long as
Hensala did not bring his partner to the housing office and did not publicize
their relationship. Ultimately, however, by 1997 the Air Force had conducted an
investigation concerning Hensala’s statement that he was gay, appointed counsel
to represent him,
concluded after a recorded interview that Hensala had informed the Air Force of
his sexual orientation in order to avoid active duty, discharged him and
ordered him to repay $71,429.53 pursuant to the recoupment policy. Hensala did
not contest his discharge, but petitioned to have the recoupment order
rescinded.
When that petition was denied in April of 2000, he sued the government,
alleging that the recoupment order violated the Administrative Procedure Act,
his procedural due process and equal protection rights and his right to freedom
of speech. In May 2001, the district court granted the Air Force’s motion for
summary judgment. The Court of Appeals affirmed the lower court’s dismissal of
Hensala’s APA and due process claims, but reversed and remanded the case as to
his equal protection and free speech claims.
In support of his APA claim, Hensala argued that the administrative
determination to seek recoupment against him lacked an adequate factual
foundation. The appellate panel unanimously disagreed. Writing on behalf of
himself and Judge Richard A. Paez, Judge Sidney R. Thomas wrote that under the
deferential arbitrary and capricious standard of review, the facts supported
the Air Force’s determination, based on its internal policies. The conclusion
that Hensala came out of the closet in order to induce his own separation from
the military was “supported by inferences drawn from the timing of Hensala’s
disclosure and [the investigating officer’s] credibility
determination,” Judge Thomas explained.
The Court of Appeals deferred ruling on Hensala’s appeal until three months
after the United States Supreme Court issued its decision in _Lawrence v.
Texas_, 123 S.Ct. 2472 (2003), that state anti-sodomy laws violate the 14th
Amendment’s Due Process Clause. The panel even invited supplemental submissions
from the parties as to the impact of _Lawrence_ on their claims and defenses.  Hensala raised an alternate APA argument
based on _Lawrence_ – that the recoupment policy could not be enforced because
it was “contrary to a constitutional right.” The panel chose in the end not to
address this argument on the merits, although Judge Thomas noted: “We do not,
of course, preclude the parties from pursuing the claim on remand.”
As for his due process claim, Hensala argued that there was a presumption that
any service member’s statement declaring her or his sexual orientation
constituted an irrebuttable finding of the service member’s intent to separate
from the military, despite a written policy providing for
individualized findings. Here, too, the appellate court disagreed: “Even
viewing the evidence in the light most favorable toward Hensala, the record
demonstrates that the Air Force orders recoupment after individualized
determinations of intent and does not, in policy or in practice, circumvent the
investigation by applying an irrebuttable presumption.”
Hensala persuaded the majority
of the panel that he should be given the opportunity to pursue his equal
protection and free speech claim, based on the argument that unlike the “Don’t
Ask, Don’t Tell” policy, the recoupment policy focuses on sexual orientation,
not on alleged conduct.  Judge Thomas
wrote that “there are genuine issues of material fact as to whether the
recoupment policy applies exclusively to service members who are gay [or
lesbian] and not simply to all service members who violate [the rule against
same-sex sexual conduct]… If it is demonstrated that the armed forces is
discriminating based on status, Hensala’s equal protection and first amendment
claims present genuine issues that need to be resolved at trial.”
Judge A. Wallace Tashima dissented from that portion of the court’s ruling that
resuscitated Hensala’s equal protection and First Amendment claims, concluding
that Hensala simply had not lived up to his end of the bargain with the Air
Force. He explained: “John Hensala received a free medical education at taxpayer
expense to the tune of $71,429.53. In return, he promised to serve as a
physician in the United States Air Force for four years. Quite simply, Hensala
refused to perform his part of the bargain – he reneged on his promise. Because
I can see no legal reason why Hensala should not be held to his bargain and
required to repay the government for his medical education, I dissent from so
much of the majority opinion as remands this case for further proceedings.”
It is difficult to imagine how Hensala will be able to develop an adequate
record to succeed on his equal protection and free speech arguments. It appears
he will have to demonstrate either that the Air Force (i) has declined to
enforce its recoupment policy against heterosexual service members who were
discharged from the military for violating the rule against same-sex sexual
conduct; or (ii) enforced the recoupment policy against celibate lesbian or gay
service members. Has the Court of Appeals merely given false hope to Hensala
and others in the same predicament? Will the case be decided on the facts at
all, or will the district court rule in Hensala’s favor in light of the Supreme
Court’s decision in _Lawrence_? The answers to these questions are sure to come
in the not too distant future.
Hensala was represented on appeal by Stephen L. Collier and Richard DeNatale,
Clyde J. Wadsworth, Christopher F. Stoll, Edward E. Schiffer, and Jo Ann
Hoenniger of Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe. The United States Air Force
was represented by Anthony J. Steinmeyer, E. Roy Hawkens and Cpt. Andrew
LeBlanc. _Ian Chesir-Teran<MD>
Anti-Gay Group Can Sue Over
Transit Ads
Three judges of the U.S. Court
of Appeals in Atlanta ruled on September 9 in _Focus on the Family v. Pinellas
Suncoast Transit Authority_, 2003 WL 22078076 (11th Cir.), that
Focus on the Family, a group that claims that “homosexuality” is a preventable
condition, can sue the Pinellas County, Florida, Suncoast Transit Authority
over a decision by a county contractor, Eller Media, Inc., against putting
Focus ads on the Authority’s bus-stop shelters early in 2000.  Eller, under contract with the Authority to
avoid any political or controversial advertising on the shelters, had refused
the ads on the grounds that they would be controversial and offensive to some
members of the public.  Focus claims its
First Amendment rights were violated.
The contract between the Transit
Authority and Eller forbids any advertising that involves a “political or
socially embarrassing subject,<!70> and specifically states:
“Advertisements of a political or editorial or election nature are
prohibited.”  In January 2000, a
representative from Focus on the Family contacted Eller to inquire about
placing advertisements on bus shelters to promote a conference that Focus would
be holding that spring in the Tampa-Clearwater area.  The conference was going to be titled Love Won Out, and the
posters would describe the conference as “addressing, understanding and
preventing homosexuality in youth,” with this text printed over a close-up
picture of a human face.
Focus claims that it faxed a
copy of the advertisement to an Eller representative, who approved it.  Eller sent Focus its standard form contract,
which a Focus staff member signed and returned to Eller.  Focus had bus shelter-size ad placards
printed up, but before they could be installed, the Eller employee contacted
Focus and said that the advertisements had been rejected because the Transit
Authority did not like the word homosexual appearing on the advertisement.  When the director of the conference
contacted another Eller representative, she was told that the TA rejected the
ad because it was too political. Further inquiry brought a denial from Eller
managers that the TA had been consulted, and an assertion that Eller rejected
the ad on its own.
The TA contends that the General
Manager of Eller’s Clearwater office rejected the ad because, quoting the
court, “the notion that homosexuality is preventable is highly controversial
and potentially offensive.”  In a
deposition, the Eller manager, Wayne Mock, testified that he was not basing his
decision on the contract with the TA, but rather on Eller’s own internal
policies, including policies spelled out in their form contract, which Focus
had signed.  Eller returned Focus’s payment
for the ad space, and returned the placards.
Focus first sued the TA in the
state court in Pinellas County under a state public records law, attempting to
compel disclosure of records concerning Eller’s management of the advertising
space on the TA’s bus shelters, but the state courts rejected the lawsuit,
finding that Eller was a private company so its internal records were not
subject to the public records law.  Then
Focus filed suit against the TA in the U.S. District Court, claiming that the
rejection of its advertisement violated the First Amendment.  Focus charged that any content-based
censorship of advertising based on its political stance violated Focus’s right
to freedom of speech, and sought an injunction to compel acceptance of  its advertising for the bus shelters.  It also wanted an injunction blocking the
enforcement of the agreement between Eller and the TA restricting the content
of bus-shelter advertising.
The federal trial judge granted
judgment to the defendants, finding that in this case the decision to reject
the ads was solely made by Eller, a private company, which was not subject to
the First Amendment, since that provision of the Constitution restricts only
government or state action.  The trial
judge also concluded that Focus did not have standing to challenge the
constitutionality of the contract between Eller and the TA, since it could not
establish that it had suffered any recognizable legal harm or would suffer such
harm in the future just by virtue of the existence of that contract.
In its September 9 ruling, the
federal court of appeals sharply disagreed with this analysis.
Writing for the court, Judge
Stanley Marcus found that the trial court “erred to the extent it concluded
that Focus had not suffered a concrete, particularized injury in fact.”  Judge Marcus observed that Focus spent money
to prepare the advertising placards, which it could not use, and was denied the
opportunity to publicize its conference, thus likely losing some of the
potential attendance.  Marcus also found
that the trial judge should not have concluded as a matter of law that the TA
had nothing to do with rejecting the ads, pointing out that according to Focus,
the first two Eller employees to whom it had spoken both said that the TA had
rejected the ads, and thus Focus had sufficiently alleged that there was some
connection between the TA and the decision to reject its ads, even though
Eller’s manager claimed to have made the decision without consulting the TA.
The trial court had also
premised the denial of injunction relief on the fact that the conference had
already occurred by the time the case came before the court for decision, so
there was no reason to issue an injunction affecting future conduct by Eller or
the TA.  But Judge Marcus explained that
Focus has alleged that it plans to hold future conferences in the area and will
be seeking to advertise again in the future, so prospective relief is also
relevant to its case.
Perhaps more significantly, the
appeals court rejected the trial judge’s conclusion that Focus had failed to
show that any governmental action was involved in turning down the ads.  Since the trial judge’s ruling came on a
motion for summary judgment before any trial had been held, the issue for the
court was whether there was a genuine controversy about whether the TA had been
involved in the decision.  If so, then a
trial would be needed to resolve the controversy.
In this case, the question was
whether Eller’s decisions about which ads to reject for the bus shelters could
be “imputed” to the state for purposes of determining that rejection of the ads
was a governmental action subject to the First Amendment’s protection for
freedom of speech.  Based on prior U.S.
Supreme Court decisions, Marcus found that it was possible that Focus could
prove at trial that the necessary connection between the TA and Eller could be
found to meet this requirement. “In short,” he wrote, “there is palpable
evidence that this is not a case where a private actor in a contractual
relationship with a governmental entity acted independently in harming a third
party, but rather that the state, acting through the private entity, caused the
third party’s harm.”  Explaining
further, Marcus asserted that when a contract obligates a private entity to take
certain actions by direction of the government, an argument can be made that
the private entity is acting as a surrogate for the government.  The issue to be determined at trial would be
whether Eller officials took the action they did in order to comply with the
TA’s policy of avoiding political or controversial or embarrassing messages on
the bus shelters.
Another argument the TA made was
that the lawsuit should be dismissed because Focus had not sued Eller.  The TA claimed Eller was an indispensable
party, because unless Eller is a party to the case, the court can’t order Eller
to accept the ads in the future.  TA
pointed out that its contract with Eller did not obligate Eller to accept ads
at the direction of the TA, so it was possible that an injunction that ordered
the TA to accept Focus’s ads would not be binding on Eller.
Judge Marcus agreed that it
would make sense for Eller to be in the case, but did not find that this was a
basis for dismissing the lawsuit.  Since
Eller’s office is located within the district, there is no barrier to joining
Eller as a co-defendant, and the trial judge could just order Focus to amend
its complaint to make Eller a co-defendant with the TA, as a condition of
allowing the case to continue.
The appeals court ordered that
the case be revived, and that the trial judge afford Focus an opportunity for a
decision on the merits of its claim that its First Amendment rights were
violated.
Since large public transit
authorities routinely contract the function of placing advertising on their
facilities to private media companies, this case concerns a recurring issue of
concern to gay organizations as well as anti-gay organizations.  The same principles that Focus is trying to
invoke could be relevant if an advertising contractor wanted to reject a gay
pride month advertisement.  As obnoxious
as Focus’s ads would be to many people, especially gay people, vindicating the
principle of content-neutrality in access to public forums is important for gay
groups seeking to bring our messages to the public.  A.S.L.
California Substantially Expands
Domestic Partner Rights
On September 19, California
Governor Gray Davis signed into law A.B. 205, a bill that significantly expands
the rights and responsibilities of domestic partners, bringing that status very
close to the Vermont Civil Union in terms of bestowing those rights that can be
given under state law to same-sex partners.
A 1999 measure, also supported by Davis, had already established a
domestic partnership registry system for same-sex couples in California, but
only provided a limited number of rights for same-sex partners, which had been
expanded in some subsequent enactments.
The new law, authored by Assemblymember Jackie Goldberg of Los Angeles,
significantly moves toward providing registered same-sex partners with almost
all of the same rights that married couples have under California law, the main
exception being that they will continue to be considered individuals for
purposes of the state tax laws.  It also
establishes that domestic partners will have the same potential liability for
the debts of their partners, and attendant support obligations, as are now
imposed on married couples.
The measure goes into effect on
January 1, 2005.  The long lead-time was
considered necessary to allow those couples who are already in registered
partnerships to decide whether they want to terminate them in light of the
additional responsibilities that will be attached to this status.  _San Francisco Chronicle_, _Los Angeles
Times_, _Associated Press_, Sept. 20.
While the Vermont law was
historic in being the first state law to create a status virtually equal to
marriage for same-sex partners, Vermont is one of the smallest states, with
only about 630,000 in population, much less than one percent of the nation’s
population.  California, by contrast, is
the largest state, whose 34.5 million residents make up 12 percent of the
nation, according to an op-ed article by E.J. Graff that appeared in the
_Boston Globe_ on Sept. 29, highlighting the massive social importance of what
California has done.  A handful of
couples with Vermont civil unions have presented issues to courts in other
states about recognition, with mixed results.
One imagines, given the sheer size of California and the number of
couples who already have reportedly registered their unions since that was
possible in 1999 (about 22,000, according to Graff, compared to 776 civil-union
couples thus far in Vermont), that we will soon see many cases around the
country of California domestic partners seeking recognition of their status for
a variety of purposes while traveling or after relocating to other states.  A.S.L.
Lesbian Co-Parent Denied
Visitation But May Pursue Adoption
An Illinois appellate court
rejected a lesbian mother’s theory that she had standing, either _in loco
parentis_ or as a _de facto_ parent, to seek visitation with the biological
children of her former domestic partner.
However, the court did vacate the dismissal, obtained ex parte by the
biological mother, of a co-parent adoption petition as violating procedural due
process. _In re Adoption of A.W., J.W., and M.R., Minors_, 2003 WL 22070543
(Ill.App. 2 Dist., Sept. 4).
R.H. and E.W. were cohabiting
domestic partners when, through donor insemination, E.W. conceived and bore
three children.  In 1999, they jointly
filed a verified petition for the related adoption of the minor children. In
2001, they amended the petition, stating that E.W.’s signature
showed her consent.  In 2002, E.W. refused her consent to
adoption by R.H., and obtained an ex parte order dismissing the adoption
petition.  Some months later, R.H.
petitioned, seeking to reinstate the adoption petition, and to obtain
visitation and a mediation referral.
R.H. averred that, at the time
each child was born, she and E.W. were co-parents and together had cared for
the children since each child’s birth.
R.H. alleged that she had no notice that E.W. had moved ex parte to
dismiss the adoption petition.  R.H.
further alleged that at the court appearance for presentation of the adoption
petition in 2001, she, E.W., and the children were taken into the trial court's
chambers, where the trial judge indicated verbally that the adoption was final.
R.H. stated her belief that the adoption was final at that time, until she was
told by E.W. in 2002 that it was not. There is no final order of adoption in
the record.
The trial court denied R.H.'s
petition to reinstate the adoption petition, finding that, since E.W. had the
absolute right to withdraw consent, no notice was necessary. The appellate
court, however, vacated the order dismissing the adoption petition, finding the
order void. The court
explained that procedural due
process requires that original parties to an action, who have not been
defaulted, be given notice of motions. Court rules require written notice and a
certificate of service.  E.W. had
unsuccessfully argued that notice to R.H. should be construed from E.W.'s
statement of intent to the lawyer who represented both women on the original
petition.
The appellate court affirmed the
trial court's denial of visitation and mediation referral. The court's review
of the question of R.H.'s standing to seek visitation turned on the
determination (reached in a 1999 lesbian co-parent adoption case, _In re
Visitation with C.B.L._, 309 Ill.App.3d 888) that the specific visitation
provisions of the Illinois Marriage and Dissolution of Marriage Act (the Act)
do not simply codify common law but are to be understood as the sole source of
standing for visitation. R.H. conceded that the Act does not specifically grant
her standing, and the court “decline[d] to go where the legislature has not
led.” _Mark Major_
Boston Court Allows Defamation
Claim to Continue Against Gay Weekly Paper
_Bay Windows_, a weekly Boston
newspaper aimed at the lesbian and gay community, will have to defend against a
claim that it defamed a local businessman, David Shephard, and Shephard’s
public relations firm, by publishing an article that the court believes could
be construed by readers to have suggested that Shephard and his company acted
improperly in handling payments intended for one of their clients, the Greater
Boston Business Council (GBBC). _Shephard v. Bay Windows, Inc._, 2003 WL
22225764 (Mass. Super. Ct., September 22, 2003).
Massachusetts Superior Court
Justice Judith Fabricant scrutinized a multitude of claims by Shephard focusing
on various statements appearing in a June 22, 2000, article published by _Bay
Windows_ concerning the resignation of GBBC’s president amidst allegations of
conflict of interest and possible financial mismanagement at GBBC.  While Fabricant granted summary judgment
against Shephard on most of his claims, she concluded that in this one
particular the newspaper may be liable for damages, depending on factual proof
at trial.
Shephard started his public
relations firm in 1996 and joined GBBC, a non-profit gay community chamber of
commerce, soon acquiring a contract to manage GBBC’s advertising sales.  Under the contract, Shephard’s company was
responsible for selling advertising for the organization’s newsletter and
dinner program book, and to round up sponsors for GBBC events. Justice
Fabricant noted that Shephard was “quite successful” in fulfilling this
contract, having generated about $100,000 annually in advertising and
sponsorship for GGBC, and earning substantial commissions on those sales.
There was a vacancy on the GBBC
board in 1997, and Shephard was proposed to fill it.  Concerned that this might present a conflict of interest, the
board sought an opinion from its legal counsel, who stated that there would not
be a conflict.  (The court’s opinion
does not go into this in any detail, but presumably counsel advised that
because Shephard’s business interests under his contract were well-known to all
the board members, such full disclosure obviated a legal conflict of interest,
as long as Shephard didn’t vote on any issues in which he or his firm had a
direct interest.)  The board voted to
appoint Shephard to the vacancy, and he has been re-elected regularly since
then, although the conflict issue was raised and discussed during the
re-election processes.
In 2000, the GBBC board elected
Lori Pilcher for a two-year term as president.
Pilcher worked as an audit manager for a federal agency, and she was
determined to make GBBC’s finances her particular focus, but claims to have
encountered difficulties in getting information from Shephard about his
activities for the organization.
Pilcher also raised again the conflict of interest issues concerning Shephard.   On May 11, 2000, Pilcher resigned as
president because she “felt uncomfortable about the financial situation,”
according to her deposition in the lawsuit.
She said that her continued difficulties in getting information from
Shephard played a significant part in this, although Shephard, in his
deposition, testified that he submitted information but that Pilcher had
objected to the format.
Although Pilcher and the GBBC
board agreed to keep the story of her resignation confidential until after the
organization’s annual awards dinner, the story leaked to _Bay Windows_, which
assigned reporter Beth Berlo to write an article.  Berlo interviewed many of the relevant people, including Shephard
and Pilcher, and her article was published on June 22.  Shephard claims the article defamed him in a
variety of ways, which all boiled down in their essence to communicating to
readers that Shephard had engaged in wrongdoing in his simultaneous positions
as board member and contractor of GBBC.
Shephard also claimed that the article invaded his privacy by publishing
the amount of money he was receiving from GBBC, and that the newspaper had been
negligent in publishing various inaccuracies.
Finding that Shephard and his
company are “public figures” for purposes of this litigation, Justice Fabricant
concluded that under Massachusetts law he would have to prove that the
newspaper acted with “actual malice” in order to hold it liable for the
defamatory effect, if any, of the article, meaning that he would have to show
that the newspaper published either with actual knowledge of the untruth of its
allegation or with reckless disregard as to their truth.
Justice Fabricant found that
some of the statements in the article that Shephard regarded as defamatory were
assertions of opinion or were not calculated to convey to readers any criticism
of Shephard, but rather of GBBC in its dealings with him, and thus could not be
the basis of damages.
But the judge found that one
paragraph, which can be read to accuse Shephard of “misappropriating funds” by
accepting checks made out to his business that should have been made out to
GBBC, could be the basis of a libel claim. “The statement, read in a natural
manner according to its plain terms, is susceptible of the meaning that Shephard
and his company received and kept funds intended for and rightfully belonging
to GBBC.  That construction draws
support from the overall tenor of the article, with its emphasis on alleged
financial improprieties.  As so
construed, the sentence would certainly tend to hold the plaintiffs up to
contempt and to impair their standing among a considerable and respectable
class of the community.”
But this is not yet a win for
Shephard, in light of the judge’s finding that he and his company are public
figures.  The issue remains whether the
statement was published with actual malice, and on this Justice Fabricant found
that neither party had yet provided sufficient evidence for a decision.   The article stated that the reports about
Shephard accepting the checks were “unconfirmed” and that “proof” was
lacking.  Berlo based these reports on
her interviews with the former president, Pilcher, and a former board member
who had leaked Pilcher’s resignation letter to the newspaper, having obtained a
copy from another board member.
Shephard testified in his
deposition that one advertising purchaser had mistakenly made a check out to
his firm, but that he had endorsed it over to GBBC and sent it to the
organization without cashing it, and he also testified that when reporter Berlo
asked him the identity of that purchaser, he had refused to identify the
purchaser to protect its confidentiality.
Berlo, by contrast, recalled that Shephard stated he did not remember
which client had sent the check, and reported it that way.
Thus, Shephard contests the
“unconfirmed” report, and alleges that the newspaper, through Berlo, knew that
he disputed it.  On the issue of actual
malice, however, the question is whether the newspaper printed the allegation
either with knowledge that it was false or with reckless disregard as to
whether it was false.  Justice Fabricant
found that the record at this point would not support a conclusion that the
newspaper knew the allegations were false, “but would permit, although not
compel, a jury to infer that the defendant entertained serious doubts as to the
truth of the statement.  That inference
would support a finding of malice.
Accordingly, the plaintiff is entitled to a trial on his claim of libel
with respect to this passage.”
Fabricant also found that if
Berlo had misreported that Shephard said he could not recall the identity of
the advertising purchaser in question, that would add to the defamatory
character of the allegations, so that statement in the article could also be
considered by a jury in determining the issues of malice and damages.
However, Fabricant rejected
Shephard’s claim that his right of privacy was violated when the newspaper
published the amount of his commissions.
Since the commissions were paid by the board of a non-profit membership
organization, upon approval of the board, “there can be no doubt that all
sixteen board members knew or had access to the information, and the members of
the organization may have had access as well.”
This could hardly be seen as “intimate and personal” information, as a
consequence, according to Fabricant, and thus could not provide the basis for a
claim of invasion of privacy.  Also,
since Shephard was found to be a public figure, he could not claim damages for
news reporting that was merely negligent, since the U.S. Supreme Court has
found that the First Amendment shields newspapers from liability for negligent
reporting, so long as defamatory statements are not published with actual
malice.
The press plays an important
role in casting light on the inner workings of community organizations that
raise money from the public, which helps to explain the high legal barriers
raised against liability for such reporting, even when it may be
erroneous.  However, newspapers are held
accountable if they go into print with damaging information when they have not
established an adequate basis for believing that the information is true.  As Justice Fabricant’s opinion makes clear,
it is not necessarily enough in such circumstances for the newspaper to
describe the damaging information as unconfirmed, if the editors have some
doubts about its accuracy.  This case
shows the tightrope that reporters and editors must walk on occasion in filling
this important watchdog role for the public.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Rejects Summary
Judgment Motion from INS in “Sham Marriage” Case
On September 19, U.S. District
Judge W. Royal Furgeson in San Antonio, Texas, rejected the government’s
attempt to throw out a lawsuit by an Israeli woman seeking permanent resident
status in the United States. _Correa v. Pasquarell_, 2003 WL 22231297 (W.D.
Tex.)  Dina Korb Correa’s petition had
been denied based on the Immigration Service’s conclusion that she had entered
into a sham marriage with a gay man in order to gain U.S. citizenship.
According to Furgeson’s opinion,
Dina married Raul Correa, an American citizen, on September 9, 1989, in San
Antonio.  On October 11, Raul filed a
petition with the Immigration Service (INS) seeking “immediate relative status”
for Dina, so that she could remain in the U.S. while her petition for permanent
residence status was determined.  On
April 18, 1991, without any notice or warning to the Correas, INS agents showed
up at their house at a time when Raul was not at home.  The agents poked around, looking in rooms
and closets, and then left without asking any questions.  On September 4, 1991, the INS sent Raul a
notice that it was planning to deny the petition.  The INS letter said that the “marriage possesses a negative
element of such extreme gravity that it tends, in and of itself, to demonstrate
that it is fraudulent.”
This “negative element” appears
to be that the INS had concluded that Raul and Dina were “homosexuals,”
according to Judge Furgeson, and that the marriage was solely to let Dina
become a permanent U.S. resident.  The
basis for this conclusion was that Raul and Dina were living with Dina’s
brother, Riki Korb, and a woman identified as Limor Levi Korb.  The INS agents found that there were two
bedrooms in the house, each with one bed.
In the rear bedroom, the closet contained only women’s clothes.  In the front bedroom, the closet contained
only men’s clothes.  The INS drew the
conclusion that the two men were using the front bedroom and the two women the
rear bedroom, and informed Raul that unless he could prove that the marriage
was genuine, the petition would be denied.
Within days, Raul submitted an
affidavit stating that he and his wife were sharing the apartment with Riki and
Riki’s wife.  He said that he and his
wife shared the rear bedroom, but that her clothes completely filled the
closet, so he kept his clothes in the closet in a third bedroom in the
house.  He also stated that Riki and his
wife Limor shared the front bedroom.  He
also said that as he and Riki wore the same sizes, they sometimes shared
clothes.  He didn’t mention where
Limor’s clothing was kept.  Raul stated
in this affidavit that he had been informed that the INS agent never looked in
the third bedroom or its closet, or in any dresser drawers.  Raul attached a copy of his 1990 federal tax
return to the affidavit.  It showed that
he had checked the status “married filing separately” for 1990.  He also attached copies of family pictures
taken at his wedding, and stated that Dina’s parents had not attended the
wedding because “as I understand it, they live in Israel and the government
furnishes them vacations every seven years.”
On January 22, 1992, the INS
rejected the immediate relative petition, releasing a  statement that repeated what had been said in its original
communication and insisting that Raul had provided “no evidence which can be
subjected to in-depth scrutiny for verification.”  Reacting to Raul’s statement about why Dina’s parents were not at
the wedding, the INS said that “such a statement about the practices of a
modern democracy clearly casts a cloud of suspicion over any statement made in
such an affidavit.”  The INS
characterized the observations of its agents as “clear” and insisted that “the
conclusions that flow from these observations are indisputable.”  The INS also insisted that the wedding
pictures proved nothing about the validity of the marriage, merely that a
ceremony had taken place.  The INS noted
that Raul’s affidavit gave no explanation about why he and Dina had not filed a
joint tax return.  Thus, the INS
concluded that there was “reasonable doubt” about whether the marriage was bona
fide.
Raul filed a notice of
appeal.  While it was pending, he died
on February 14, 1995, from complications of AIDS.  The INS had the appeal dismissed by the Board of Immigration
Appeals on the ground that Dina was no longer married to an American citizen,
but she quickly filed a new petition seeking permanent status as the widow of
an American citizen.  This was turned
down as well, and she filed the lawsuit, claiming that there had never been an
appropriate consideration of the status of her marriage.
Judge Furgeson found that Dina
had made some excellent criticisms of the way the INS functioned in her
case.  The regulations provide that when
the Service is planning to deny such a petition, it is supposed to inform the
petitioner of the grounds for denial, to offer the petitioner an opportunity to
rebut the information and present information on his behalf.  In addition, the Service is required to
announce its decision “in terms sufficient to enable a reviewing court to
perceive that it has heard and thought and not merely reacted.”  In this case, though, Furgeson found the
Service fell down in several particulars.
The initial notice sent to Raul
only mentioned the house inspection, and did not mention any other basis for
doubting the bona fides of the marriage.
Yet, in its final ruling, the service relied also on the tax filing
status, without having asked Raul for any explanation of it, and also appears
to have relied on hearsay and gossip that its agents picked up from neighbors
and acquaintances, none of which Raul was given any opportunity to rebut.  Furthermore, Furgeson criticized the INS for
assuming that because Raul may have misunderstood the Israeli government’s
policy on vacations as a reason for Dina’s parents not attending the wedding,
therefore the credibility of his entire affidavit was totally undermined.
Furgeson also criticized the use
to which the INS put the notes of its investigators. “Comparing the
investigator’s notes with the statements in the INS notice reveals no direct
evidence of where any of the parties actually slept,” he wrote. “Rather, this
conclusion seems to have been drawn on the basis of the location of ‘clothing
and personal items.’  It is unclear that
Mr. Correa was even present at the time of the inspection.  In his response to this notice, Mr. Correa
attempted to rebut the conclusions drawn on the basis of the
investigation.  Mr. Correa explained
that he and his brother-in-law bought the house jointly.  He stated that his wife’s clothes entirely
occupied the closet in his bedroom, and he kept his clothes in a separate
closet, which the investigator did not open.
He further stated that the investigator did not open any of the dresser
drawers and did not ask for any explanations from those present at the time of
the inspection.  Additionally, he stated
that he and his brother-in-law shared many articles of clothing because they
were the same size.”
Yet the INS did not directly
address any of this evidence in its statement denying the petition.  Rather, it stated that the evidence could
not “be subjected to in-depth scrutiny for verification.”  This struck the judge as odd, for he
commented, “It is unclear to the Court what evidence, apart from a sworn
statement about his courtship and marriage, Mr. Correa was expected to provide
to substantiate his pre-marital relationship.”
Furgeson also expressed
puzzlement about the INS relying, on one hand, on “vast sources of hearsay,
anecdotal and circumstantial evidence” to conclude that this was a sham
marriage, but to hold Raul to some standard of verifiability regarding the
pictures from his  wedding.  Furgeson questioned the weight INS gave to
Raul’s having filed a separate tax return from Dina for which “no reason was
given,” when, Furgeson said, “it is unclear why any such reason was required,
let alone that Mr. Correa was made aware of this requirement.”
Furgeson concluded that “the
final INS determination raises a question as to the extent to which this
rebuttal evidence was properly considered and weighed by the INS in determining
the validity of Plaintiff’s marriage to Mr. Correa, as opposed to merely being
given nominal treatment after a conclusion had already been reached.”  Without taking a position on whether Dina
was likely to win her case, Furgeson concluded that questions of “material
fact” had been raised sufficient to require a trial. “The history of this case
suggests a succession of procedural rulings which reinforce and augment the
authority of the initial INS determination without affording Plaintiff an
adequate opportunity to challenge, and the Court to review, the validity of the
underlying findings.  Given the
significance of this determination in deciding Plaintiff’s ability to remain in
this country, the Court finds it prudent to avoid compounding this problem.”
This case raises interesting
questions about what constitutes a valid marriage for immigration
purposes.  Is it impossible to contemplate
that a gay man and a lesbian might want to get married for a variety of
reasons, not including sexual intimacy, and so long as no state law requires
that a man and woman be heterosexuals in order to marry, they are entitled to
do so?  Setting aside whether what the
INS investigators observed at the Correa house was such clear evidence that the
men and women were living separately at opposite ends of the house, would this
clearly be determinative of whether they had valid marriages?  (Evidently the status of Rikki and Limor was
not an issue in this case, because it was not mentioned in the INS ruling or
explored in the court’s opinion.)  Is a
sexual relationship a prerequisite for a marriage to be respected by the
federal government?
Interestingly, in some of the
earliest cases in which same-sex partners sought marriage licenses and claimed
that the law was discriminatory, some of the courts responded that there was no
discrimination on the basis of sex or sexual orientation because gay people
were free to marry persons of the opposite sex, and men and women were equally
prohibited from marrying persons of the same sex.  Well, maybe not according to the Immigration Service. . .  A.S.L.
Arkansas Appeals Court Upholds
Ten Year Prison Term for Gay Couple Who Had Sex With Teen Boy
A unanimous three-judge panel of
the Court of Appeals of Arkansas, Div. IV, affirmed ten-year prison sentences
for a gay male couple on charges that they sexually assaulted a 16-year-old
teenage boy who was spending the night with them. _Murphy v. State of
Arkansas_, 2003 WL 22094596 (Sept. 10, 2003).
The court had to confront as a matter of first impression the definition
of “temporary caretaker” contained in the sexual assault statute.
According to the opinion for the
court by Judge Larry D. Vaught, the defendants, Timmy Murphy and Lewis Ray, are
an openly-gay couple who were known to Mark and Sherrie Cater, parents of the
victim.  Murphy would tutor the victim
for his biology class.  Murphy and Ray
were visiting the Caters on the afternoon of December 7, 2001, the day before
the victim was scheduled to visit Murphy for a tutoring session.  The victim arrived home from school while
the men were there, and it was agreed that they would take him out for dinner
and Christmas shopping and he would sleep over their house.  At trial, “the Caters testified that they
informed appellants that they accepted their lifestyle but warned the
appellants not to ‘try anything’ with their son.  According to testimony, appellant Ray assured the Caters, ‘we’ll
keep ourselves to each other and leave your son alone.  He’s just there for the night to have a good
time with us.’”  But the son later
reported that the men had “engaged in deviate sexual activity with him,
including fondling, oral and anal sex, upon arriving at their home after dinner
and shopping.”
The prosecutor originally
charged both men with rape, but when it appeared that the conduct may have been
consensual, lowered the charges shortly before trial to sexual assault under a
relatively new statute.  (Arkansas’s
sodomy law was declared unconstitutional last year in _Jegley v. Picado_, 80
S.W.3d 332 (Ark. 2002), as applied to private consensual acts between
adults.)  Under the new statute, Ark.
Code Ann. Sec. 5-14-124(a), it is sexual assault in the first degree if the
victim is under 18 and, inter alia, the defendant is “a temporary caretaker, or
a person in a position of trust or authority over the victim,170> even
though the conduct be consensual.  The
prosecutor argued that Murphy and Ray were temporary caretakers when the victim
stayed at their house overnight with his parents’ permission.
The defendants argued that the
victim was a social guest and that they were not his caretakers, but the trial
court rejected this argument and was sustained on appeal.  Judge Vaught referred to some cases from
other jurisdictions where defendants were found to have violated similar
statutes when having sex with minor “social guests.”
Wrote Vaught: “The victim in the
instant case was a sixteen-year-old minor who lived with his parents.  There was testimony that he was somewhat
developmentally delayed compared to ‘normal’ children his age and that he did
not drive.  From our review of the
evidence, the victim in this case, besides being a year younger, was even more
dependent on adult care and supervision than the victim in [_People v.
Kaminski_, 615 N.E.2d 808 (Ill. App. 1993)] was.  It is undisputed that appellants specifically obtained permission
from the victim’s parents for him to leave with them for the express purposes
of going out for dinner and Christmas shopping, as well as to spend the night
at their home.  There is testimony that
the victim’s parents asked for, and received, assurances from the appellants
that they would look after the victim and not ‘try anything’ with him.  It is reasonable from the circumstances to
infer that the victim’s parents expected appellants to provide food,
transportation, safe lodging, and care for their son while he was with
them.  Also, similar to the circumstances
in _Kaminski_, appellants would not have had the opportunity to assault the
victim absent his parents’ entrusting him to their care.”
The court also rejected the
argument that the trial court improperly refused to allow a continuance in
order to give the defendants’ attorney more time to prepare in light of the
change in the statute under which the defendants were charged.  The change was made just eight days before
trial, and defendants argued that their attorney had been preparing to defend a
rape charge.  The new statute, with no
case law, necessitated an all-jurisdictions research task that had not been
anticipated.  But the appeals court held
that this was a matter within the discretion of the trial judge.  Although the court rejected the state’s argument
that the proof under the two different charges remained essentially the same,
it was satisfied that the trial court “could find that the appellants’ lawyers
had sufficient time to research the new issues and were less than diligent in
filing their motion for continuance.” A.S.L.
Connecticut Trial Court Finds
That California Legal Parent Can Pursue Custody Claim
Connecticut Judge Antonio C. Robaina ruled in _Davis v. Kania_,
2003 WL 22132724 (Superior Ct., Hartford, Aug. 29, 2003) (unpublished opinion),
that a gay man who was recognized in California as the legal parent of a child
born under a surrogacy arrangement, should be treated as a legal parent in
Connecticut for purposes of a custody dispute with the child’s biological
father.  The decision relied on a prior
unpublished Superior Court decision from New Haven that involved two
Connecticut men who had secured a court order to the hospital where their child
was born requiring that both men be listed on the birth certificate.
In the Hartford case, Robert
William Davis and David John Kania, who had been domestic partners for thirteen
years, were contending over custody and visitation for their son.  Judge Robaina described them in his opinion
as “two gentlemen who were involved in a homosexual relationship.”  They had made an agreement in 2000 with
Linda Kay Randall, a Los Angeles resident, to be the surrogate mother for their
child.  Each of the men donated sperm
and obtained ova for the attempted fertilization, but the child, named Cameron
Leo Davis-Kania,  was conceived using
David’s sperm.  A California trial court
issued a judgement of paternity on December 6, 2000, designating David as a
biological and legal parent and Robert as a legal parent of Cameron, with both
men identified as such on Cameron’s birth certificate.
In September 2002 they moved to
Connecticut and soon terminated their relationship.  Cameron was living mainly with David, and Robert had liberal
visitation rights.  David decided to
take Cameron to Greece for three months.
Robert filed an application on April 3, 2003, seeking an order
prohibiting David from taking Cameron out of the country.  Judge Robaina ordered that a hearing be held
on Robert’s application.  Then Robert
filed another application on April 20, seeking shared legal and physical
custody, as well as an order not to remove Cameron from Connecticut.
David and Robert made an
agreement, dated May 14, 2003, under which David was temporarily given sole
custody and Robert was given liberal visitation rights.  They also agreed that David would not take
Cameron out of the country until Judge Robaina ruled on a motion to dismiss
that David was to file, testing Robert’s legal right to seek custody in
Connecticut.  The August 29 decision is
Judge Robaina’s ruling on that motion.
Robaina found that the Superior
Court has jurisdiction over this dispute under the Uniform Child Custody
Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act, which authorizes a court to make custody
decisions concerning children who are residing in the state.  The more difficult question was whether
Robert, as a non-biological father who had been deemed a legal parent in
California, could rely on that California judicial determination to seek
custody in Connecticut.  David was arguing
that a Connecticut court was not bound to honor the California decree, because
it would violate public policy in Connecticut.
Judge Robaina found that _Vogel
v. Kirkbride_, Docket No. FA 02 0471850 (Dec. 18, 2002), the prior unpublished
New Haven trial court order, was relevant here.  In that case, which involved a similar surrogacy arrangement, the
court ordered the hospital to name both men on the child’s birth certificate as
legal parents.  The New Haven court
found that “the egg donor agreement and gestational carrier agreement were valid,
enforceable and irrevocable under the laws of the state of Connecticut.”  Judge Robaina also relied on a prior
Connecticut Supreme Court decision, _Adamsen v. Adamsen_, 151 Conn. 172, 195
A.2d 418 (19630, stating that a plaintiff could enforce in Connecticut rights
that he had by virtue of the laws of other states so long as no Connecticut
public policy was violated.  In this
case, Robaina found, both Robert and David “were parties to the California
action and the judgment does not contravene Connecticut policy or violate its
laws,” so Robert “can enforce his  legal
right” as a parent in the Connecticut court.
Judge Robaina also found an
alternative ground for allowing Robert to sue for custody: equitable
estoppel.  Under this theory, Robaina
explained, a party is bound by his past actions when those actions are
“intended or calculated to induce another party to believe in the existence of
certain facts and to act upon that belief” and the other party changes his
position in reliance on that.  In this case,
Robaina found that through his actions and words David had led Robert to
believe that he was a legal parent to Cameron, and Robert had certain acted
upon that belief.   Under equitable
estoppel, David would be prohibited from taking the position in this case that
Robert was not a legal parent of Cameron.
Thus, Judge Robaina refused to
dismiss the case, and Robert will be allowed to pursue his parental rights in
the court proceeding. A.S.L.
Divided 11th Circuit
Panel Finds Qualified Immunity Protects College Administrators on Same-Sex
Harassment Charge
A three-judge panel of the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit ruled on September 15 in
_Snider v. Jefferson State Community College_, 2003 WL 22119938, that until the
court had recently ruled that same-sex sexual harassment is actionable under
the Equal Protection Clause against a public employer, officials of the college
were not on sufficient notice to charge them with individual responsibility to
redress such harassment by a supervisory employee of the college.
The plaintiffs, four male
security guards employed by Jefferson State Community College in Alabama,
alleged that between 1983 and 1998 they and other male employees were subjected
to sexual harassment by their supervisor, William Shelnutt, who was Chief of
Security at the college.  They claimed
that the defendants, the president and the dean of business operations at the
college, either knew or should have known about Shelnutt’s misconduct, had to a
duty to prevent it, and failed to stop it, in violation of the plaintiffs’
constitutional rights under the 5th and 14th
Amendments.  The defendants raised a
claim of qualified immunity, arguing that at the time it was not established
that such harassment is actionable as a constitutional claim.
Writing for a majority of the
panel, Circuit Judge Edmondson noted that in 1997 the 11th Circuit
had ruled that same-sex harassment was actionable under Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, and the U.S. Supreme Court issued a similar ruling in 1998.  However, Edmondson asserted, this was not
tantamount to a ruling that same-sex harassment was also constitutionally
actionable. “Title VII originally was created to reach conduct that the
Constitution did _not_ reach; and the statute and Constitution are not always
concurrent.” Edmondson took the view that until there was a precedent stating
that such conduct violated the Constitution, there was not fair warning to
public employers that they could be sued on such a constitutional claim.
Dissenting in part, Circuit
Judge Barkett agreed that until the 11th Circuit ruled in 1997 that
same-sex harassment was actionable under Title VII, public officials in Alabama
could profess ignorance that they had any duty to prevent or redress same-sex
harassment in their workplace.  But she
disagreed with the majority that the 1997 ruling did not put the officials on
notice that they were now vulnerable to liability on such a claim.  She pointed out that Title VII and 14th
Amendment liability for intentional acts of discrimination is coextensive, and
that it was well-established in the 11th Circuit by 1979 that sexual
harassment, as such, violated the Equal Protection Clause in a public sector
workplace. “Accordingly,” wrote Judge Barkett, “such parallel claims may be
analyzed together, with no distinctions being drawn between the two.”   Thus, to the extent the plaintiffs’ claims
were based on conduct that occurred after May 22, 1997, the date of the court’s
prior decision, they should not be barred by qualified immunity from being
asserted against the college officials.
A.S.L.
Georgia Supreme Court Affirms
Exclusion of Evidence About Victim’s Sexuality in Murder Case
The Georgia Supreme Court
unanimously affirmed Eddie Smart’s conviction for the brutal murder of James
Henry Williams, Jr., a gay man.  In
_Smart v. The State_, 2003 WL 22169774 (Sept. 22), the court rejected Smart’s
attempt to get his conviction (and two consecutive life sentences) reversed
based on the trial judge’s refusal to let him introduce evidence of Mr.
Williams’ sexuality and past sexual conduct.
The murder occurred on December
4, 1999, in DeKalb County.  According to
Chief Justice Norman S. Fletcher’s opinion for the Supreme Court, Smart told
the police and testified at the trial that he had entered Williams’ apartment
to use the telephone and then killed Williams in self-defense when Williams
made unwanted sexual advances towards him.
Forensic evidence showed that Williams sustained forty stab wounds and
there were blood stains throughout the apartment.  At trial, the prosecution presented evidence that Williams’
briefcase was found disordered, and contained multiple empty bank deposit
bags.  The prosecution also showed that
Williams was known to carry money in his briefcase, and that Smart had told an
acquaintance that he killed Williams while robbing him.  The jury convicted Smart of malice murder,
felony murder, and armed robbery.
Appealing his conviction, Smart
complained that he had not been allowed to present evidence that would support
his self-defense claim.  Smart wanted to
show that Williams had been convicted of public indecency in 1994 for “enticing
a young boy to his door and masturbating in front of the child.”  He also wanted to present a former lover of
Williams, Ricco Reeves, to testify about their homosexual relationship.  Smart argued that both of these items of
evidence would tend to corroborate his story that he was fighting off a sexual
advance when he stabbed Williams to death.
“The trial court did not err,”
wrote Fletcher, “by refusing to allow Smart to dwell on irrelevant matters
related to Williams’ past sexual relationships.  Smart’s efforts to present entirely irrelevant evidence
throughout the trial about Williams’ homosexual relationships were merely
attempts to attack Williams’ character, and it was not error for the trial
court to exclude such evidence.”
Rejecting the attempt to bring Williams’ past conviction for public
indecency to the attention of the jury, Fletcher noted that this conduct “does
not qualify as a prior act of violence because there is no evidence that the
crime caused any physical harm,” and there was no connection between Williams’
behavior on that occasion and the issues in Smart’s trial. “Evidence intended
solely to impugn the character of a victim of a crime is inadmissible,”
Fletcher asserted.
Similarly, the court found no
error from the lack of testimony by Reeves, Williams’ alleged former lover,
since there was no indication that this evidence would be relevant to the
question whether Williams’ made unwanted sexual advances to Smart on December
4, 1999.  The court also found, quite
logically, that Smart had not receive ineffective assistance of counsel by
virtue of his lawyer’s failure to locate Reeves, since Reeves’ testimony, at
least as described by the lawyer during a sidebar with the court, would not
have been admissible.
The kind of defense Smart was
presenting would have been routinely accepted by courts not so many years ago,
but most courts have come to reject “homosexual panic” defenses by murderers
and now generally reject the assertion that evidence that somebody was gay
would support the conclusion that they would necessarily make aggressive,
unwanted physical advances of sufficiently threatening character to warrant the
kind of extreme response represented by forty stab wounds.  Indeed, these days the state typically
presents expert testimony that such brutal attacks are typical of homophobic
gay-bashing, although in this case it appears that robbery was an important
part of the murderer’s motivation for the crime.  A.S.L.
New York Trial Judge Strikes
Down Revised Adult Zoning Law
In _Ten’s Cabaret, Inc. f/k/a
Stringfellow’s of New York, Ltd. v. City of New York_, NYLJ, 9/16/2003, p. 18,
col. 1 (N.Y. Supr. Ct., N.Y. Cty., Sept. 9, 2003), Justice Louis York struck
down a New York City ordinance which would bar an “adult establishment” from
operating within 500 feet of a bookstore or school.  An “adult establishment<!70> was defined as an adult
theater, adult eating or drinking establishment, adult bookstore, or any
combination of these.
This ordinance was passed as
part of an ongoing initiative of the Giuliani administration to rid the city of
such businesses, dating back to 1993. (Long-time readers of _Law Notes_ have
read numerous cases on this topic. This writer has written about several such
cases over the years.) The city has met with very limited success in these
attempts, mostly because the ordinances enacted went much further than was
constitutionally permitted to regulate businesses of this nature, raising
serious First Amendment concerns.
As summarized by Justice York, New York City did not regulate adult businesses
in any special manner at all until 1993, when a study was undertaken to see
what “secondary effects” such unregulated businesses had on surrounding
communities. The study found that such businesses depressed the real estate
values of the surrounding areas, created an esthetically unpleasant environment
because of the unpleasant signage used, and raised concerns about exposing
minors to sexually explicit imagery. Judge York stated that, as a result, the
1993 study “purported” to link adult businesses to various secondary effects,
including nearby crime and lower property values.
The city responded by passing an ordinance that restricted permissible location
of adult businesses. The test of whether a business fell withing the scope of
the ordinance was whether a “substantial portion” of floor space was devoted to
“adult” materials or activities.
Responding to arguments that “substantial portion” was vague, the city
adopted a 60/40 rule: a business would be deemed a nuisance and shut down if
more than 40% of the premises, measured by floor space, was devoted to adult
materials or uses.  As amplified, this
measure was upheld, and some businesses closed down.  Many survived, however, by apportioning floor space and
diversifying inventory such that floor space and inventory devoted to adult
uses fell under the 40% threshold.
The city responded by challenging compliance with the 60/40 rule as being a
sham in many instances, because businesses derived substantially more than 40%
of their revenue from adult material, notwithstanding literal compliance with
the 60/40 floor space allocation. The New York Court of Appeals rejected this
argument in 1999, as the ordinance in question looked to floor space and
inventory, not profitability. The City amended the zoning ordinance yet again
in 2001, removing all reference to whether a “substantial” portion of the
business was related to adult activities, barring all such business that sold
adult materials or presented any adult activities from operating within 500
feet of a church or school.
The businesses responded with the instant action, seeking to enjoin enforcement
of the ordinance as currently formulated, obtained a temporary restraining
order against enforcement of the ordinance, and filed a motion for preliminary
injunction which is determined in this decision. The City responded with a
motion for summary judgment.
Justice York summarized national and New York state law concerning restrictions
on adult businesses: time, place and manner restrictions reasonably related to
legitimate concerns unrelated to the content of the speech presented by the
adult businesses are acceptable. Regulations that attempt to restrict business
operations on grounds relating to content of the message would not be
acceptable.
York granted summary judgment to the plaintiffs and struck down the ordinance,
ruling that the city failed to make the required showing that the businesses
caused adverse effects on the surrounding community. The city did not make a
new study to determine whether businesses complying with the 60/40 rule had any
adverse impact on the surrounding communities, or where there is a need for
further regulation. The city argued that the showing was made sufficiently in
its 1993 study. The judge noted that this study was made before the 60/40 rule
was enacted, and there was no showing that businesses complying with this rule
had the same adverse effects on the surrounding communities as the unregulated
businesses that were studied in 1993. The only relevant study on the record was
by plaintiffs, which showed no such adverse impact on the surrounding
communities.
Given the zeal with which the City of New York has been pursuing the matter, it
is doubtful that we have heard the last of this saga. _Steve Kolodny_
Federal Court Rejects Prison
Warden’s Immunity Claim on Speech Suppression Charge
U.S. District Judge Tunheim (D.
Minn.) denied a motion to dismiss by Connie Roerhrich, a Minnesota prison
warden who is an individual defendant in a constitutional case brought by
prison employees who were disciplined for their conduct during a mandatory
training session titled “Gays and Lesbians in the Workplace.” _Altman v.
Minnesota Dept. of Corrections_, 2003 WL 22076606 (Aug. 24, 2003).  A jury had returned a verdict against the
warden individually for violating her employee’s constitutionally protected
rights to freedom of speech and equal protection under the law.  Judge Tunheim’s holding highlights the
balancing analysis applicable to such claims of immunity.
The plaintiffs were opposed to
attending the mandatory session due to their religious convictions.  In protest, they brought Bibles and read
passages aloud during the session’s activities.  The session leaders reported seeing other participants watching
the plaintiffs instead of the class and sometimes even becoming distracted
themselves.  The plaintiffs were
disciplined via written reprimand and denial of promotions for which they were
otherwise eligible.
Roerhich claimed qualified
immunity.  Government officials are
immune from personal liability for civil damages if their conduct does not
violate clearly established statutory or constitutional rights of which a
reasonable person would have known, according to the verbal formulation
employed by the courts.  In an analysis
of the warden’s ability to claim such immunity, the court used a two-prong test
enunciated in _Washington v. Normandy Fire Protection District_, 272 F.3d 522,
526 (8th Cir.2001).  The first prong
requires a determination of whether a constitutional right has actually been
violated.  This question turns first to
whether the conduct can be "fairly characterized as constituting speech on
a matter of public concern." _Connick v. Myers_, 461 U.S. 138, 146
(1983).   The defendant argued that
internal prison policy was not a matter of public concern.  However, the court cited other 8th circuit
language holding exactly the contrary.
The way prisons deal with gays and lesbians is clearly a matter of
public concern.  The question of whether
such speech is a matter of public concern was considered to be  well settled in _Altman v. Minnesota Dept.
of Corrections_, 251 F.3d 1199, 1202 (8th Cir.2001), a prior ruling in this
case.
With the first prong of the test
realized, Judge Tunheim analyzed the facts under the second required element, a
balancing process derived from _Pickering v. Board of Education_, 391 U.S. 563
(1968).  This process weighs the
employee’s right to comment on matters of public concern against the state's
interest, as an employer, “in promoting the efficiency of the public services
it performs through its employees.”  The
court need only apply the Pickering Balancing Test if the defendant has first
met the burden of proving sufficient evidence that the speech “created a
disruption in the workplace.”
According to Judge Tunheim, the
conclusory allegations of disruption were not enough to trigger the Pickering balancing
test in this case.   The evidence of
disruption during the training session did not rise to the requisite level of
“disharmony in the workplace, impeded plaintiffs' ability to perform their
duties, or impaired working relationships with other employees.”   Thus, the warden’s immunity claim was
dismissed. _Joshua Feldman_
Challenge Filed Against Solomon
Amendment
A group of law schools
associated in the Forum for Academic and Institutional Rights (FAIR), the
Society of American Law Teachers (SALT), two law student groups (from Boston
College and Rutgers University) and some individual students, joined together
to file suit on Sept. 19 against the U.S. Department of Defense, seeking an
injunction against enforcement of the Solomon Amendment, a provision of U.S.
law that was enacted to coerce institutions of higher education into allowing
military recruiters on their campuses by authorizing withholding or
cancellation of federal financial assistance to any institution that excludes
such recruiters.
The Solomon Amendment was
originally enacted in 1995 after a New York court ruled that military
recruiters must be excluded from the placement office at the State University
of New York’s law school in Buffalo, by virtue of an executive order banning
sexual orientation discrimination in state agencies that had been issued a
decade earlier by Governor Mario Cuomo. See _Doe v. Rosa_, 606 N.Y.S.2d 522
(N.Y.Sup.Ct., N.Y.Co., 1993).
SUNY-Buffalo is in the legislative district that was then represented by
U.S. Rep. Gerald Solomon, a Republican (since retired), who sponsored the
amendment to a Defense Department appropriations bill.  The original version of the Solomon
Amendment only applied to Defense Department funds, and was construed by the
Defense Department to apply only to the unit of a university that actually
barred military recruiters.  At the
time, many law schools had already adopted placement office policies banning
employers that discriminate based on sexual orientation, some in response to a
by-laws requirement of the Association of American Law Schools that had been
added in 1990, but some others voluntarily adopting such policies beginning in
the late 1970s.  Since few law schools
receive Defense Department funds, the original version of the Solomon Amendment
turned out to have little impact on law schools, although it hastened the
change of placement office practices at many research universities that had
significant Defense contracts.
Reacting to the failure of his
amendment to achieve military access at law schools, Rep. Solomon introduced a
broader version during the following legislative cycle, this time extending the
ban to money appropriated for a wide range of government agencies that do
business with American higher education, not just the Defense Department.  This threatened the law schools directly,
since most benefit from funds appropriated for the U.S. Department of Education
to provide financial assistance to students through work study programs,
guaranteed loans and fellowships.  U.S. Representatives
Frank and Campbell then teamed up to add a provision shielding any money
intended for student financial assistance from the operation of the Solomon
Amendment.  When the Defense Department
realized that the Frank-Campbell Amendment had effectively countered Solomon’s
latest version, it revised its interpretation of the regulations so as to
attribute the exclusion of military recruiters to the entire university, not
just the law school.  As a result, during
the fall of 2002, the military was able to get access to almost every law
school where it wanted to recruit, since university administrators proved
unwilling to sacrifice federal funds that made up a substantial part of their
budgets in order to let their law schools continue to stand on principle in
operating their career services offices.
The legal theory underlying
_FAIR v. Department of Defense_, which was filed in the U.S. District Court in
New Jersey and assigned to Judge John C. Lifland, is that the Solomon Amendment
places an unconstitutional condition on the receipt of federal higher education
funds, in violation of academic freedom protected by the 1st
Amendment.   FAIR was formed as a
vehicle to bring suit without placing any individual law school on the line,
and FAIR did not release the names of participating law schools at the time the
suit was filed, although their identity was likely to become known during the
course of litigation.  The lead counsel
in the case is Professor Kent Greenfield of Boston College Law School, although
the _Boston Globe_ reported on Sept. 20 that B.C. is not itself a member of
FAIR.   The _Globe_ also reported that
the other local law schools it had contacted had all stated that they were not
involved in the suit.  Harvard Law
School’s Dean, Elena Kagan, issued a statement in response to the _Globe_’s
inquiry: “Harvard Law School is not a member of this organization, but I share
its commitment to nondiscrimination.  I
look forward to the day when all Americans - regardless of sexual orientation -
can serve their country with honor and distinction.”
The lawsuit names as defendants
the cabinet secretaries heading all the agencies whose appropriations are
encumbered by the Solomon Amendment, and seeks immediate temporary relief to
prevent Solomon from being used during the balance of this fall’s recruitment
season.  Responding to this request,
Judge Lifland held an immediate hearing and gave the government one week to
respond to the request for temporary relief.
A spokesperson for the U.S.
Attorney’s Office in Newark told the _New York Times_ (Sept. 20), “We will
contend that the Solomon Amendment is constitutional and will seek to prohibit
any limitation on its enforcement.” Constitutional law authority Prof. Laurence
Tribe of Harvard told the _Globe_, “I think it’s a serious and very weighty
lawsuit,” and he claimed that the Supreme Court has ruled in the past that
although the government can withhold funds from an activity it disapproves, it
can’t deny funding to an entire organization on that basis. “This law is an
attempt to take the principle that he who pays the piper calls the tune much
further than the courts have generally allowed,” said Tribe to the
_Globe_.  A.S.L.
Civil Litigation Notes
_U.S. Court of Appeals - 9th
Circuit_ – A unanimous panel rejected a challenge to an order of the Board of
Immigration Appeals, denying a gay Mexican man’s application for asylum and
withholding of removal. _Contreras v. Ashcroft_, 2003 WL 22176710 (U.S.Ct.App.,
9th Cir., Sept. 8, 2003) (not selected for publication).  Contreras claimed that he was persecuted on
account of his sexual orientation in Mexico.
He testified that police officers called him “immoral” and extorted
money from him, thieves robbed him using homophobic epithets, and a group of
men beat him, calling him a “faggot.” The court found that this evidence did
not meet the threshold requirements under U.S. immigration law for proving
persecution.  The per curiam opinion
states that “the harm suffered by Romero Contreras, although unfortunate, does not
rise to the level of persecution,” asserting that there is a legally relevant
distinction between harassment or discrimination and persecution.
_U.S. District Ct. -
Pennsylvania_ - In _Bair v. Shippensburg University_, 2003 WL 22075681 (Sept.
4), District Judge John E. Jones III (M.D. Pa.) Ruled that the student code of
conduct at Shippensburg University violates the 1st Amendment rights
of students to exercise their freedom of speech.  The code specifically condemned “acts of intolerance” including
speech directed at others “for ethnic, racial, gender, sexual orientation,
physical, lifestyle, religious, age, and/or political characteristics.” Judge
Jones found that, on its face, the code prohibited speech that is protected by
the 1st Amendment, pointing out that read literally it could ban
communications precisely because of their effectiveness in arousing a
passionate response from the listener, and that the prohibition was too
expansive to survive constitutional scrutiny.
_U.S. District Ct. - Pennsylvania_
- A settlement has been reached in the long-running case of _Sterling v.
Borough of Minersville_, 232 F.3d 190 (3rd Cir. 2000).  The case arose when the son of plaintiff
Madonna Sterling, 17-year-old Marcus Wayman, committed suicide after a local police
officer threatened to tell his grandfather that he was gay and was apprehended
in a parked car with one of his high school football teammates late at
night.  The 3rd Circuit had
ruled that the town could be held liable for a violation of Wayman’s civil
rights.  A jury ruled against Wayman,
but the judge had set aside the verdict as inconsistent with the evidence.  The ACLU Lesbian and Gay Rights Project,
representing Sterling, negotiated a $100,000 settlement.  For purposes of establishing legal rights,
the 3rd Circuit’s published decision is the key result of the case,
establishing the constitutional right of teenagers to keep their sexual
orientation confidential.  (It is not
known whether Wayman was actually gay.
His plight has become the subject of an independent film, which was
recently screened in Minersville at a fundraiser for a human rights
organization.) _ACLU Press Release_, Sept. 12.
_U.S. Bankruptcy Court, W.D.
Washington_ – In _In re Russell L. Goodale,
Debtor_, 2003 WL 22173701 (U.S. Bankruptcy Ct., W.D. Wash., July 25,
2003), Bankruptcy Judge Karen A. Overstreet found that under the federal
Defense of Marriage Act, 1 U.S.C. sec. 7, a former same-sex partner of a debtor
could not be considered a “spouse” for purposes of the bankruptcy law, a
determination that was crucial in deciding that the debtor in this case can
avoid a lien of judgment against him by his former partner, which lien derived
from a state court’s finding that the two men had been in a “meretricious
relationship” which, under state law, gave the court authority to make an
equitable distribution of the property they had jointly acquired during their
18-year relationship.  The distribution
resulted in giving the former partner a lien against the debtor’s property,
which he sought to avoid in the bankruptcy proceeding he had filed.  The former partner sought to characterize
his claims as a spouse in order to prevent the debtor from avoiding the lien,
but the judge ruled this was not possible in light, inter alia, of the Defense
of Marriage Act.
_California_ - California State
Senator William “Pete” Knight (R-Palmdale), author of Proposition 22, which
bars the state from recognizing same-sex marriages, has joined forces with the
Alliance Defense Fund to sue the state to block A.B. 205 (see above) from going
into effect.  Knight argues that the
adoption of numerous policies extending legal recognition to same-sex partners
violates Prop. 22, which was passed with 60% of the vote.  Knight’s lawsuit seeks interim relief to
block the measure from going into effect.
This seems rather premature, since the legislation by its own terms
would not go into effect until 2005.
The legislative counsel to the legislature had opined that A.B. 205 was
not an amendment of Prop. 22, and thus did not require a new statewide
referendum vote to be enacted. _Los Angeles Times_, Sept. 23.
_Florida_ - Lambda Legal
announced the successful settlement of a housing discrimination claim it had
brought on behalf of Fred Sternbach and Stephen Miller, a gay couple whose
application to rent an apartment together at Royal Colonial Apartments in Boca
Raton had been rejected on the ground that the landlord rented only to “married
couples.” An applicable Palm Beach County law forbids housing discrimination on
the basis of sexual orientation or marital status.  The settlement was reached during a mediation session held on
September 29.  Royal Colonial has agreed
to pst notices that it abides by fair housing practices in its offices and
rental agreements, and will pay $25,000 each to Sternbach, Miller, and Lambda
Legal (as attorneys fees).  According to
Lambda staff attorney Greg Nevins and cooperating attorney Agnes Hollingshead,
although the law has been in place more than a decade, few complaints have been
filed, most likely due to the reluctance of individuals to make a public case
out of their turn-downs by landlords.
According to a survey by the Kaiser Family Foundation, about a third of
lesbian, gay and bisexual people have suffered some form of housing discrimination.
_South Florida Sun-Sentinel_, Oct. 1.
_Georgia_ - Achieving an
important reversal of decision, Lambda Legal reported success in persuading a
Georgia judge to grant a legal name change to a pre-operative male to female
transgendered person, Vickee Gatliff.  A
judge had previously turned down the name-change application on public policy
grounds. _Lambda Press Release_, Sept. 11, 2003.
_Hawai’i_ - The Hawaii Supreme
Court will soon hear arguments in _Hawai’i Civil Rights Commission v. RGIS
Inventory Specialist_, Civ. No. 02-1-1703-07, an appeal by the state’s Civil
Rights Commission from a trial court ruling that Hawai’i’s law against
workplace sex discrimination does not prohibit discrimination against
transgender persons.  The Civil Rights
Commission had taken the position in this case that the sex discrimination law
should be broadly construed, in light of _Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore, Inc._,
523 U.S. 75 (1998) and _Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins_, 490 U.S. 228 (1989).  The trial court granted judgment to the
employer, finding that the framers of Hawai’i’s sex discrimination laws had not
intended them to cover transgender persons.
In an amicus brief filed on behalf of itself, Human Rights Campaign and
Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders, the National Center for Lesbian
Rights argues that the Commission had correctly concluded that these recent
Supreme Court rulings had superceded prior federal circuit decisions rejecting
Title VII sex discrimination claims from transgender plaintiffs.  In particular, the 9th and 1st
Circuits have ruled that transgender persons are protected under the sex
discrimination provisions of the Violence Against Women Act and the Federal
Fair Credit Act.  NCLR’s brief also
notes several state court cases from other jurisidictions that have adopted
expansive interpretations of their sex discrimination laws to encompass
transgender discrimination.
_Michigan – Ann Arbor_ – The
conservative Thomas More Law Center filed a lawsuit in the Washtenaw County
Circuit Court against the Ann Arbor Public School District on September 22,
claiming that the District’s policy of providing insurance benefits to same-sex
partners of district employees is a violation of the Michigan Defense of
Marriage Act.  The plaintiff asserts
that this is a test case to determine whether the Act is more than purely
symbolic, arguing that domestic partnership benefits policies constitute
“counterfeit marriages” in violation of the law.  According to a district spokesperson, about fifteen of the
district’s 3,000 employees have signed up for the benefits, which were first
offered during the 2001-2002 academic year.
The benefits are specified in a labor agreement between the district and
the Ann Arbor Education Association, and the president of the Association,
Linda Carter, indicated that the union, which represents about 1200 teachers,
who seek to join the lawsuit if necessary to protect their members’ benefits.
_Detroit Free Press_, Sept. 23.
_Wisconsin - Madison_ - The
Wisconsin Equal Rights Division has issued a probable cause finding against the
City of Madison on charges that Robin Williams, a city parking utility manager,
has discriminated against employees and discharged individual based on their
sexual orientation.  The finding came
after investigation of complaints by former employees Jeffrey Earle and Douglas
Sonntag, who were discharged by Williams in 2002.  Responding to an inquiry from the _Capital Times_ (Sept. 15), the
mayor’s office indicated that the city’s internal investigation under the prior
mayoral administration had rejected the claim of discrimination, but the new
mayor would look at the ERD findings anew before deciding how to proceed in the
case.  A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
_U.S. 2nd Circuit
Court of Appeals_ - In _United States v. Holston_, 343 F.3d 83 (Sept. 4), the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit ruled that recent Supreme
Court decisions limiting federal legislative authority on federalism grounds do
not undermine the constitutionality of the Protection of Children Against Sexual
Exploitation Act of 1977, 18 U.S.C. sec. 2251(a), as amended in 1998 to
authorize federal prosecution of child pornographers who use “materials that
have been mailed, shipped, or transported in interstate or foreign commerce.”
Defendant Eric Holston sought to argue that his child pornography activities
are purely local in nature and thus should be beyond federal legislative
concern.  (New York State law would also
forbid his activities, but the state’s penalties are significantly less than
those authorized under federal law.)
The decision upheld a ten-year sentence that had been imposed by U.S.
District Judge Richard Arcara (W.D.N.Y.).
Reviewing authority from other circuits, Judge Barrington D. Parker,
Jr., found that the weight of authority had found that the 1998 amendment was
sufficient to ground Congress’s power to reach this activity.  There was no question that Holston’s
photographic activities used materials that had moved in interstate commerce.
_U.S. District Ct. - C.D.Cal._ -
Robert Rosenkrantz, who has served 17 years in state prison for a murder he
committed the day after his high school graduation when the victim had “outed”
him to his father under circumstances generating severe emotional distress, is
turning to the federal courts in search of the parol release he has been denied
by Governor Gray Davis.  Rosenkrantz is
arguing that Davis’s use of his veto power over the decision of the parole
board is unconstitutional in Rosenkrantz’s case, because it is based on a 1988
ballot initiative that occurred three years after the date of the murder.  Rosenkrantz, who presented the parole board
with substantial evidence of rehabilitation and who has expressed deep remorse
for his acts, says that retroactive application to his case is constitutionally
defective.  At early stages in the
litigation some California judges had ruled that the governor had improperly
adopted a policy of never approving parole for convicted murderers, which the
government denied and which was found to be inaccurate by the appellate courts.
_Los Angeles Times_, Sept. 24.
_U.S. Military_ – A Marine Corps
court martial jury found Lance Cpl. Stephen Funk guilty of unauthorized absence
and sentenced him to six months in jail for refusing to respond to a call-up
for the Iraq war.  Funk, who says he is
gay, claims that he was singled out for prosecution because of his active
participation as a speaker at anti-war rallies.  He tried to make something out of his sexual orientation in the
court marital proceeding, but the military judge ruled that out of order,
evidently believing that it was irrelevant that Funk would have been subject to
discharge for saying he was gay had he reported for duty.  (During wartime periods, service commanders
have been known to put anti-gay discharges on hold in deference to their
staffing needs.) _Reuters_, Sept. 8.
_California_ – Los Angeles
Superior Court Judge Richard A. Stone passed sentence on three men who had
seriously assaulted gay actor Trev Broudy on Sept. 1, 2002, in an incident that
many in the community believed should have been prosecuted as a hate crime but
was not.  Stone sentenced Torwin
Sessions to 21 years in prison, Larry Walker to 13 years, and Vincent Dotson to
7 years, after all three had pleaded guilty to mayhem and conspiracy to commit
robbery.  Prosecutors dropped an assault
charge in exchange for the guilty pleas.
Bourdy, who remains seriously disabled as a result of the attack, faced
his assailants in court and said, “I refuse to be a victim, inspire of what you
did to me.” The district attorney, Steve Cooley, found that the attack was
motivated by an attempt to rob Broudy, not his sexual orientation, but this
struck community observers as odd, since Broudy had just hugged a male friend
on the street before being struck in the head with a baseball hat.  During the sentencing hearing, Broudy
insisted that he had been targeted because he is gay.  The attack left him in a coma for more than a week, and he
continues to be unable to read, see clearly or drive.  He also has memory problems, and has not been able to resume a
previously-lucrative career as a voice-over actor. _Los Angeles Times_, Sept.
27.
_California_ - Los Angeles
Superior Court Judge William F. Fahey passed sentence on two men who pled
guilty to hate-crime and attempted murder charges stemming from attacks with
baseball bats directed against gay men in Hollywood.  As part of a plea bargain, Fahey sentenced Selvin Campos to 10
years in state prison and Ever Wilfred Rivera to 14 years.  Fahey also ordered the defendants to pay the
medical expenses incurred by their victims.
Had the defendants been convicted in a trial, they would have faced
potential life sentences. _Los Angeles Times_, Sept. 11.
_California_ – Santa Barbara
Superior Court Judge Diana R. Hall was acquitted of one felony count on charges
of having assaulted her lesbian partner, but was convicted of driving under the
influence of alcohol and sentenced to three years probation, counseling and a
fine.  Had prosecutors not agreed to
drop associated felony charges, Hall would have been most likely disbarred and
removed from the bench. _Washington Blade_ Sept. 26.
_Iowa_ – In _State of Iowa v.
Bailey_, 2003 WL 22187152 (Sept. 24, 2003), the Court of Appeals of Iowa upheld
the murder, robbery and theft convictions of Bobby Ray Bailey, who claimed he
was acting in self-defense when he inflicted mortal wounds on an elderly man,
Alfred Comito, who Bailey claims promised to pay him $100 to let Comito perform
fellatio on Bailey.  According to
Bailey, Comito, who was 82 years old, very short and overweight, reneged on his
promise after performing the act, and then attacked Bailey with a hammer when
he refused to leave Comito’s house.
Judge Miller wrote for the court, “Bailey’s account attempts to paint a
picture of an old, rich, homosexual man whose refusal to pay the money he had
promised for a sex act caused a low-functioning, homeless man who suffers from
schizophrenia and hears voices to just ‘snap.’
On the other hand the State tries to portray a kindly, older, wealthy
man whose reward for trying to help out the less fortunate by giving them work
was to be robbed and savagely beaten for a hundred dollars by one of the very
people he was trying to help.” Bailey’s story was undermined by evidence that
after beating Comito to a pulp, he took the man’s car keys and drove away in
his black Cadillac limousine. The jury evidently did not believe his story.
_North Carolina_ – The
_Charlotte Observer_ reported on Sept. 25 that a Superior Court judge had
turned down a motion by convicted murderer Eddie Hartman to halt his execution
scheduled for Oct. 3, on the ground that the prosecutors used homophobic bias
to persuade the jury to vote for the death penalty.  While admitting that he shot his roommate, Herman Smith, in the head,
Hartman maintains that the prosecutor convinced the jury to impose the death
penalty by emphasizing Hartman’s homosexuality in closing arguments.  On Sept. 29, Hartman’s attorney filed a
request for a stay of execution with the State Supreme Court, but the court
denied the stay on Oct. 1.  Hartman’s
lawyer has appealed to the governor for clemency, seeking to convert the
sentence to life imprisonment.  National
gay rights organizations have participated in an advertising campaign in local
newspapers in support of Hartman’s case.
_Charlotte Observer_, Oct. 1 & 2. A.S.L.
State & Local Legislative
Notes
_Arizona - Tucson_ - The city
council approved final plans to establish a domestic partnership registry.  Couples can begin registered on Dec. 1,
2003.  The direct benefits of
registering are visitation rights for same-sex partners at hospitals within
city limits, and eligibility for any discounts that local businesses offer to
families.  Co-habiting same-sex or
opposite-sex couples over the age of 18 may register; they must sign a
statement that they are not blood relatives and are in an exclusive
relationship. _Arizona Daily Star_, Sept. 24.
_California_ - On Sept. 10,
Governor Gray Davis signed into law a measure to protect foster children from
discrimination by requiring parents to watching training presentations about
the state’s anti-discrimination law and imposing a non-discrimination
requirement upon them.  The grounds of
forbidden discrimination include race, ethnicity, religion and sexual orientation.  _San Jose Mercury News_, Sept. 10.
_New York - Baldwinsville_ - The
Baldwinsville Central School District is amending its code of conduct to add
“sexual orientation” to its anti-harassment policy.  On Sept. 8, a former local student, Allen Wolff, addressed a
school board meeting asking for the policy change and was referred to the
superintendent of schools, who agreed to make the change, which would be
effective at the beginning of the next school year. _Post
Standard/Herald-Journal_, Sept. 23.  The
power of a single voice...
_North Carolina – Durham_ Durham
County Commissioners voted unanimously on September 2 to offer health insurance
to same-sex partners of county employees, following on a decision last year by
the Durham City Council to extend such benefits to municipal employees.  Durham is the first N.C. county to offer
such benefits.  In addition to the city
of Durham, Chapel Hill and Carrboro provide such benefits to municipal
employees. _News & Observer_, Sept. 3. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
_Federal_ - Gay immigration
activists have sent a protest to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
in the Department of Homeland Security about a new immigration policy that
disadvantages transgendered persons.  In
the protest letter, dated September 9, the activists note that “several
petitions for immigrant visas (I-130s) and fiancé visas (k visas) have been
denied by district offices of the USCIS solely because one of the married or
engaged individuals is transsexual.” Evidently, prior to the turnover of
immigration enforcement to the new unit of the Homeland Security Department,
the old Immigration Service had taken a more tolerant approach towards the
issue of marriage by post-operative transsexuals, willing to accept marriages
as valid if they were valid where performed, even though some American states
have gone on record as rejecting such marriages.  According to the protest letter, the policy appears to stem from
a March 20, 2003, memorandum to district directors asserting that the Service
has no legal basis to recognize a marriage involving a transsexual person.  The activists maintain that this is a change
in policy that violates the plain language of the Immigration and Nationality
Act and settled legal precedents.  The
Act itself defines a “qualifying marriage” for immigration purposes as one that
is legal where enacted.  This takes on
more significance recently as many more countries, especially in Europe, are
coming around to the view that a transgender person who has undergone gender reassignment
should be treated as a member of his or her desired gender for all legal
purposes.  Even in England, where
decades-old court precedents staunchly rejected this view, the government has
now proposed a complete reform of the law regarding the status of transgender
persons.  It is the U.S. that lags
behind, to judge by relatively recent appellate decisions in Kansas and
Texas.  (A sterling exception is the
recent ruling by Maryland’s highest court, accepting the reality of transgender
experience.)  The change in U.S. policy
may be due to fears that terrorists from Muslim countries may disguise
themselves as members of the opposite sex to gain entry to the U.S.
And, speaking of immigration,
international headlines were generated on September 19 (see _New York Times_,
_Chicago Tribune_), when an overzealous U.S. Customs agent insisted that under
the Defense of Marriage Act he could not allow a legally-married same-sex
couple from Canada to enter the U.S. as a married couple.  As reported in the _Chicago Tribune_, Kevin
Bourassa and Joe Varnell, one of the couples whose case led to the same-sex
marriage victory in the Ontario Court of Appeals, “abandoned their trip to a
human rights conference in Georgia after a U.S. customs official at Toronto’s Pearson
International Airport refused to accept their joint customs declaration form,
saying the United States doesn’t recognize same-sex marriages.
_Illinois - Cook County_ - Cook
County’s Domestic Partnership Registry opened for business on October 1, and couples
lined up overnight outside the County Building.  John Pennycuff and Robert Castillo claimed the honor of the first
to register their partnership and receive a County Certificate.  During the first day, seventy-one couples
registered.  The Registry was authorized
by the county board in a July vote.
Although Gov. Rod Blagojevich spoke supportively about this step, he was
not willing to commit to seeking a statewide registry at this time. “I support
domestic partnerships between couples that are committed to one another so the
laws are applied equally when it comes to relationships, and a registry could
very well be something that would help do that,” said the governor to the
_Chicago Tribune_ (Oct. 2), “But we’ve not really thought through the implications
of that, so I’m not in a position to say right now whether that would be
something the state would do.” Cook County has offered domestic partnership
benefits to same-sex partners of county employees since 1999.
_New Jersey_ – With a motion for
summary judgment pending in _Lewis v. Harris_, the same-sex marriage lawsuit in
New Jersey Superior Court, on Sept. 29 the _Newark Star-Ledger_ published the
results of a statewide poll on same-sex marriage and domestic partnership that
was conducted by the newspaper in connection with Eagleton-Rutgers.  The poll
showed that 52 percent of New Jersey residents support civil unions for
same-sex partners, and about 60 percent think that same-sex couples should have
the same insurance and Social Security rights as married couples.  The poll showed 43 percent supporting
same-sex marriage, a plurality of those polled (a significant number expressed
no opinion), and among younger respondents the percentage got as high as 64
percent among those age 18 to 29.  (A
recent national poll by ABC News reported that only 37 percent of U.S.
residents favor same-sex marriage, and only 40 percent support civil
unions.)   Unlike other polls, this one
also asked a question about recognizing marriages from other jurisdictions,
finding that 53 percent of respondents thought that New Jersey should recognize
a same-sex marriage if it were performed in another state and the couple moved
to New Jersey – a moot point, perhaps, since no other state now authorizes
same-sex marriages.  Unfortunately, the
pollsters were not sharp enough to ask about whether New Jersey should
recognize Canadian same-sex marriages.
_New York_ – On September 22,
the New York State Democratic Party adopted a resolution at its convention in
Buffalo supporting civil marriage for same-sex couples.  State Party Chairman Herman “Denny” Farrell,
who also heads the New York County (Manhattan) Democratic Committee, told the
_New York Post_ (Sept. 23): “We want to make sure that these folks can have the
same treatment as everybody else.  This
does not impose our will on churches, mosques and synagogues.”
_Illinois_ - Tim McCanless and
Roy Bates, a gay couple living near Peoria, Illinois, went to Vermont in June
and had a civil union ceremony.  When
they returned home, Roy decided that now that he was married to Tim, he should
have the same last name, so he took the civil union certificate to the Roanoke
County Secretary of State’s Office and asked to have his surname changed to
McCanless.  The clerk said he also
needed to bring his social security card.
Roy and Tim came back to the office with Roy’s social security
card.  Then they were told that Roy
needed to show a new social security card reflecting his new name.  Roy went to the Peoria Social Security
Office and applied to have a new card issued as Roy McCanless; he was issued a
receipt for the application which he brought back to the Roanoke Secretary of
State’s Office, together with lots of other documentation showing that the old
Roy Bates was the new Roy McCanless.  The state has now issued Roy a new driver’s license as Roy
McCanless.  Although the Secretary of
State’s Office takes the position that a Vermont civil union has no status in Illinois,
Roy McCanless now has the same surname as his male life partner. _Peoria
Journal Star_, Sept. 25.
_New York - Arlington_ – The
_Poughkeepsie Journal_ (Sept. 17) reports that the Arlington School District
has concluded a collective bargaining agreement under which public school
teachers will be able to obtain health insurance coverage for domestic
partners.  The new benefit will take
effect July 1, 2004, the beginning of the new contract coinciding with the
district’s fiscal year.  Both same-sex and
opposite-sex partners will be eligible.
According to the _Journal_ article, qualifying couples will have to
prove a long-term financial commitment or living arrangement, such as joint
financial or child-rearing obligations.
_New York – Rochester_ – _The
Empty Closet_, a publication of the Gay Alliance of the Genesee Valley, reported
in its September 2003 issue that openly-gay Bill Pritchard has been designated
by fill a vacant seat on the Rochester City Council, and will stand for
election for the balance of an unexpired term through 2005 this fall, probably
running unopposed.  Pritchard has been
on the City Planning Commission for six years.
_Pennsylvania - Philadelphia_ -
According to a Sept. 23 report in the _Philadelphia Inquirer_, the mayor’s
office informed the Cradle of Liberty Boy Scout Council that the Scouts would
be denied continued free use of city property, a building at 22nd
and Winter Streets where the Council has its offices, because of the
organization’s policy of overt discrimination against gay people.  The board chair of the scout council
indicated that this would force them to move their offices to a suburban
location, since they could not afford city rents.  The executive director of the council told the newspaper that
moving from the city would destroy the scouting program.  Scout leaders said they would ask the city
for more time to try to work out differences, which focus on the Council’s
capitulation to the demand of the national office of the Boy Scouts of America
that they reaffirm their obedience to the national organization’s requirement
that gay men and boys be excluded from participation or membership.  A Philadelphia ordinance bans such
discrimination by places of public accommodation.  The Scouts have enjoyed the free use of city land to build their
headquarters at that location since 1928.
The city owns the property, which the Scouts occupy rent-free. * * * At
a meeting on Sept. 26 with city officials, Council representatives promised to
figure out a way to comply with the city’s non-discrimination policy, in order
to avoid being evicted from the city’s building. _Philadelphia Inquirer_, Sept.
28.  However, as the newspaper noted,
“The challenge now is for Cradle of Liberty to figure out a way to accommodate
two opposing policies – the city’s and the national Boy Scouts’.  David Lipson, the board chair of the scout
council, said that “we will be in compliance with the city ordinance.” How he
will pull that one off in the face of the recalcitrance of the national Scouts
organization is anybody’s guess.
_Utah_ - The _Salt Lake Tribune_
(Sept. 30) reports that domestic partners of University of Utah students and
staff can now obtain many of the same benefits afforded to married partners,
including medical insurance, but they must pay extra for the benefits.  The University sees this as an extension of
its policies of helping find jobs or other services for the domestic partners
of students and staff as the need arises.
Depending on the plan selected, the cost to cover a partner for medical
insurance runs from $178 to $515 per month.
_Washington, D.C._ – Lambda
Legal has announced that it is joining with the Child Welfare League of America
on a project to reform the foster care system in the U.S. to accommodate the
particular needs of sexual minority youth.
At present, many sexual minority youth (gay, lesbian, bisexual,
transgender, intersexual, or questioning their sexual identity) in foster care
are not accorded the kind of counseling and supportive services that would ease
their transition to a secure adult sexual identity.  The three-year project will seek to engage child welfare agencies
nationwide in a process of rethinking their approach to these issues, through
regional forums and training programs. _Lambda Press Release_, Sept. 18.
_Utah_ - The _Deseret News_
reported on Aug. 30 that the new rabbi of Congregation Kol Ami, the largest
Jewish congregation in the state, is out lesbian Rabbi Tracee Rosen.  Rosen was picked by the congregation’s
search committee based on their conclusion that she was the “best rabbi” whom
they considered.  The article reported
that 80% of the congregants voted in favor of her appointment, which she wryly
noted was a stronger mandate than almost any political leader gets.  A.S.L.
United Nations Human Rights
Committee Requires Equal Treatment of Different-Sex and Same-Sex Unmarried
Partners
At least 50
years elapsed before the first victory for same-sex partners under
international human rights law, on July 24 in the European Court of Human
Rights in _Karner v. Austria_ (Sept. 2003 LGLN).  The second success followed only 13 days later, on Aug. 6 in the
United Nations Human Rights Committee in _Young v. Australia_, Communication
No. 941/2000.  (The Committee's “views”
are available at http://www.unhchr.ch, Treaty Bodies Database Search, “Edward
Young.”  It is not clear whether the
Committee knew about Karner.)
Edward Young
had been in a 38-year relationship with his partner, Mr. C., a war
veteran.  After Mr. C.’s death, Mr.
Young applied for a veteran’s dependant pension under the federal Veteran’s
Entitlement Act (VEA), which defines “dependant” as including a “partner,” and
“<partner” as a person “living with a person of the opposite sex ... in a
marriage-like relationship.”  Because
the legislation states unambiguously that a veteran’s partner must be “of the
opposite sex,” and Australia’s Constitution does not contain a bill of rights
or an equal protection clause, his claim was rejected by three federal
agencies:  the Repatriation Commission,
the Veterans Review Board, and the Human Rights and Equal Opportunities Commission.  He then submitted his communication to the
UN’s Human Rights Committee under the Optional Protocol to the International
Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. (The US has ratified the Covenant but
not the Optional Protocol permitting individual complaints).  He argued that the denial of a pension
constituted sexual orientation discrimination contrary to Article 26 of the
Covenant: “All persons ... are entitled without discrimination to the equal
protection of the law. ... [T]he law shall ... guarantee ... protection against
discrimination on any ground such as race, colour, sex, language, religion,
political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other
status.”
Strangely,
the Australian Government chose not to assert any justification for the
difference in treatment between different-sex and same-sex unmarried
partners.  Instead, it raised three
technical objections to the claim:  (1)
because Mr. C.’s death was not “war-caused,” rendering Mr. Young ineligible for
a pension even if he had been a woman, either Mr. Young was not a “victim” of a
violation of a Covenant right, and therefore did not have standing to make his
Article 26 claim, or he had failed to show that the difference in treatment was
based on his sexual orientation;  (2)
because he could have appealed to the Administrative Appeals Tribunal, the
Federal Court, and ultimately the High Court (Australia’s highest), he had
failed to exhaust his domestic remedies; and (3) he had failed to provide
sufficient evidence that he was Mr. C.’s de facto partner (ie, that they were
living “in a marriage-like relationship”).
The Committee easily dismissed all three objections:  (1) whether or not Mr. C.’s death was
“war-caused,” the “domestic bodies seized of the case[] found the author’s
sexual orientation to be determinative of lack of entitlement”; (2) “domestic
remedies need not be exhausted if they objectively have no prospect of
success”; and (3) whether or not Mr. Young would have satisfied the other
criteria for being a partner, “the only reason provided by the domestic
authorities ... was ... that [Mr. Young] did not satisfy the condition of
‘living with a person of the opposite sex’ ... this is the only aspect of the
VEA at issue before the Committee.”
Turning to
the merits, “[t]he Committee recall[ed] its earlier jurisprudence [case law]
that the prohibition against discrimination under article 26 comprises also
discrimination based on sexual orientation ... [and] that differences in the
receipt of benefits between married couples and heterosexual unmarried couples
were reasonable and objective, as the couples in question had the choice to
marry with all the entailing consequences. ... [I]t is clear that [Mr. Young],
as a same sex partner, did not have the possibility of entering into marriage.
Neither was he recognized as a cohabiting partner of Mr. C, for the purpose of
receiving pension benefits, because of his sex or sexual orientation.  ... [N]ot every distinction amounts to
prohibited discrimination under the Covenant, as long as it is based on
reasonable and objective criteria. The [Australian Government] provides no
arguments on how this distinction between same-sex partners ... and unmarried
heterosexual partners ... is reasonable and objective, and no evidence which
would point to the existence of factors justifying such a distinction has been
advanced. In this context, the Committee finds that the [Australian Government]
has violated article 26 ... by denying [Mr. Young] a pension on the basis of
his sex or sexual orientation.”
It remains to
be seen whether the Australian Government will comply with the Committee’s
“views,” which, unlike a “judgment” of the European Court of Human Rights,
governments are not legally bound to implement.  Compliance would probably mean amending the VEA and dozens of
other federal statutes that provide benefits to unmarried different-sex
partners but not to same-sex partners.
Since 1999, hundreds of similar statutes have been amended by state or
territorial legislatures in New South Wales, Victoria, Western Australia,
Queensland, the Australian Capital Territory, and Tasmania (ie, all Australian
jurisdictions except the federal level, the state of South Australia, and the
Northern Territory).  Although the
Australian Government took less than nine months to comply with the Committee’s
conclusion in _Toonen v. Australia_ (1994), that Tasmania’s ban on male-male
sexual activity violated the Covenant’s express right of privacy (Article 17),
the Australian Government has yet to comply with a series of recent Committee
rulings against its policy of mandatory detention of asylum-seekers.
There is also
some uncertainty as to the precedential strength of _Young_.  In their concurring opinion, Committee
members Ruth Wedgwood (formerly a professor at Yale Law School) and Franco
DePasquale stated that “the posture of the instant case limits the reach of our
decision,” describ[ing] the Committee’s decision as a “default judgment” and
the case as “not ... contested.” “Many governments and many people of good will
share an interest in finding an appropriate moral and legal answer to the
issues and controversies of equalizing various government entitlements between
same-sex and heterosexual couples, including the disputed claim that there is a
trans-jurisdictional right to recognition of gay marriage. ... [T]he Committee
has not purported to canvas the full array of ‘reasonable and objective’
arguments that other states and other complainants may offer in the future on
these questions in the same or other contexts as those of Mr. Young. ... [T]he
Committee must continue to be mindful of the scope of what it has, and has not,
decided in each case.”  Although the
Committee did not have the opportunity to consider any justifications in
_Young_, in future cases it will be able to invoke the reasoning of the
European Court of Human Rights in _Karner_, which rejected the Austrian
Government’s “protection of the traditional family” justification. _Robert
Wintemute_
South African
Supreme Court of Appeal Upholds Wrongful Death Action for Surviving Gay Partner
Adopting what
it called an “incremental step” in common law development, the Supreme Court of
Appeal of South Africa ruled in _Du Plessis v. Road Accident Fund_, Case No.
443/2002 (Sept. 19, 2003), that the surviving gay life partner of a road
accident victim was entitled to apply to the Fund for compensation on the same
basis as a surviving legal spouse.  The
decision by Justice Tom Cloate may be the first non-U.S. decision to cite
_Lawrence v. Texas_, and is typical of South African decisions in drawing on
rulings and legal developments from many other jurisdictions, including
England, Canada, New Zealand, the U.S. and the European Union.
The case
arose from the death on September 1, 1999, of Albert Ernest Clack in an auto
accident.  Clack and the plaintiff,
Antonie Michael Du Plessis, had been cohabiting partners since March 1988.  In August 1988, they had a public commitment
ceremony with numerous witnesses performed by a state marriage officer (not acting
in his official capacity, of course).
They had made wills in favor of each other.  On September 1, 1994, Du Plessis was found to be medically
disabled and awarded a small disability pension, but he derived most of his
financial support from Clack, who was well-employed.  South Africa’s Road Accident Fund is to compensate individuals
for damages due to accidents, including compensation of surviving legal spouses
for loss of income.  Du Plessis applied
for some compensation, but was turned down on the ground that his partnership
with Clack was not legally recognized.
The trial judge sustained the denial of benefits on the ground that it
was up to the Parliament to determine whether same-sex partners should be accorded
spousal status.
The Supreme
Court of Appeal found, to the contrary, that allowing a surviving same-sex
partner in the position of Du Plessis to claim compensation would be but an
incremental change in the common law in a direction consistent with the South
African Constitution, which bans sexual orientation discrimination, and recent
South African case law, including Constitutional Court decisions authorizing
pension rights for the same-sex partner of a lesbian judge and requiring the
government to recognize committed same-sex partners for purposes of residency
rights under the immigration laws.  In
the course of his opinion for the court, Judge Cloate also refers to the recent
same-sex marriage decisions in Canada, and notes three U.S. courts that have
now found some sort of spousal rights for same-sex partners - the courts in
Hawaii, Alaska, and Vermont that have ruled on same-sex marriage claims.  The court also noted the authorization for
same-sex marriage in the Netherlands and Belgium, and the growing law
supporting legal recognition for same-sex unions in particular circumstances in
England, New Zealand, and the European Union.
The Fund
bases its qualifications for compensation on common law principles, providing
compensation under circumstances where an action for wrongful death would be
recognized.  Under English common law,
the wrongful death action was originally authorized only for a widow on the
loss of her husband.  Cloate traced how
South African courts have expanded that principle incrementally by allowing
husbands to sue for the wrongful death of a wife and in other particulars.  He found that the policy grounds normally
articulated for such a cause of action are that the deceased party had an
obligation to provide support to the surviving partner, and that the
relationship was one whose recognition was in the interest of society.  He found that both policies applied to this
case, observing that the public commitment ceremony supported an inference of
intent by the parties to be mutually bound for support, and that in this particular
case Cleck had been providing substantial support to Du Plessis for several
years since his disability adjudication.
Cloate also saw in the recent South African case law developments an
emerging judgment that same-sex partnerships are valued and supported under
South African law.
“To extend
the action for loss of support to partners in a same-sex permanent life
relationship similar in other respects to marriage,” he wrote, “who had a
contractual duty to support one another, would be an incremental step to ensure
that the common law accords with the dynamic and evolving fabric of our society
as reflected in the Constitution, recent legislation and judicial
pronouncements.”
The court
also found that Du Plessis was entitled to apply for any actual burial expenses
he had incurred on behalf of Cleck, and for attorneys fees for the two counsel
he had retained to handle the appeal, both of which had been opposed by the
Fund.  This was a unanimous decision by
the five-judge panel of the court, and as a common law decision, is not
susceptible of appeal to the Constitutional Court by the government.   A.S.L.
Tasmanian Law
Establishes Virtual Equality for Same-Sex Couples
The
Australian state of Tasmania has passed ground-breaking relationships law
reform legislation.   For the purposes
of state law the Tasmanian Relationships Act 2003 gives same-sex relationships
virtual equality with married couples. This equality extends to over 100 state
laws and includes everything from state superannuation through next-of-kin,
medical treatment and state taxes to statutory compensation schemes and license
transfer fees.   It also includes
step-parent adoption, but does not include general placement adoption or
presumption of parenthood for the same-sex partners of women who conceive
through fertilization procedures. It does not cover marriage because that
subject is reserved by the Australian Constitution to the federal government.
The Tasmanian
Relationships Act gives a broad range of rights and  responsibilities to a broader range of significant personal
relationships than other domestic partner legislation.  In other
Australian
jurisdictions (Western Australia, New South Wales,  Victoria and Queensland), same-sex relationship recognition has
been achieved largely by rendering the concept of de facto relationship gender
neutral.   At the heart of the Tasmanian
statute are two newly created concepts.
One is the “significant relationship” - a relationship between two adult
persons who have a relationship as a couple and who are not married to one
another or related by family. The other new concept (although a modified
version also exists in NSW) is the “caring relationship,” which may include two
older companions, a care-giver and the person they care for, people in ethnic
or aboriginal families whose kinship is not recognized by traditional European
law, or any two people who are significant to each other for whatever
reason.   There is no requirement for
there to be a sexual relationship, or cohabitation.   The criteria are mutual support and a shared life.   (The terms “de facto relationship,”
“husband,” “wife” and “spouse” have been erased from all Tasmanian laws and
replaced with the terms “significant partner” and “caring partner.”)
The
Relationships Act establishes a registry for all newly enfranchised
relationships.  No rights or
responsibilities will flow from registration except recognition of the
relationship under state law.   But
registration will be important as a way for people in significant personal relationships
to prove their relationship if challenged, particularly in emergency
situations.
As a way for
same-sex couples to have their relationships officially and explicitly
sanctioned by the state, the Tasmanian registration scheme is the first in Australia.   There is a 'full faith and credit' clause
in the Australian Constitution.
The bill and
the Act when it commences can be accessed at
http://www.thelaw.tas.gov.au.
_David
Buchanan SC_
Canadian
Commons Approves Hate Crimes Measure
On Sept. 17, by
a vote of 141-110, the House of Commons of the (federal) Parliament of Canada
passed Bill C-250, introduced by Svend Robinson MP (who came out as the House’s
first openly gay member in 1988).
Approval by the Senate is expected.
The bill (available at http://www.parl.gc.ca, Bills) amends s. 319 of
the federal Criminal Code (there is only one such code for the entire country
because criminal law is a federal responsibility under the Constitution of
Canada), which renders guilty of an offence “[e]very one who, by communicating
statements, other than in private conversation, wilfully promotes hatred
against any identifiable group.”  The
bill does so by adding “sexual orientation” to the definition of an
“identifiable group” in s. 318(4) (“‘identifiable group’ means any section of
the public distinguished by colour, race, religion or ethnic origin”), and by
adding “or an opinion based on
a belief in a religious text” to the existing defence in s. 319(3)(b) where the
accused “in good faith, ... expressed or attempted to establish by
argument an opinion on a religious subject.”
The existing defence was expanded to counter claims that the bill would
criminalise quoting from the Bible.  The
other defences in s. 319(3) are:  (a)
truth, (c) “relevan[ce] to any subject of public interest, the discussion of
which was for the public benefit,” and (d) “in good faith, ... point[ing] out,
for the purpose of removal, matters producing or tending to produce feelings of
hatred towards an identifiable group.”
Unlike the US Supreme Court, the European Court and Commission of Human
Rights have frequently and unanimously upheld hate speech legislation as a
justifiable interference with freedom of expression (most recently in the
Court’s July 7 admissibility decision in _Garaudy v. France_).  The Supreme Court of Canada did so narrowly
(5-4) in _R. v. Keegstra_, [1990] 3 S.C.R. 697.  Canada’s bill will join similar legislation in such jurisdictions
as Denmark, Iceland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, South Africa, Spain,
Sweden and the Australian states of New South Wales, Queensland and Tasmania.
_Robert Wintemute_
Other
International News
_Australia_ -
The _Cairns Post_ reported Oct. 1 that the Victorian Civil and Administrative
Appeals Tribunal has revoked an exemption it had given to the organizers of
Lezfest 2004 to advertise their women-only event, having been notified that a
transsexual lobby group objected to advertising that the event was open only to
“female-born lesbians.”
_Australia_ -
So which country has the most gay couples?
On September 24, newspapers across Australia, gulled by a spurious
survey by a condom manufacturer, proclaimed “Aussie top of the world for gays,”
reporting that seventeen percent of Australians were involved in gay and
lesbian relationships, slightly more than the United States, and that Vietnam
had the lowest percentage of gay relationships: 3 percent.  Further inquiry found that the numbers were
generated by a poll conducted by Durex, a condom manufacturer, on its website,
asking those who hit the website to indicate what kind of a relationship they
were in.  So, 17 percent of Australians
who responded to a poll by a condom manufacturer on the internet are in gay
relationships.  So what?  (Oh, and the poll also showed that the
hottest to trot on earth are the Hungarians, who report an average of 152
sexual acts with another person per year, Australians coming second with
125.)  _Hobart Mercury_, _Cairns Post_,
_Adelaide Advertiser_, Sept. 24.  Must
have been a slow news day....
_Canada_ - An
attempt by the opposition Canadian Alliance to put the Liberal governing party
on the spot by proposing a resolution to reaffirm the definition of marriage as
a union between one man and one woman failed on September 16, when members of
the 301-member Canadian House of Commons voted 137-132 to reject the
resolution.  Supporters of same-sex
marriage were cheered by the defeat of the resolution, but concerned that the
margin of victory was so close, that fewer than half the members of the entire
House cast their votes against the resolution, and that many Liberal members
were among those supporting it.  There
was concern that when the affirmative government bill to recognize same-sex
marriage comes to a vote, it may be difficult to carry the House.  The Liberals actually hold 170 seats.  The government bill now sits with the
Supreme Court of Canada, which has been asked by the government to rule on
various questions before the measure is put to a vote, including whether the
bill provides sufficient leeway for religious institutions and whether the
Parliament’s action redefining the common law of marriage in Canada will have
binding effect on all the provinces. _Associated Press_, Sept. 17.
_Columbia_ -
_Gay.com UK_ reported on Aug. 29 that the government has cancelled its plans to
introduce laws giving same-sex partners certain legal rights, as a result of
the Roman Catholic Church’s anti-gay directive issued during the summer,
charging Catholic politicians with a moral duty to refrain from extending any
legal rights to same-sex partners.
Columbia is described as a “strongly Catholic” country.
_Indonesia_ –
Indonesia’s director general of legislation announced Sept. 29 that the
government is working on a new version of sections of the criminal code to
reflect the Muslim faith of the country’s majority.  The existing code is largely a legacy of the period of Dutch
colonial rule.  Under the proposed
revisions, all non-marital sex would be outlawed, as would be cohabitation and
witchcraft.  Abdul Gani Abdullah, the
director general, told Reuters news service that the intent is not for
proactive enforcement, but rather to have the law in place to respond to
complaints being filed.  According to
the newspaper article, “Beliefs in witchcraft and mysticism are widespread,
especially on the main island of Java.
Many Indonesians are generally relaxed about homosexuality. _The
Guardian_, Sept. 30.
_Israel_ -
The newspaper _Haaretz_ reported on Sept. 8 that a female-to-male transsexual
who was charged with sexually abusing teenage girls had agreed to a plea
bargain involving six months of community service and payment of fines to two
of the complainants.  Hen Alkobi claimed
that these had been consensual relationships, and that the girls were pressured
by their families into charging him with raping them with dildos, to avoid the
implication that the girls were lesbians.
Alkobi disputed the court’s finding that there was not true
consent.  According to the news report,
the Haifa District Court found that Alkobi was guilty of “wrongful
impersonation” by not telling these girls that he was a genital female.  Rejecting the argument that Alkobi could
present himself as male in seeking a sexual relationship with a woman, the
court stated: “When a person becomes involved in intimate relations with
another, he or she must reveal his or her identity as a ‘male’ or ‘female,’ in
the standard sense of the term.  In a
case in which relations of love are established, and the ‘consent’ of one side
is won without the disclosure of this essential fact, there is a violation of
the partner’s autonomy, and the situation cannot be described as ‘free
consent.’”
_New Zealand_
- As a way of cracking down on fraud committed by heterosexuals in order to
gain permanent residency in New Zealand by marrying New Zealanders and then
abandoning them as soon as their status is permanent, the Immigration Minister,
Lianne Dalziel, announced new rules on September 29 that will have the effect
of equalizing treatment of same-sex and opposite-sex (including married)
couples.  Henceforth, all those applying
for permanent residency on the basis of a relationship with a New Zealander
will have to prove that they have lived together in a genuine relationship for
at least 12 months.  Under the prior
rules, legally married couples did not have to prove any length of
relationship, while unmarried partners (referred to as “de facto couples”) had
to prove that their living-together relationship had lasted for two years.
_Stuff.co.nz_, September 29.
_Russia_ -
The _New York Times_ reported on Sept. 9 that a same-sex couple in Nizhny
Novgorod had been married in a Russian Orthodox service by a priest named Rev.
Vladimir of Rozhdestvensky Church.  Upon
news of this having happened during the first week in September, church officials
suspended the priest, who went into seclusion after telling a local news
reporter that he had not performed a wedding ceremony for the two men, Denis
Gogolev and Mikhail Morozov.  However,
the _Times_ printed a photograph showing the two men standing hand-in-hand
being blessed by the priest, and the men are wearing the traditional foil
crowns worn by Russian males for wedding ceremonies.  The article described other photographs that had been taken by a
friend, showing the priest undertaking the various steps of the wedding ritual
with the two men.  This is the first
reported attempt at a same-sex Orthodox marriage ceremony in Russia.  Mr. Gogolev, a former military officer,
stated that he had bribed the priest to perform the ceremony, and that the priest
had muttered “How shameful” just before the ceremony began.   Although homosexual acts were
decriminalized in Russia during the Gorbachev regime’s “perestroika” phase, the
gay rights movement remains small and relatively clandestine in the socially conservative
country, according to the _Times_ report.
_Scotland_ -
The Scottish Law Commission has circulated a draft Criminal Code for
comment.  The Code will do away with all
remaining common law crimes in Scotland and provide that only acts specified in
the Code are forbidden.  The Code
includes a hate crimes law that covers offences motivated by hatred or contempt
and includes sexual orientation and gender among the specified categories.  The sexual offences section provides
clarification concerning the details of consent and modifies existing law on
public indecency in ways that, unfortunately, continues to provide substantial
subjectivity and leeway for law enforcement authorities determined to crack
down on gay cruising activity.  The Code
is available on-line at www.scotlawcom.gov.uk.
Comments must be received by December. _Gay Scotland_ No. 146, Oct.
2003.  (Our thanks to Gay Scotland
editor Brian Dempsey for sending us this information.)
_United
Kingdom_ - A coalition of British labor unions is mounting an attack to two
provisions of the new government employment regulations that are intended to
effectuate the requirement by the European Union that each member nation ban
sexual orientation discrimination in the workplace.  The unions are complaining that the challenged provisions will
allow any employer with some religious connection to continue to discriminate,
and that they will still permit employers to refuse to provide pension coverage
for same-sex partners of workers.   The
unions indicated that apart from these flaws, they were “very happy” with the
new regulations.  The unions are
bringing their claim in the High Court, asserting that in these respects the
regulations misinterpret the original European Union’s Employment Equality
Framework Directive, and could also breach the U.K.’s Human Rights Act.  The new regulations are intended to become
effective on Dec. 1, 2003.
_United
Kingdom_ - A multifaith group of religious letters signed a joint letter of
support for Dr. Rowan Williams, the Archbishop of Canterbury, calling for
tolerance and an end to homophobia in religion.  The signers included, for the first time, Muslim religious
leaders, as well as liberal Jewish rabbis and representatives of several
Christian denominations.  The main target
of the letter is to criticize fundamentalism and to sound the alarm at attempts
by fundamentalists to spread their influence in England.  One of the letter’s organizers, Muhammad
Yusuf, the chairman of the Council of University Imams, said, “All forms of
fundamentalism, whether fundamentalist Islamist or fundamentalist evangelical,
are abhorrent to the values of Britain’s multi-faith and multicultural
society.  It is time for the moderate
majority of Christians, Jews and Muslims in this country to lose their
wishy-washy image.” _The Guardian_, Sept. 26.
_United
Kingdom - London_ - Responding to complaints from gay groups, London Mayor Ken
Livingston has banned subway advertising by Sandals, a holiday firm that
promotes “couples” hotels for “mixed-sex couples only.” “London Underground
agreed it is not acceptable for a company with such an openly discriminatory
policy to advertise on public transport in this city,” Mr. Livingston told the
_London Independent_ (Sept. 29).  A.S.L.
Professional
Notes
Responding to
a request from attorney Daniel L. Weiss of the firm of Shulman & Weiss in
Paterson, N.J., the New Jersey State Bar Association’s board of trustees has
voted to establish a gay and lesbian rights committee for the association.  The Association’s executive director, Harold
L. Rubenstein, has asked Weiss to recommend names for formal appointment to the
committee by the Association’s president.
Members of the bar in New Jersey who are interested in service on this
committee should contact Mr. Weiss at dw.esq@verizon.net or by calling
973-345-1151.  Weiss has experience in
starting new lesbian/gay organizations, having founded the Gay and Lesbian
chapter of the American Immigration Lawyers Association.
LeGaL member
Cynthia Schneider, formerly with South Brooklyn Legal Services’ HIV Project, is
the new legal director for the Center for Lesbian and Gay Rights in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  The Center
provides legal services in the gay community and also initiates test-case
litigation.  The previous legal director
of the Center, Tiffany Palmer, resigned in August to co-found a new law
partnership for private practice.  Under
Palmer’s leadership, the Center had begun a Family Rights Project. _Center for
Lesbian and Gay Civil Rights Press Release_, September 7.
Charles R.
Williams, the philanthropist and educator who donated $3 million to UCLA Law
School to begin a Center for sexual orientation law has reached agreement with
the school to donate an additional $4 million.
Another anonymous donor has also come forward with $500,000.  Taken together, this creates a $7.5 million
endowment to underwrite the ongoing work of the Williams Center on Sexual
Orientation Law.  The additional gift
will underwrite fellowship and visiting scholar programs at the Center.  Brad Sears is the administrative director of
the Center, and Prof. Bill Rubenstein, former director of the ACLU Lesbian and
Gay Rights Project, is the key faculty member associated with the Center.
Kentucky
State Senator Ernesto Scorsone (D-Lexington) made local headlines on September
30 when he “came out” in the course of a speech to state workers at the
Governor’s Equal Employment Opportunity Conference.  His statement makes Scorsone the first openly-gay elected state
legislator in Kentucky.  A longtime member
of the legislature, Scorsone made an unsuccessful run for Congress in 1998, and
has not ruled out another try at the federal job.  Although he was not “out” publicly prior to this statement,
Scorsone was known among gay legal advocates for having been the lead attorney
in _Commonwealth of Kentucky v. Wasson_, 842 S.W.2d 487 (Ky. 1992), in which
the Kentucky Supreme Court declared the state’s sodomy law unconstitutional as
applied to cases of private, consensual adult sex, and for taking a leading role
in public debates on gay and AIDS issues in the state. _Lexington Herald
Leader_, Oct. 1.
The U.S.
Senate unanimously confirmed Michael Mosman to be a U.S. District Judge in
Oregon.  Mosman’s nomination had
initially stirred opposition from gay groups when it was revealed that he was
the conservative Supreme Court clerk who helped to persuade Justice Powell to
vote to uphold the Georgia sodomy law in _Bowers v. Hardwick_ (1986).  In May, Mosman, who has been serving as the
U.S. Attorney for Oregon, met with gay groups and Senator Ron Wyden to assure
them that his views have changed and that he supports equal rights under the
Constitution for gay people.  He also
pledged that he would not let his personal views about abortion affect his
official rulings from the bench.  (As a
district judge, he is bound to follow Supreme Court and 9th Circuit
precedents.)  On the basis of this
meeting, Sen. Wyden and the gay groups in Oregon dropped their opposition to
the nomination. _The Columbian_, Sept. 27.
A.S.L.
AIDS &
RELATED LEGAL NOTES
PWA Entitled
to Accommodation Under Fair Housing Act
When a person
is disabled as a result of HIV infection and, as a result, is unable to work
and has limited income from his disability benefits, in seeking to rent a new
apartment, it is a reasonable accommodation to require a landlord to alter its
rental policies and allow a relative of the disabled person to co-sign the
lease in order to satisfy the landlord’s minimum credit and income
requirements.  _Giebeler v. M&B
Associates_, 2003 WL 22119329 (9th Cir., September 15, 2003).
John Giebeler
is disabled due to his infection with HIV and unable to work.  Prior to becoming disabled, Giebeler earned
$36,000 per year.  However, since
becoming disabled, his income is limited to the benefits he receives under the
Social Security Disability Insurance program.
In 1997, Giebeler sought to lease a new apartment that was closer to his
mother’s home and less expensive than where he was previously residing.  The defendant, M&B Associates, turned
down Giebeler’s rental application because of insufficient income.  Giebeler then inquired if his mother could
co-sign the lease.  This request was
also turned down.  The landlord
maintained a strict policy against having co-signers on residential leases.   The record before the court indicated that
Giebeler’s mother had sufficient income to qualify for the apartment.
District
Judge Ronald M. Whyte dismissed the case, finding that changing the landlord’s
policy (or making an exception thereto) by allowing the mother to co-sign the
lease was beyond the type of accommodation required by the Fair Housing
Amendments Act (FHAA), which forbids disability discrimination in residential
housing.  Judge Whyte held that an
accommodation that remedies the economic status of a disabled person is not the
kind of accommodation required by the statute, which is concerned mainly with
physical access.
The 9th
Circuit reversed, in an opinion by Circuit Judge Berzon.  The central issue in dispute on appeal is
whether bending a landlord’s usual means of testing a prospective tenant’s
likely ability to pay the rent over the course of the lease is an accommodation
at all within the meaning of the FHAA.
The court held that permitting Giebeler to live in an apartment rented for
him by his qualified mother would have adjusted for his inability, because of
his disability, to earn his own income while providing the landlord with
substantial assurance that the full rent – not a discounted amount – would be
paid monthly.
The 9th Circuit
panel found that Giebeler demonstrated that, but for the accommodation, he was
likely to be denied an equal opportunity to enjoy the housing of his
choice.  Moreover, the court found that
the accommodation requested was reasonable.
The purpose of the landlord’s minimum income requirement is to ensure
that tenants have sufficient income to pay rent consistently and promptly.  The court held that allowing a financially
eligible relative to rent an apartment for a disabled individual who, except
for his current financial circumstances, is qualified to be a tenant does not
unreasonably threaten the landlord’s interest.
In addition, the court commented that although this landlord had a
policy against co-signers, in many rental markets it is not unusual for parents
to co-sign leases for their children.
Thus, the court held that requiring the landlord to change its policy to
allow the mother to co-sign the lease was a reasonable accommodation within the
intendment of the FHAA and should have been honored.  The court remanded the matter for further consistent proceedings.
_Todd V. Lamb_
Ohio Appeals
Court Orders Trial on Doctor’s Unilateral Order for HIV Test
A divided
panel of the Court of Appeals of Ohio, First District (Hamilton County) ruled
on Sept. 19 that the Court of Common Pleas judge erred in granting summary
judgment to a defendant doctor who had ordered an HIV test of a patient without
obtaining specific consent. _Davis v. Liebson_, 2003 Ohio 4965, 2003 WL
22149333.
Phyllis Davis
consulted Dr. Samuel Liebson, a licensed podiatrist, about some problems with
her feet.  Liebson diagnosed
“hammertoes” and recommended surgery.
Davis agreed to the surgery.
During preoperative workup, a nurse drew some of Davis’s blood, which
Liebson sent out for lab tests, including an HIV test.  Liebson never specifically asked Davis for
permission to test her blood for HIV.
Before the scheduled surgery date, Davis’ employer, also a doctor, told
her that surgery was not necessary for her condition, and another podiatrist
she consulted concurred, saying the condition was treatable without
surgery.  Davis cancelled the
surgery.  She was subsequently billed
for the lab work and was surprised to discover that she had been tested for
HIV; when she then went to Liebson’s office to review her records, she
discovered she had also been tested for syphillis without specific
authorization.  Her results on both
tests were negative, but she was upset about them even being performed, and sued
under an Ohio statute that requires informed consent for medical testing.  The statute provides an exception for
testing that the doctor deems necessary in his professional judgment in order
to render treatment.
Davis claimed
that the HIV and syphillis tests were not necessary for treatment of her foot
condition, and that Liebson ordered the tests to inform himself prior to
surgery whether she was infected, rather than for the purpose of diagnosing or
treating her.  Liebson argued to the
trial court that he was exercising his professional judgment as authorized by
the statute, and the trial judge agreed.
On appeal, Davis argued that the standard for evaluating “professional
judgment” should be something closer to the medical malpractice standard – i.e.,
whether knowledgeable doctors in the community would require such testing
before a foot operation – and not whether Dr. Liebson as an individual thought
it necessary.
Writing for a
majority of the court, Judge Doan found guidance in _Littleton v. Good
Samaritan Hospital & Health Center_, 529 N.E.2d 449 (1988), in which the
Ohio Supreme Court adopted a “professional judgment rule,” something
intermediate between the subjective judgment of the individual doctor and a
medical malpractice standard based on professional consensus.  Although the _Littleton_ case was decided in
a different factual context, Judge Doan found its reasoning appropriate for
this case, and held that the doctor’s decision to test without consent should
be tested by both his good faith in ordering the test and a “professional
standard” to evaluate whether doctors in general would give such a test without
consent under the circumstances.  The
case was remanded, with a dissent arguing that Dr. Liebson should be shielded
from liability so long as he believed in good faith that the test was
appropriate for dealing with Davis’s condition, inasmuch as the statute on its
face made an exception to the consent requirement based on the judgment of the
doctor.  A.S.L.
“Psst, Did
You Know Doc Johnson Has HIV?” – No Defamation Found
An obstetrician/gynecologist
in rural Martin, Tennessee, in the northwestern portion of the state, was the
subject of rumors that she was sending her patients letters informing them that
she had tested HIV+.  She had done no
such thing, and the doctor sued for defamation.  However, since no malice was shown, and the rumor-mongers
sincerely believed the story and felt it their duty to spread it, the
defendants were found not liable for defamation. _Whitehurst v. Martin Medical
Center, P.C._, 2003 WL 22071467 (Tenn. App. Aug 28, 2003).
The original
rumor arose between 1991 and 1993 when Dr. Susan Johnson separated from her
husband, William Whitehurst.  Local
residents believe that the rumor may have been started either by Whitehurst or
by the couple’s daughter. The ’91-’93 rumor was eventually squelched.
This case
involves a similar rumor started on Oct. 6, 1997, when an unnamed individual
asked a physician at Martin Medical Center whether he had heard that Dr.
Johnson was HIV+. The physician, Dr. Eason, decided to ask others, and some of
those people had “heard something to that effect.” From the doctors at the
hospital, the rumor spread to the pharmacists at Wal-Mart, other employees at
the store, and the friends and families of all.  On Oct. 10, someone thought to call Dr. Johnson’s office to find
out if the rumor was true. The caller found that the information was not true,
related this news to others, and damage control was begun both at Wal-Mart and
at the medical center.
Three months
later, Dr. Johnson and her husband sued the medical center and various
individuals for defamation, alleging damage to Dr. Johnson’s reputation, to her
medical practice, and to her emotional well-being.
Dr. Johnson
moved that the ’91-’93 rumors not be allowed as evidence, but her motion was
denied. She also moved to disallow the defendants’ “qualified privilege” which
would permit them to assert as a defense a good-faith belief in the truth of
the rumors. This motion was granted, but not until after the testimony had been
heard.
The jurors
held for the defendants, and Dr. Johnson appealed. She asked that the appellate
court overturn the jury verdict because (1) certain evidence should have been
disallowed under the qualified privilege; (2) the court should not have allowed
evidence of the ’91-’93 rumors; and (3) the trial court should have set aside
the jury verdict because it defied logic and reason and was against the weight
of evidence.
The appeals
court used an abuse-of-discretion standard in analyzing the trial court’s
result. The opinion by Judge Holly M. Kirby first outlined the elements
required for defamation under Tennessee law: (a) a statement is published
(i.e., publicized, i.e., stated) (b) with knowledge that the statement is false
and defaming (c) or with reckless disregard for the truth of the statement (d)
or negligence in failing to ascertain the truth of the statement. Some degree
of fault by the defendants must be proven.
The
“qualified privilege,” which was disallowed by the trial court, is a defense in
Tennessee defamation law when statements are made in good faith upon any
subject in which the party communicating has an interest, or as to which he or
she has a duty to a person having a corresponding interest or duty. _Southern
Ice Co. v. Black_, 189 S.W. 861, 863 (Tenn.1916).  Actual malice must be shown by evidence that the defendant had
serious doubts as to the truth of the statement, and that disseminating such
statement while doubting it shows reckless disregard for truth or falsity and
demonstrates actual malice. Because the qualified privilege was not permitted,
Dr. Johnson was not required to show actual malice.
Since the
qualified privilege was not available, Dr. Johnson contended on appeal that
statements allowed at trial showing a good-faith belief in the truth of the
rumors were irrelevant and prejudicial.
The defendants argued, on the other hand, and the appellate court held,
that the statements were permissible for other purposes. In any defamation
case, the jury is entitled to know whether the defendants knew the statements
were false, why the defendants relied on the statements, and why the defendants
disseminated the information. This information (some of which was elicited by
the doctor’s own attorney) was highly pertinent to the defendants’ fault, an
element that the plaintiff had the burden to prove. The statements were not
barred by the qualified privilege.
The court
further held that the ’91-’93 rumors were pertinent and admissible because one
of the plaintiffs, specifically, Dr. Johnson’s husband, may have started the
rumors, and a plaintiff cannot recover if the plaintiff introduced the rumor
into the community. In any event, the trial court made no reversible error in
allowing those rumors; there was no abuse of discretion.
The trial
court was not required to rule that the verdict was against the weight of the
evidence because the jury had fairly made a determination as to whether the
defendants were negligent, and determining whether the defendant acted
prudently is within the province of the jury. The defamation suit failed, and
costs were assigned to Dr. Johnson. _Alan J. Jacobs_
Federal Court
Bars Government Liability for 1983 Transfusion
In _Doe v.
United States _, 2003 WL 22076706 (Aug. 27, 2003), Judge Osteen of the U.S.
District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina rejected a suit
brought by the family of a young woman
who contracted AIDS during a blood tranfusion.  Finding for the defendant United States, the court held that the
statute of limitations barred the claims, and that the plaintiffs had also
failed to show that the defendants had not satisfied the applicable standard of
care, or that there had been a lack of informed consent.
On July 7,
1983, pregnant with her first child and already in labor, plaintiff Jane Doe
arrived at the U.S. Navy Regional Medical Center in Tennessee.  She required an emergency Caesarean
section.  The circumstances surrounding
what happened next were hotly contested.
Doe did not recall the possibility of a transfusion ever having been
discussed, nor did she believe that there had been any consultation as to the
risks. The district court held that a consultation had in fact taken place,
before the surgery, because both doctors asserted that it had, and because Doe
had signed a waiver acknowledging the risks.
After the
birth, Doe’s condition seemed to improve, but within a couple of days took a
turn for the worse.  Although the court
found the evidence sufficient to believe that the two doctors had consulted
with her as to “standard” risks before the Caesarian section, no one discussed
the risk of a possible transfusion subsequent to the birth, and she did not
sign any additional waiver or consent form. Dr. Perez, having been informed of
the change in condition, but without examining or consulting with Doe, ordered
a transfusion using blood from a Navy blood bank.  The blood, as was eventually discovered, was HIV-infected.
Three years
later, in 1986, Doe gave birth to her second child, Baby John Doe. By 1991, Doe
had developed a myriad of health problems.
On July 18, 1995, she tested positive for HIV, and subsequent testing
confirmed the diagnosis. On July 31, 1995, Doe and her husband completed an
adult HIV Confidential Case Report. The report suggested the two possible
causes: “sex with male”  and
“transfusion of blood/blood components. “ Doe had no sexual partners other than
her husband, who tested negative for HIV.
The Does were concerned nonetheless, because of an affair John Doe had
three years prior.
By September, 1995, Jane had eliminated all risk factors
except for her husband and the 1983 transfusion.  In October 1995, with the Navy blood transfusion as the prime
suspect, Doe authorized Dr. Lane, an infectious disease specialist, to ask the
Navy to trace the blood transfusion.
Lane telephoned the Navy medical center on October 27, 1995, and
followed up with a written request four days later. The Navy's response arrived
on October 4, 1996, as a faxed copy of an internal memo which identified one of
Doe’s donors as a sailor who had died from AIDS.  Doe then retained counsel.
In August 1998, Doe’s lawyer passed the case to another lawyer for
reasons the court did not discuss.  Her
new lawyer filed administrative claims with the Navy on September 2, 1998.  Nearly three years later, the Navy responded
by denying the claims on statute of limitations grounds.  On July 3, 2001, the Doe family filed the
present action with the District Court.
The court held that under federal law, a plaintiff need have
merely “elemental knowledge” of a claim for the statute of limitations to begin
running, and that Doe  possessed such
knowledge on July 31, 1995.  In the
court’s view, Doe “knew” that the 1983 blood transfusion had caused her injury
as of that date. The court rejected the plaintiffs’ contention that they
weren’t on inquiry notice until October 4, 1996, the date the Navy informed Doe
about the HIV-infected donor.  Doe
argued that she could not know the critical fact about the cause of the
infection because that information remained in the government's hands, but this
failed to persuade the court. “Lingering uncertainty,” the court replied, does
not prevent claim accrual.  In still
stronger language, Judge Osteen asserted the impossibility of Doe’s position
because, in the court’s view, the “plaintiff need not know that the suspicious
event is more likely than not the cause.” Statutes of limitations may be tolled
in the interests of justice, when the plaintiff has been misled or deceived in
order to conceal the existence of a cause of action, but the court found that
there was nothing wrongful in the Navy’s year-long delay in answering her
doctor, because it was a typical response for the Navy Blood Program. The court
also suggested that Doe’s original attorney might have been blameworthy in failing
to make a timely claim, and that the Government cannot be made to suffer the
consequences.
The court further held that even if the statute of
limitations had not barred the claims, the plaintiffs had failed to prove by a
preponderance of the evidence that Dr. Perez had violated the applicable
standard of care in ordering a transfusion for Doe, or that Doe had not given
informed consent for the transfusion.
The Navy’s two expert witnesses testified that Dr. Perez’s
decision to transfuse Doe was an appropriate course of treatment, and that the
care she received exceeded the standard of care in Tennessee in 1983, when
doctors, the court says, considered blood transfusion a low-risk procedure. The
court found that at that time, it was hypothesized that AIDS was a blood-borne
virus, but that “the medical and scientific communities did not reach a
consensus that AIDS could be transmitted by blood until 1984.”
The
plaintiffs’ expert testified that Dr. Perez should have visited Doe before
ordering the transfusion and should have noted his reasons for the transfusion.
The plaintiff also introduced uncontroverted evidence that her post-op symptoms
were inconsistent with shock, the danger that the transfusion purported to
avert.  The court discounted this evidence,
however, because, in the opinion of the court, the plaintiff had failed to
satisfy the court that even this would have violated the standard of care in
Tennessee in 1983.  The court went on to
declare that it was reasonable, at the time, to give a transfusion to ward off
the risk of shock, however remote a possibility.
Doe
also argued that her consent to a Caesarean section on July 8 did not include
an implicit consent to a transfusion the following day, and that it therefore
constituted medical battery.  The
defense answered that obstetricians in Tennessee in 1983 did not use a separate
consent form before ordering a post-operative transfusion, because, again, the
court emphasized, it was viewed as a low-risk procedure. As Doe failed to show
any evidence to dispute that characterization, the court accepted this view of
the standard of care.
Doe’s final
claim, lack of informed consent, was rejected because she failed to show that a
reasonable person would not have consented to the transfusion if adequately
informed of all the risks.  In
Tennessee, in 1983, said the court, the standard of care did not require
doctors to discuss the risk of infection, because blood banks screened for
known blood-borne infectious diseases such as malaria, syphilis, and hepatitis.
A doctor could, held the court, obtain informed consent before a surgery
without disclosing “every possible thing that might go wrong.”  Judgment was granted in favor of the United
States as against the entire Doe family.
In 1981,
Congress gave the National Institutes of Health (NIH) some $3 million for AIDS
research and a year later, upped the amount to more than $21 million. On
January 4th, 1983, seven months before Doe went into labor, the Centers for
Disease Control advised the FDA to take certain basic precautionary measures,
which, the CDC said, would eliminate over 90 percent of HIV-contaminated blood
drawn from infected donors.  At that
time, the majority of voting members on FDA’s Blood Product Advisory Committee
(BPAC) either worked for or had financial interests in blood banking
organizations like the American Red Cross. Ten years later, the Department of
Health and Human Services commissioned a study to explain how HIV had spread
through the blood supply in the early 1980s. The study concluded that “a
failure of leadership and inadequate decision-making processes”  caused more than 20,000 people to contract
AIDS in the early 1980s, most from blood transfusions. In particular, the study
found, donor screening was ineffective, regulatory action was weak, and
patients were not told enough about AIDS to make informed decisions. The study
recommended that a fund be established to compensate people who were infected
with HIV from contaminated blood. A bill, the “Steve Grissom Relief Fund Act,”
would provide a one-time payment of $100,000 to each of the infected
individuals, and to about 12,000 others similarly situated.  It has yet to be adopted, although similar
measures have been adopted in some other countries. _Joseph Griffin_
AIDS Litigation
Notes
_Federal - 6th
Circuit - Ohio_ - In a case where an HIV+ man claims that a police officer used
excessive force to arrest him, a 6th Circuit panel ruled on Sept. 24
that a U.S. district judge in Ohio had improperly decided a qualified immunity
motion against the plaintiff when there were disputed material facts and the
plaintiff’s allegations, if true, would establish a constitutional violation
for which immunity would not be available. _D’Agastino v. City of Warren_, 2003
WL 22220530.  D’Agastino, who had run
out of a hospital in his underwear while drunk and then acted in a disorderly
way in traffic on the street, was taken down by police officer Richard Kovach
with a baton.  While D’Agastino was sprawled
face-down on the ground, he alleges that Kovach slammed his head into the
pavement several times before making the arrest, causing significant head
injuries.  Kovach denies slamming
D’Agastino’s head, and pled qualified immunity to D’Agastino’s claims under 42
USC sec. 1983 and state tort law.  The
district judge found that D’Agastino’s allegations did not describe
unreasonable force under the circumstances such that Kovach should have known
his conduct was unconstitutional; the Circuit panel disagreed, and held that
the immunity ruling should not have been made before a jury could sort out the
credibility issues as between D’Agastino’s and Kovach’s accounts of the
arrest.  The court conceded that
D’Agastino might have problems prevailing, particularly in light of his blood
alcohol level at the time of his arrest, but asserted that he had the right to
try.
_Federal -
Northern District of Illinois_ - District Judge Kennelly of the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois has reversed course in _Cotton v.
Alexian Brothers Bonaventure House_, 2003 WL 22078287 (Sept. 9, 2003), and
rescinded an earlier ruling that two state laws were not violated when two
residents were evicted from a long-term care residence for people with
HIV.  The residence claimed that one of
the individuals was evicted because he had made a threat to another resident,
and the other because he had entered another resident’s room uninvited and
attempted to initiate sexual contact.
The two former residents sued in federal court claiming a violation of
the federal Housing Opportunities for People with AIDS Act (HOPWA), and seeking
to assert supplementary claims under the Illinois Forcible Entry and Detainer
Act and the Chicago Residential Landlord Tenant Ordinance.  Ruling on a summary judgment motion, Judge
Kennelly had dismissed the Illinois and Chicago claims, but on reconsideration
decided that the proper course on the merits of whether those statutes applied
to residents of a long-term care facility for people with AIDS was actually a
disputed issue of state law.  The court
determined that the better course would be to decline to assert jurisdiction
over those state law claims, which a federal court can do as an exercise of
discretion, since it is unclear how they would be decided by the state courts
in the absence of any published precedents.
_California_
- Ronald Gene Hill, a former member of the San Francisco Health Commission, was
arrested and jailed on September 17 after being indicted under a state law that
makes it a crime intentionally to infect a sex partner with HIV.  Two HIV+ men testified to the grand jury
about have unprotected sex with Hill after he repeatedly told them that he was
HIV-negative, at a time when he knew he was infected.  There was also evidence that he was actively soliciting sexual
activity on the internet.  If convicted,
Hill faces up to eight years in prison. _San Francisco Chronicle_, Sept. 18.
_Colorado_ -
Lambda Legal has filed an appeal of a decision by Kaiser Permanente, a large
HMO, denying coverage for a kidney transplant for John Carl, who is living with
HIV.  Kaiser rejected Carl’s request,
asserting that “kidney transplantation for HIV-positive patients is
contraindicated. . . due to its experimental status and nonfavorable outcomes.”
Lambda Legal notes that the California office of Kaiser has approved coverage
for kidney transplants, and that peer-reviewed medical journal articles have
concluded that it should not be considered experimental for HIV-positive
patients.  Lambda’s formal internal
appeal is a prerequisite to litigation. _Lambda Legal_ press release, Sept. 22.
_Massachusetts_
– _Commonwealth v. Boone_, 2003 WL 22087552 (Mass. App. Ct., Sept. 9, 2003)
(unpublished disposition), presents the tragic story of a John Doe victim who
claims to have been raped twice by his HIV+ cousin when he was 14 years
old.  According to the unpublished per
curiam opinion, the cousin, who had not disclosed his HIV status to the victim
or the victim’s family, was staying in the victims home occasionally beginning
in February 1996.  According to the
victim’s testimony, he went to bed around 9 pm on his 14th birthday,
April 27, and “was awakened by someone pinning him down on his bed” who he
later identified as his cousin, Paul Boone. “He felt the defendant force his
penis into his anus,” but struggled free.
He claimed Boone threatened to kill him if he told anybody.  The victim claimed that another anal assault
by Boone took place sometime in August, followed by a similar threat.  Later in August, Boone told the victim and
his family taht he was HIV+, left and never returned.  Two years later John began to experience troubling symptoms, was
taken to a pediatrician who diagnosed him as HIV+ and experiencing symptoms of
full-blown AIDS.  The victim cried and
confessed what had happened to the doctor, who testified at trial. The
defendant presented a medical expert who testified that the victim was likely
infected at an earlier time, since the likelihood that an otherwise healthy
teenager would develop full-blown AIDS less than two years after being first
exposed to the virus were about one in a hundred.  The defendant also presented testimony that the Social Services
Department was involved with the victim’s family due to drinking problems by
the mother and various unspecified allegations against the father.  The defendant was convicted of rape and
sentenced to five years.  The appellate
court upheld the conviction and sentence, rejecting the argument that the doctor’s
testimony should have been rejected or that the trial judge had improperly
premised the sentence on a finding that Boone had actually infected the
victim.  The trial judge had made clear
on the record that he was imposing sentence for exposing the victim to HIV in
the course of sexual assault, and not for transmitting the virus.  A.S.L.
International
AIDS Notes:
_Great
Britain_ - The Association of British Insurers has published a set of proposals
for underwriting procedures that are intended to ensure that gay men receive
respectful treatment as applicants to purchase insurance and that insurance
companies do not make assumptions about applicants’ risk of HIV/AIDS or of
their sexuality as a result of their occupations.  The proposals were devised with input from the Terrence Higgins
Trust, an AIDS organization that is the equivalent of Gay Men’s Health Crisis
in the U.S., and with input from pink-finance.com, an association of gay people
in the financial industry. _The Guardian_, Sept. 23. * * * The Ministry of
Defence has announced a revision to its pension policy under which registered
partners of military service members will be given the same rights as married
couples, beginning in 2005.  At the same
time, to help pay for the anticipated expense, the age at which pension
entitlement kicks in will be raised several years. _The Express_, Sept. 16.
A.S.L.
_New
Zealand & Australia_ - A review has been published of the effectiveness and
efficiency of New Zealand’s needle and syringe exchange program (NESP).   Highlights are: the NSEP prevented an
estimated 1,031 HIV infections and 1,091 chronic Hepatitis C infections in IDUs
in New Zealand between 1988 and 2001; 96.5% of users described the service they
received at peer-based exchanges as “good” or “very good”; the program returns
$NZ20 in value of blood-borne viruses infections prevented for every $1
invested.  The full report is available
at – http://www.burnet.edu.au/researchandprograms/epi/downloads/nznsepreview
In Australia, despite the hostility of its current federal
government to harm reduction policies in relation to injecting drug use, its
health department has published a similar report on the savings in dollars and
lives achieved by implementing NESPs in Australia at the outset of the HIV/AIDS
epidemic http://www.health.gov.au/pubhlth/publicat/document/roireport.pdf. Still
in Australia, an independent evaluation report of a medically  supervised injecting centre (MISC) pilot
project in Sydney (state of New South Wales) has been published with positive
results - principally in the avoidance of drug overdose-related deaths: http://druginfo.nsw.gov.au/druginfo/reports/msic.pdf   In what is seen
as a politically pragmatic response, the NSW government has announced
legislation authorising the single MSIC operating in Sydney to continue
operating for four years but that no other MISCs will be established. _David
Buchanan_
_AIDS Policy Notes:_
A new study is generating controversy over the cause of the
AIDS epidemics in sub-Saharan Africa.
David Gisselquist, described as “an independent economist and
anthropologist based in Hershey, Pennsylvania,” undertook a review of past
studies on HIV epidemiology in Africa and came to a strikingly different
conclusion from the “official line” spouted by the World Health
Organization.  WHO estimates that 90
percent of HIV infections in sub-Saharan Africa are transmitted sexually.  This would make South Africa quite different
from Europe and North America, and Gisselquist concludes that the WHO estimates
do not match up with the various epidemiological studies.  He estimates that only one-third of the HIV
infections are sexually transmitted, concluding that one-third are caused by
unsafe injections, and the final third passed on by transfusions and other
blood-borne means.  Gisselquist has
testified about his findings before the U.S. Senate, seeking to influence how
U.S. funds are spent on HIV prevention activities in Africa, contending that
more money should be spent on education of health care workers and insuring
adequate supplies and equipment to improve the safety of health care services.  Top officials of WHO and the UN AIDS Program
are sharply critical of Gisselquist’s methodology, and argue that Gisselquist’s
proposals would inappropriately divert prevention money into areas where it
would have minimal impact. _Christian Science Monitor_, Oct. 2. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
CONFERENCE ANNOUNCEMENTS
On Saturday, October 11, American University Washington
College of Law and the National Center for Lesbian Rights will present a
conference titled “Theory Meets Practice: A Conversation Between Practitioners
Who Represent Lesbian and Gay Parents and Academics Who Write About Legal
Issues Relevant to Their Work.” There will be a private component of the event
for invited academics and practitioners to exchange information about the
latest scholarship and the pressing practical issues, as well as a public
component.  Information and on-line
registration materials can be found at www.wcl.american.edu/secle.
Lavender Law 2003 will be held on Friday, October 17,
through Sunday, October 19, in New York City.
This national lesbian/gay/bisexual/Transgender/AIDS law conference
provides the annual meeting for the National Lesbian and Gay Law Association,
and is co-sponsored by the Association’s Foundation, the Lesbian and Gay Law
Association of Greater New York, and several NYC-area law schools.  Events will be held at the Association of
the Bar of the City of New York and at Fordham University Law School’s Lincoln
Center Campus.  The keynote speaker will
be Paul Smith, the victorious Supreme Court advocate in _Lawrence v.
Texas_.  The annual Dan Bradley Award
recognizing professional contributions to lesbian and gay law will be given to
Matt Coles and Leslie Cooper of the ACLU Lesbian and Gay Rights Project, with
particular reference to their work on a case challenging the constitutionality
of Florida’s statutory ban on adoption of children by gay parents.   For details and registration materials,
check the conference website: www.lavenderlaw.org.
On Friday, November 7, the Moritz College of Law at Ohio
State University in Columbus will host a full-day program titled “Equality,
Privacy and Lesbian and Gay Rights After _Lawrence v. Texas_.” The opening
keynote address will be given by Prof. Cass Sunstein of the University of
Chicago Law School, and the closing keynote address will be given by Prof.
Catharine A. MacKinnon of the University of Michigan Law School.  The panelists include an array of prominent
names, including Prof. William Eskridge, Jr., of Yale, prolific author on gay
law, and Prof. Charles Fried of Harvard, former Solicitor General of the U.S.
in the Reagan Administration and former justice of the Massachusetts Supreme
Judicial Court.  The full list of
moderators and panelists can be found on the symposium’s website, www.moritzlaw.osu.edu/lawjournal/symposium.html.  The symposium will be webcast live for those
who are interested but unable to attend.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bader, Eleanor J., Review of _The Sharon Kowalski Case:
Lesbian and Gay Rights on Trial_ by Casey Charles (Univ. Press of Kansas,
2003), NYLJ, 9/5/2003, p. 2.
Bhagwat, Ashutosh, _What If I Want My Kids to Watch
Pornography?: Protecting Children From “Indecent” Speech_, 11 Wm. & Mary
Bill of Rights J. 671 (Feb. 2003).
Corlett, J. Angelo, and Robert Francescotti, _Foundations
of a Theory of Hate Speech_, 48 Wayne L. Rev. 1071 (Fall 2002).
Cvetkovski, Cvetan, _Equal Protection Arguments in
Constitutional Claims for Same-Sex Marriage: Does the Equal Protection Doctrine
Mandate Legalization of Same-Sex Marriage?_, 10 J. Const. L. In Eastern &
Central Europe 43 (2003).
Dauvergne, C. and J. Millbank, _Crusingforsex.com: An
empirical critique of the evidentiary practices of the Australian Refugee
Review Tribunal: A six year comparative study of refugee cases involving
lesbians and gay men in Australia and Canada_ 28(4) Alternative LJ 178-181
(2003) <http://www.altlj.org/>.
Feldmeier, John P., _Close Enough for Government Work: An
Examination of Congressional Efforts to Reduce the Government’s Burden of Proof
in Child Pornography Cases_, 30 N. Ky. L. Rev. 205 (2003).
Fink, Howard, and June Carbone, _Between Private Ordering
and Public Fiat: A New Paradigm for Family Law Decision-making_, 5 J. L. &
Fam. Studies 1 (2003).
Goldstein, Richard, _Liberation vs. “Progress”: A Challenge
to Queer People & Their Allies_, 60 Guild Practitioner 112 (Spring 2003).
Green, Steven K., _Religious Discrimination, Public
Funding, and Constitutional Values_, 30 Hastings Constitutional L. Q. 1 (Spring
2002).
Gregory, John DeWitt, _Family Privacy and the Custody and
Visition Rights of Adult Outsiders_, 20 GPSOLO (ABA) No. 2, 22 (March 2003).
Heyman, Steven J., _Ideological Conflict and the First
Amendment_, 78 Chi-Kent L. Rev. 531 (2003) (focus on the legal status of
pornography).
Heyman, Steven J., _Spheres of Autonomy: Reforming the
Content Neutrality Doctrine in First Amendment Jurisprudence_, 10 Wm. &
Mary Bill of Rts. J. 647 (April 2002) (includes discussion on hate speech laws).
Hull, Kathleen E., _The Cultural Power of Law and the
Cultural Enactment of Legality: The Case of Same-Sex Marriage_, 28 L. &
Social Inquiry 629 (Summer 2003).
Hutchinson, Darren Lenard, _Factless Jurisprudence_, 34
Columbia Hum. Rts. L. Rev. 615 (Summer 2003) (Comment responding to lead
article by Terry Smith, titled “Everyday Indignities: Race, Retaliation, and
the Promise of Title VII,” as part of a symposium titled “Combating Subtle
Discrimination in the Workplace.” Hutchinson discussed application of Smith’s
analysis to lesbian and gay workplace issues.)
Levitan, Shari A., and Ellen S. Berkowitz, _Unmarried But
Protected_, 142 Trusts & Estates (ABA) No. 9, 28 (September 2003) (how to
create tax-efficient plans to meet the objectives of unmarried same-sex and
opposite-sex couples).
Lezin, Justyn, _(Mis)Conceptions: Unjust Limitations on
Legally Unmarried Women’s Access to Reproductive Technology and Their Use of
Known Donors_, 14 Hastings Women’s L.J. 185 (Summer 2003).
Marshall, Anna-Maria, _Injustice Frames, Legality, and the
Everyday Construction of Sexual Harassment_, 28 L. & Social Inquiry 659
(Summer 2003).
McGowan, Sharon M., _The Bona Fide Body: Title VII’s Last
Bastion of Intentional Sex Discrimination_, 12 Columbia J. Gender & L. 77
(2003).
Norrie, Kenneth McK., _Would Scots Law Recognise a Dutch
Same-Sex Marriage?_, 7 Edinburgh L. Rev. 147 (May 2003).
Peterman, Larry, and Tiffany Jones, _Defending Family
Privacy_, 5 J. L. & Fam. Studies 71 (2003).
Schmidt, Christopher J., _Revitalizing the Quiet Ninth
Amendment: Determining Unenumerated Rights and Eliminating Substantive Due
Process_, 32 U. Balt. L. Rev. 169 (Spring 2003).
_Student Articles:_
_1999 Michigan Senate Bill No. 936: Constitutional in the
Face of a Strict Scrutiny Analysis When Requiring Public Libraries to Restrict
Minors’ Access to Harmful Material on the Internet_, 48 Wayne L. Rev. 1259
(Fall 2002).
Baruch, Jason, _Constitutional Law: Permitting Virtual
Child Pornography – A First Amendment Requirement, Bad Policy, or Both?_, 55
Fla. L. Rev. 1073 (Sept. 2003).
Bovalino, Kristin M., _How the Effeminate Male Can Maximize
His Odds of Winning Title VII Litigation_, 53 Syracuse L. Rev. 1117 (2003).
Boykin, Charles, Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition et.
al._: Is the Child Pornography Prevention Act First Amendment Friendly, or a
Virtual Disaster?_, 30 Southern U. L. Rev. 261 (Spring 2003).
Daugherty, Michael G., _The Ninth Circuit, the BIA, and the
INS: The Shifting State of the Particular Social Group Definition in the Ninth
Circuit and its Impact on Pending and Future Cases_, 41 Brandeis L.J. - Univ.
of Louisville 631 (2003).
Daugherty, Jennifer G., _Sex Offender Registration Laws and
Procedural Due Process: Why_ Doe v. Department of Public Safety Ex Rel. Lee_
Should be Overturned_, 26 Hamline L. Rev. 714 (2003).
Hydorn, Anne C., _Does the Constitutional Right to Privacy
Protect Forced Disclosure of Sexual Orientation?_, 30 Hastings Constitutional
L. Q. 237 (Winter 2003).
McAfee, Bryan T., Ashcroft v. American Civil Liberties
Union_: The Latest Attempt to Protect Children From Internet Pornography_, 5 J.
L. & Fam. Studies 159 (2003).
Pallios, Andrea, _Should We Have Faith in the Faith-Based
Initiative: A Constitutional Analysis of President Bush’s Charitable Choice
Plan_, 30 Hastings Constitutional L. Q. 131 (Summer 2002).
Voigt, Eric P., _Reconsidering the Mythical Advantages of
Cohabitation: Why Marriage Is More Efficient than Cohabitation_, 78 Indiana L.
J. 1069 (Fall 2003).
_Specially Noted:_
The _Georgetown Journal of Gender and the Law_ has
published its annual review issue, Vol. IV, No. 1 (Fall 2002) which, despite
the cover date, was received on September 3, 2003.   The student-written review issue is broken down into five
categories: Constitutional Law, Family Law, Education Law, Violence Law, and
Employment Law. To judge by some of the sections we sampled, the essays were
completed prior to the major Supreme Court decisions announced toward the end
of the 2002-03 term of the Court in June.
Vol. 11, No. 2 of _American University Journal of Gender,
Social Policy & the Law_ is devoted to a symposium titled: “Confronting
Domestic Violence and Achieving Gender Equality: Evaluating _Battered Women
& Feminist Lawmaking_ by Elizabeth Schneider.” * * * Vol. 55, No. 6 of the
_Stanford Law Review_ (June 2003) includes a “Book Review Symposium” reflecting
on different forms of discrimination.
A First Amendment symposium in 41 Brandeis L. J. - Univ. Of
Louisville No. 3 (2003) includes several articles about regulation of sexual
content on the internet: William D. Araiza, _Captive Audiences, Children, and
the Internet_, at 397; Ronald J. Krotoszynski, Jr., _Childproofing the
Internet_, at 447; Katherine S. Williams, _Child-Pornography and Regulation of
the Internet in the United Kingdom: The Impact on Fundamental Rights and
International Relations_, at 463.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bagenstos, Samuel R., _”Rational Discrimination,”
Accommodation, and the Politics of (Disability) Civil Rights_, 89 Va. L. Rev.
825 (Sept. 2003).
Gostin, Lawrence O., _The Global Reach of HIV/AIDS:
Science, Politics, Economics, and Research_, 17 Emory Int’l L. Rev. 1 (Spring
2003).
Kutcher, Norman, _To Speak the Unspeakable: AIDS, Culture,
and the Rule of Law in China_, 30 Syracuse J. Int’l L. & Commerce 271
(Summer 2003).
Lee, Lisa M., Matthew T. McKenna, and Robert S. Janssen,
_Classification of Transmission Risk in the National HIV/AIDS Surveillance
System_, 118 Pub. Health Rep. 400 (Oct. 2003).
Tveiten, Margit, _The Right to Health Secured HIV/AIDS
Medicine - Socio-Economic Rights in South Africa_, 72 Nordic J. Of Int’l L. 41
(2003).
_Students Articles:_
Renquin, Meredith, _AIDS 2002, Barcelona_, 19 N.Y.L.S. J.
Of Hum. Rts. 869 (Summer 2003).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are
those of identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
& Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL Foundation,
Inc.  All comments in _Publications Noted_
are attributable to the Editor.  Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law
Notes_ is welcome and will be published subject to
editing.  Please address correspondence
to
the Editor or send via e>mail.