http://www.associationofprofessionalmolecatchers.org/privacy-policy.asp
APMC
ABOUT
About Mole Traps
About Trap Approval
About APMC Affiliation
About CPD
RESOURCES
Find A Mole Catcher
Mole Trap Suppliers
Bethel Rhodes Ltd
DB Springs Ltd
Fourteenacre Ltd
Killgerm Ltd
Magnum Trap Co Ltd
Ronin Mole Control
The Flat Pack
Training Providers
AWM Training
Killgerm Ltd
MEMBERSHIP
Full Membership
Apply Now
Associate Membership
Apply Now
Members Web Site
Members Forums
Public Register
POLICY
Aims, Ethics & Practice
CONTACT
General Enquiries
Membership Enquiries
You are here: APMC > Privacy Policy
APMC Privacy Policy
This privacy statement ("Privacy Policy") covers all activities and websites (such as, www.associationofprofessionalmolecatchers.org) owned and operated by the Association of Professional Mole Catchers (hereafter referred to in this document as "APMC", "we", "us", "our") and all associated services provided by APMC. This Privacy Policy covers APMC's treatment of personal information that it gathers when you subscribe to, access or use any of APMC's membership or web services. This policy also covers personal information that APMC's business partners share with APMC.
Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By submitting information or using any of our services, or visiting our web sites, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
APMC collects and stores personal information relating to members of APMC, and also personal information relating to persons that consult or correspond with us or that we correspond or consult with. The most basic personal information we collect and store might consist your:
1. name;
2. postal address;
3. email address; and. or
4. telephone number.
Information You Provide To Us
We may receive and store any information you provide to us or enter on our web site in any other way. For example, in order to use certain services or functions of our web sites, you may be required to register with a username and email address on the APMC web site. APMC collects such information only insofar as is it deems reasonably necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the user's interaction with APMC.
Disclosure of Personally-Identifying Information
We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. We share your personal information only with your consent or to our business partners and affiliates as described below:
Personnel/Agents
APMC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, agents and contractors that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on APMC's behalf or to provide services available at or through APMC's web sites and services, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, agents and contractors may be located outside of your home country; By using APMC's web sites and/or registering as a member of APMC you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Affiliated Businesses/Organisations
We are affiliated with and work with a variety of businesses and organisations in order to provide our services. We will only share personal information with affiliates to the extent that is necessary for such affiliates to provide the services. We require our affiliates to provide the same level of privacy protection that we do and they do not have the right to share or use personal information for any purpose other than for an authorised transaction. Some of our affiliates may be located outside of the United Kingdom; by using APMC's services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Other Disclosures
APMC may disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information when APMC believe in good faith that release is required by law, court order, or when APMC believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of APMC, third parties or the public at large.
Third Parties
This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that APMC does not own or control, or to individuals that APMC does not employ or manage. APMC may link to other web sites on the Internet, and other web sites may contain links to the APMC web sites. These other web sites are not under APMC control. The privacy and security practices of web sites linked to or from the APMC web site are not covered by this Privacy Policy, and APMC is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such web sites.
Communications
If you are a registered member of APMC and have supplied your email address, APMC may occasionally send you a general circular by email to inform you about APMC's services and activities, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with APMC. We assume to use our web site to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you are a registered member of APMC and do not wish to receive such emails, please follow the instructions included in each email sent.
Privacy Policy Changes
APMC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in APMC's sole discretion. If changes are made, notice will be given in the APMC's web services at http://associationofprofessionalmolecatchers.org. Your continued use of our services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Questions
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us by writing to:
The Secretary
Association of Professional Mole Catchers
Hill Farmhouse
Mill Road
Stanford
Biggleswade
Bedfordshire
SG18 9JH
Or send an email to: secretary@associationofprofessionalmolecatchers.org
Copyright © 2009 - 2020
Association of Professional Mole Catchers (APMC). All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use