http://www.yummywakame.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
I protect your privacy like I protect my own.
Who or What is Yummy Wakame
Yummy Wakame is the personal website of Olivia Meiring – a web designer and app developer. It functions as a place I can gather ideas, resources, write articles, show my portfolio, and help others.
What personal data I collect and why I collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site I collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help with Akismet spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to this website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to this website can download and extract any location data from images on just about any website.
Contact forms
Should you contact me through the contact form, your message and contact information is only read by the me, unless you specifically ask to forward your information to a third-party for additional help on a matter.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on my site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Currently, only I have an account on this site. In future, if you have an account and you log in to this site, the site will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, the site will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article on this website, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
I also use Google Analytics which stores cookies. Please see below under the heading “Analytics”.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
I use Google Analytics on this website through a WordPress plugin. Google Analytics uses cookies to analyze user activity in order to improve the website. For example, using Cookies I can look at aggregate patterns like the most common search terms people use to find information on my site. I can use such analysis to gain insights about how to improve the functionality and experience of the website.
Should you prefer, there’s now an opt-out browser add-on that helps users make opting out incredibly easy and convenient. I encourage you to use this option if you do not want to participate.
Google Analytics Remarketing uses cookies to track users who visit your website or use your mobile app and to display your ads to these users when they are on other websites. However, I do not currently use Google Analytics Remarketing on this website and since I don’t host adverts on this site I see no reason to in future.
Who I share your data with
Your data is not shared with any 3rd parties. Period. However, any comments you leave on this website are visible and therefore accessible to be read by the public. If you would like to have a comment removed at any time, please contact me so I can permanently erase it.
How long I retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so Akismet Spam Protection can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on my website (currently, there are none), I also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their own personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data I hold about you, including any data you have provided to me. You can also request that I erase any personal data I hold about you. This does not include any data I am obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Your contact information
When you leave a comment on this website and add your email address to the email field, your email is fully hidden and only available to me, the site owner in order to respond to you. Please never leave your contact information in the comment field as all comments are visible to the public. Your email address is only available to the site owner and never shared with third parties.
Additional information
How I protect your data
Currently, all comments you leave on this website are publicly viewable, as intended. Any emails sent to me through the contact form are sent to my Gmail account and stored by Google. My Gmail password is automatically changed weekly to protect my clients and myself.
What data breach procedures I have in place
Currently, there are no user logins or profiles on this site except for me, the site owner. If this should change in the future I would immediately notify all users of the breach and reset their passwords.
What third parties I receive data from
As far as I’m aware, so far only Google Analytics.
What automated decision making and/or profiling I do with user data
Please see “Analytics”.
Plugin: Smush
Smush does not interact with our site visitors. The only input option Smush has is to a newsletter subscription for site admins only. However, currently I do not offer a newsletter subscription and only have one admin, so none of  Smush’s privacy policy information applies to you. However here it is should you be interested:
Smush sends images to the WPMU DEV servers to optimize them for web use. This includes the transfer of EXIF data. The EXIF data will either be stripped or returned as it is. It is not stored on the WPMU DEV servers.
Smush uses a third-party email service (Drip) to send informational emails to the site administrator. The administrator’s email address is sent to Drip and a cookie is set by the service. Only administrator information is collected by Drip.