http://www.dslreports.com/terms-of-use
ThemeWelcome · log in
· joinfood
Home
Reviews
Speed Test
Tools
News
Forums
Info
About
Join
LEGAL DISCLAIMER, AND TERMS OF USE of dslreports.com
privacy points (plain english key points)
We do not sell your email address or personal details we do not use
web-bugs or spy-ware. You will not receive spam email or pop-up adverts when using the site, we give you tools and options to maintain
your privacy. Please review our full privacy policy..
Terms Of Use (plain english key points)
We do not guarantee any information provided on the site, we disclaim
any liabilities for any information we carry. You are solely responsible for any and all information you upload to the site. By contributing information you are implicitly allowing us to host that information at our domains for as long as we wish. We also reserve the right to edit or remove any information you upload, edit or remove your user account, for any reason whatsoever, and with no prior notice.
Disclaimer for site Message Boards:
The Message Boards, and remark functions, of dslreports.com are not affiliated with or endorsed by
the companies they may describe.
The opinions expressed on dslreports.com Message Boards reflect solely the opinions of the participants.
dslreports.com cannot effectively monitor all material posted on its Message Boards and, therefore,
makes no representation and warranty with respect thereto.
Participants of message boards may or may not actually be ISP customers, or whomever they represent themselves as, and the information they provide may or may not be true.
The dslreports.com Message Boards are designed to help readers obtain DSL ISP information discuss ways to make ISP choices. This information is provided by other contributors, many of whom use anonymous screen names and are people we've never met.
We recognize that people sometimes post messages on our Message Boards or make statements
that are misleading, deceptive, or downright wrong.
They may do this unintentionally
and even intentionally.
Please treat the contributors here the same way you would treat anyone you had met for the first time.
This is important because anyone can post on our Message Boards: no membership or proof of identity is required.
You should NOT rely only upon the information or opinions you read on this site.
Rather, you should use what you read here as starting points for doing independent research on an ISP or DSL provider, then judge for yourself the merits of the material that has been shared in our forum.
dslreports.com does not guarantee the veracity, reliability or
completeness of any information provided in our forum or in any hyperlink
appearing on our site.
dslreports.com
will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in articles or postings,
for hyperlinks embedded in messages, or for any results obtained from the
use of such information. dslreports.com will not be liable for any loss or
damage caused by a reader's reliance on information obtained in our area,
or in a hyperlinked area. If you don't accept this responsibility for
yourself, then you should not use dslreports.com.
If you ignore our advice to do independent research of company services
and choose to make decision based on, or take at face value, opinions
found in our forum, you have made a conscious, willing,
free, and personal decision to do so.
Please proceed with caution and do your homework.
General Disclaimer:
The ISPs and other companies described are not associated or
affiliated with dslreports.com,
and ISPs may not endorse dslreports.com or the information provided.
dslreports.com Inc. does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any of
the information, content or advertisements (collectively, the "Materials")
contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from any
of the services contained on this website (the "Service"), nor the quality of any
products, information or other materials displayed, purchased, or obtained by
you as a result of an advertisement or any other information or offer in or in
connection with the Service (the "Products"). You hereby acknowledge that any
reliance upon any Materials shall be at your sole risk.
dslreports.com reserves the right,
in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to make improvements to, or
correct any error or omissions in any portion of the Service or the Materials.
THE SERVICE AND THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED BY
dslreports.COM
ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND dslreports.COM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY
AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO
THE SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS AND PRODUCTS. IN NO
EVENT SHALL dslreports.COM BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF
ANY KIND WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE, THE
MATERIALS AND THE PRODUCTS, IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER
dslreports.COM HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, INJURY, OR DAMAGES.
TERMS OF USE
All users of dslreports.com agree to follow the Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to abide by
the Terms of Use, do not use dslreports.com.
Users represent that they have read, understand, and agree to all legal
disclaimers.
Users agree that they will not post any material that is defamatory, infringing, obscene or otherwise unlawful.
If you post material, you represent and warrant that the material you post is not defamatory, infringing, obscene or otherwise
unlawful and that you have rights to post any material you supply.
dslreports.com may, in appropriate circumstances and in its sole discretion, terminate the accounts of users that
infringe or otherwise violate such rights of others.
dslreports.com reserves the right to remove any postings for any or
no reason.
Users may not post third-party links which use trademarks of
dslreports.com or otherwise could cause
confusion, wrongfully imply and endorsement of goods and services, or contain defamatory, obscene or illegal material.
Users of dslreports.com shall not deploy data-mining, web-mirroring or web-copying of any kind against the site.
Any such effort will be construed as an attempt to duplicate copyright data, and/or
to destabilize the operation of the website. dslreports.com employs active log
checking in order to identify users who ignore this condition of use, and will
investigate fully any suspected cases.
dslreports.com users authorize dslreports.com to use, reproduce, transmit, store and display any user-supplied content (including message board postings and replies) for any purpose in any and all media.
dslreports.com respects user privacy, in accordance with our Privacy
Policy. dslreports.com may disclose individual account
or user information in cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify,
contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating
dslreports.com Terms of Use or may be causing injury to
or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally)
dslreports.com's rights or property, other dslreports.com users, or
anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. dslreports.com may disclose or access account information when we
believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain,
service, and improve our products and services.
DSLR may reject, refuse to post or delete any Content for any or no reason, including Content that in the sole judgment of DSLR violates standards (defined below) or detailed in each forum, or which may be offensive, illegal or violate the rights of any person or entity, or harm or threaten the safety of any person or entity. DSLR assumes no responsibility for monitoring the DSLR Services for inappropriate Content or conduct. It is impossible for DSLR to monitor the many third-party postings on the website. If at any time DSLR chooses, in its sole discretion, to remove, reject or delete postings on DSLR, DSLR nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the Content, and assumes no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Content, and no responsibility for the conduct of Users submitting any such Content.
Content/Activity Prohibited. The following are examples of the kind of Content
that users are prohibited from posting on the DSLreports.com website. DSLR reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who violates Terms of Use or the provisions below, including without limitation, and in DSLR sole discretion removing the offending Content from the DSLR site and terminating the Membership of such violators.
Prohibited Content includes, but is not limited to, Content that, in the sole discretion of DSLR:
1) Is patently offensive and promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
2) harasses another person or advocates such harassment or causes them to be fearful;
3) publicly posts information that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person;
4) constitutes or promotes information that is fraudulent or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive or threatening, ;
5) contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
6) solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Users;
7) includes a photograph or video of another person that violates copyright of a third party;
8) libels or violates the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, or other rights of any person.
None of these standards or Terms of Use constitute or can be read as a waiver or diminution of any of DSLR's rights under the Communications Decency Act Sec. 230 all of which are reserved.
NOTIFICATION OF CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT
If you note that your work may have been copied and reproduced on dslreports.com without permission, or that your intellectual property rights have been violated, please provide the following information:
1) Identification of the material. You must include a URL (Uniform Resource Locator) so that we can review it.
2) A statement that you believe that the material's use is not authorized (by copyright owner, copyright owner's agent, or law);
3) A statement declaring (under penalty of perjury) that (a) the above information in your notice is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;
4) Your full address, and email address; and
5) Your written or electronic signature.
Our agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:
Attention: Copyright Infringement
DSLReports.com/SilverMatrix9 Corp
401 Park Avenue South
10th Floor
New
York, NY 10016
or by email to copyright_complaint@dslreports.com
CONTACTING US FOR OTHER REASONS REGARDING POSTED MATERIAL
If you believe that material posted is defamatory, obscene or otherwise
unlawful, and you are, or represent, the person or entity whose rights are
being violated, please contact dslreports.com via this page.Include full details including your contact, location of material and we will respond.
Last updated on Nov 1, 1999
Plain english section added Sep 4th, 2001
Claims of Infringement added Nov 14th, 2009
News
ISP News
Got news?
Tools
Speed Test
Smokeping
Ping Test
24x7 Broadband Monitor
ISP Reviews
Review an ISP
Latest
GBU
Information
Hardware
FAQs
Community
Join
Welcome
Members
For Sale
Forums
All Forums
DSLReports
Feedback
About
Contact
FAQ
Terms of Use
Privacy
Follow
Site
Mobile mode
DSLReports.com
© DSLReports.com
Est. 1999
Friday, 11-Dec 05:16:49
Hosted byLiquid Networks