https://www.wayfarerschapel.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
About
Our Beliefs
Chapel History
Significant Dates
Who Was Emanuel Swedenborg?
Our Spiritual Community
To Be of Use Team
Ministers
Visitors Guidelines
Filming at the Chapel
Virtual Tour
News & Events
Events Calendar
Classes & Workshops
Community Resources
Articles and Stories
Wedding Blog
Weddings
*Current Wedding Ceremony Protocols*
Our Wedding at Wayfarers Chapel
Wedding Cost
Wedding Music
Wedding Photography
Photographers
Wedding Video & Streaming
Wedding Aisle/Pew Flowers
Wedding Limousine Services
Marriage Workshop
Wedding FAQ’s
Services
Worship
Podcast
Live Events
Archived Sermons
Baptisms
Memorials
Reaffirmation
Gallery
Chapel
Gardens
Music
Videos
Weddings
“The Bachelorette”
Contact
Join Our Weekly Email Newsletter Mailing List
Find us on Google Maps
Donate
Online Giving
Planned Giving
Tax Reductions
Walk of Honor Engraved Paving Stones
Wayfarers Chapel Fund for the Future
Map
Make a Donation
Wedding Information
1 (310) 377-1650
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Wayfarers Chapel’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, wayfarerschapel.org, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around
privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data
and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 30 July 2018.
Wayfarers Chapel
An Ecumenical Ministry of the Swedenborgian Church and the National Memorial to Emanuel Swedenborg.
Dedicated to the Glory of God.
The Chapel grounds are open daily to the public from 9am to 5pm.
The sanctuary will close to the public when there are events in progress, but the grounds will remain open. Please contact the Visitors Center for our daily schedule. Visitors Center is open daily from 10am – 5pm.
Contact Us
Join our weekly email newsletter
5755 Palos Verdes Drive South
Rancho Palos Verdes, California 90275, USA
1 (310) 377-1650
Privacy PolicyTerms of Service
©2020 Wayfarers Chapel. All rights reserved.