https://www.cefonline.com/privacy-policy/
Every Child, Every Nation, Every Day
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
Child Evangelism Fellowship® (CEF®) is committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully. We seek to be transparent about our privacy practices, and this policy is intended to clearly state how information about you will be handled.
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so–for example, to provide our services, to communicate with you, or to improve our services. We collect information in three ways: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through the use of our services, and from outside sources.
We collect information when you provide it to us through the donation process, through purchasing our products and through being a ministry partner. Your information may be collected and retained for some or all of the following reasons:
To administer your purchase or donation;
To confirm receipt of donation, say thank you, and provide details of how your donation might be used;
To provide you with the services, activities or information you have indicated you want to receive or which you have asked for;
To comply with applicable laws and regulations, and requests from statutory agencies;
For our own internal administrative purposes and to keep a record of your relationship with us;
For the purposes of satisfaction research;
For marketing purposes, to provide you with information about us, our fundraising campaigns, the opportunity to leave a gift in a will, our events, our services, and any other information, products, activities or services we provide;
Where you have provided your consent to publish your personal data;
To provide you with information about volunteering opportunities;
To provide you with details about our campaigns;
To provide essential event information where you have signed up to attend;
To manage your communication preferences with us generally;
To provide you with information about goods and services we feel may interest you;
To notify you about changes to our services and/or donor opportunities;
To ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer/mobile device.
We do not sell rent or lease your personal data to third parties for the purposes of marketing. However, we may share information with our Ministry Partners, and other parties to assist us with establishing, maintaining, and managing our relationship with you and providing ministry products and services.
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal
EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
If you request to receive no further contact from us or request to have your personal data deleted from our system, we will keep some basic information in order to avoid sending you unwanted communications in the future. If we do not retain this information, then this could result in us contacting you again as we would no longer have a record of your request not to be contacted.
We also collect some information automatically:
Information about Cookies and other technology
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. CEF uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads.
Third-party websites and social networks
If you click on a hyperlink from our website to any third party websites (e.g., if you “share” content from our website with friends or colleagues on social media), you may be sent cookies from these third party websites. They will do so pursuant to their own policies on privacy and cookies. It’s a good idea to check their privacy policies to fully understand their use of cookies.
Disabling cookies
By using our website, you consent to our use of cookies as updated from time to time and the cookies we use will be stored on your device (unless rejected or disabled by your browser).
Internet browsers normally accept cookies by default. However, it is possible to set an internet browser to reject cookies. If you do not accept our use of cookies as set out in this policy, please set your internet browser to reject cookies. This may impair your ability to use our website so that some features may not work.
We may update our use of cookies from time to time, so please check this policy regularly.
Security
While no online service is 100 percent secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so, such as monitoring our services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
Children’s online privacy
We are concerned about the privacy of young children, and we do not collect any more personal information than is reasonably necessary to enable them to participate in the activities we offer on our sites. We encourage you to become involved with your child’s access to the Internet and to our site in order to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected. To read more about online safety and how to become more involved with your child’s online experience, visit OnGuardOnline.gov.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, CEF may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. CEF encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage). Your further use of our Services after a change to the Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
That’s it! Thanks for reading.
Change Log
September 25, 2018 — Major updates to reflect the requirements by GDPR along with other components to bring the policy up to date.
This document is based on the Automattic Privacy Policy
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close