https://www.methodistmaidenhead.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Methodist Church Privacy Notice
High Street Methodist Church, Maidenhead in the Thames Valley Circuit cares about your privacy and your trust is important to us. Our Privacy Notice explains how Local Churches, Circuits and Districts within the Methodist Church in Great Britain collect, use and protect your personal information. It also provides information about your rights and who to contact if you have any questions about how we use your information. Click here to read our Privacy Notice online or download a PDF version here. A copy is also displayed on the notice board in the Church Foyer. The Office Administrator will try to deal with any questions as a local point of contact who can be contacted via email; office@methodistmaidenhead.org.uk or by telephone during office opening hours (Mon-Fri, 9am-12pm).
This website and your privacy
The following section explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you complete the Contact form on this website. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
Website usage information may be used to improve the functionality and/or user experience of the website.
When a submission is made on the contact form, the details entered may be shared with authorised parties within High Street Methodist Church in order to direct the query to the appropriate person, or to gain further information in order to respond.
High Street Methodist Church will not share your information for marketing purposes with outside companies.
Marketing
From time to time, we may like to send information about events or activities that High Street Methodist Church is running which may be of interest to you.You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketingpurposes, please send an email to office@methodistmaidenhead.org.uk stating this intention.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the address shown at the bottom of this page. We reserve the right to make a small charge for this service depending on the frequency of requests.We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this page.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you. The contact details are shown at the bottom of this page or can be found on the Contact Us page. 
This privacy policy was last updated Jan 2020.