https://www.lifewater.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Lifewater International is committed to protecting your privacy and security. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
The security and confidentiality of your information is our highest priority. We use industry-standard SSL (secure socket layer) technology to protect your information and provide a safe and secure environment for online donations. We will not sell, trade or share your personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations, and we will only share personal information if you have given us specific permission to do so. This policy applies to all information received by Lifewater, both online and offline, on any Platform (“Platform” includes the Lifewater website and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications.
This privacy statement describes how Lifewater International collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website: www.lifewater.org. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Visitors to www.lifewater.org can browse our website without providing any personal information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, and phone number
Billing Information such as credit card number and billing address
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, and password
We use this information to:
Fulfill your donation
Send you a donation confirmation
Send you requested product or service information
Respond to customer service requests
Administer your account
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Respond to your questions and concerns
Choice / Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at info@lifewater.org.
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may also disclose your personal information
as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Data Collection and Use
We may collect the following categories of information on our website and use them for the purposes explained below.
Website activity: Data about your browsing activity on our website
Device and browser information: Technical information about the device or browser you use to access our website. For example, your device’s IP address, and (in the case of mobile devices) your device type and mobile device’s unique identifier such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID
We use this data to:
prevent potential fraud and enforce our Terms of Service
customize, measure, and improve our website and services
deliver targeted marketing to you
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
The Lifewater website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. We may use cookies, for example, to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
Third Party Cookies
Visitors to the Lifewater website may also have cookies placed on their browser by third parties, such as AdRoll, for targeting advertising purposes.
Opting-Out
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling the targeted ads you receive and how we use your data:
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by AdRoll or other third parties: You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by AdRoll on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon in the corner of the ads or by clicking here. Please note that, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt out on each browser or device. If you opt-out we may collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it won’t be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by AdRoll or other advertising companies: AdRoll is also a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Codes of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt out tool here, which will allow you to opt out of seeing targeted ads from AdRoll and from other NAI approved member companies.
AdRoll also complies with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website here.
Please note that when using the ad industry opt-out tools described above:
If you opt-out we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it won’t be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.
If you use multiple browsers or devices you may need to execute this opt out on each browser or device.
Other ad companies’ opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out.
Web Beacons
Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Lifewater International. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any web site you visit.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us using the Contact Information provided below. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our web site, you can contact us at info@lifewater.org.
Transaction Security
The personal information collected when you make a contribution or purchase items by credit card is kept for the purposes of tracking your order and to provide a receipt of the transaction. This information is stored on an encrypted, secure server managed by a third-party commercial credit card processing institution.
Customer Testimonials / Comments / Reviews
We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer’s consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
Correcting, Deleting, and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update or delete your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at info@lifewater.org. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
You can contact us by writing or email us at the address below:
Lifewater International
PO Box 3131 San Luis Obispo, CA 93403
805.541.6634
info@lifewater.org