https://www.uucpa.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Unitarian Universalist Church of Palo Alto
505 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, CA 94306
Directions
650-494-0541
uucpa@uucpa.org
Transforming Ourselves, Each Other, and the World
Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram
Calendar
Directions
Search
Give
Contact
UUCPA is closed to in-person events. Events may be canceled or held online. For more information see the COVID-19 FAQ.
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Unitarian Universalist Church of Palo Alto, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: uucpa@uucpa.org
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include: name, address, phone number, email address, credit card numbers). We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at web@uucpa.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than the Unitarian Universalist Church of Palo Alto. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
About UsMember Testimonials
Our History
Our Mission and Vision
Our Beliefs
About Unitarian Universalism
UU Principles and Sources
Kids Principles
Our Symbol: The Flaming Chalice
Our Ministers and Staff
Covenant of Shared Ministry
Rev. Amy’s Writing
Rev. Dan’s Writing
Our Elected Leaders
UUCPA Conflict Resolution Team
Committee and Governance Meetings
Our Governance
Annual Budget
Board Meeting Minutes
Bylaws
Committees
Voting by proxy or by absentee ballot at UUCPA Congregational Meetings
An LGBTQ Welcoming Congregation
A Green Sanctuary
Our Gardens
Location
Accessibility of Building and Programs
Rental of our Building
Contact
Website Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
NewsiPad Zoom TipWinter Holiday Events 2020Family-friendly Holiday ActivitiesUndie Sundays – Donations requested through Dec 8Post-Auction Buying
Calendar
<<
Dec 2020
>>
SMTWTFS
29
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2