https://www.ans.org/about/policies/privacy/
Log In/Create an Account
Join ANS|Member Center|ANS Store|Contact Us
AboutANS
Membership
Meetings
Publications
Standards
PublicInformation
Communities
Honors &Awards
NuclearCareers
Advertising
Home / About / Policies / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the American Nuclear Society ("ANS") privacy policy applicable to any site containing the URL ans.org and any other web sites operated by ANS (collectively referred to as the "ANS Web sites") from time to time. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as well as the Agreement and Terms of Use applicable to use of the ANS Web sites.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can send us an e-mail at nucleus@ans.org, call us at 708-352-6611, or write us at:
American Nuclear Society555 N. Kensington AveLa Grange Park, IL 60526
Overview
ANS values individual privacy, and we want to give visitors to the ANS Web sites the opportunity to know what information we collect about them, what we do with that information, and how they can limit the use of personally identifiable information beyond the purposes for which they first provided it. At all times, however, ANS reserves the right to disclose information where required by law or to comply with valid legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order), to protect ANS's rights or property, including without limitation in the event of a transfer of control of ANS or substantially all of its assets, or during emergencies when safety is at risk.
ANS reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at its discretion with or without providing notice to users of the ANS Web sites. Whenever we change this Privacy Policy, however, we will endeavor to give users of the ANS Web sites reasonable notice by posting a notice on the home page of www.ans.org. Since these policy change notices last only for a limited time, you should check this Privacy Policy regularly to see if there have been any changes.
Data We Collect and How We Use It
We do not collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number or e-mail address, if you are only browsing the ANS Web sites and do not interact for any online product or service from ANS. We do, however, collect certain non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to the ANS Web sites, as described more fully below.
We will collect and retain certain personal information from you when needed to process your transactions (including purchases of goods and services), fulfill your requests for information, allow you to access certain services or areas of the ANS Web sites, or maintain our membership records. The type of personal information we collect will vary but may include your name, contact information (address, phone number, billing and delivery information, e-mail address), credit card or other financial account information, and other demographic information. The type of information you provide will determine the personal information that is collected.
If you purchase a product or service at any of the ANS Web sites, we will not give out your credit card number or other financial account information to third parties unless you authorize us to do so, or it is necessary to fulfill our responsibilities with respect to the transaction, including but not limited to delivering a product or service you order.
Our online member directory contains specific personal and professional information, depending on the information you provide to ANS through your membership application or updates to your online profile. Access to online member directory information is available only to ANS members. However, we may occasionally provide limited member data to third parties, including companies that offer products and services related to nuclear science and technology information to ANS members. We do not provide e-mail addresses to third parties for any commercial purpose.
We do collect and store information that does not identify you personally when you visit the ANS Web sites, including but not limited to: the name of the domain and host from which you access the ANS Web sites; the Internet protocol address used to access the ANS Web sites; the date and time you access the ANS Web sites; and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to the ANS Web sites. We use this information to track and analyze traffic to the ANS Web sites, including the number of visitors and which pages are viewed by visitors, and to help us improve the ANS Web sites. We may also share this information in aggregate with advertisers and sponsors to determine advertising effectiveness.
Like most web sites, we employ cookies to assist users to more efficiently use the ANS Web sites. A "cookie" is a string of information that is sent by a web site and stored on a user's computer. Cookie information is used only by ANS and our service providers, and is not provided to other organizations. You may block cookies by modifying the cookie option in your browser's settings, but doing so may inhibit certain features or services of the ANS Web sites from being accessible or functioning properly.
E-mail Policy
Your e-mail address will be used only by ANS. We do not share, sell or rent e-mail addresses to anyone outside ANS. We sometimes collect specific information on e-mail responses, such as how many recipients open an e-mail or choose to click through to links provided in the e-mail message. This information is used solely within ANS to analyze areas of interest and to enhance our products, services, and the ANS Web sites. None of this information is sold or distributed outside ANS. You can manage your e-mail preferences, including opt-out preferences, in the ANS Member Center.
Sharing Personal Information
ANS may share limited member data, including postal address (but not e-mail address), to third parties, including companies that offer products and services related to nuclear science and technology
to ANS members. This includes, for example, companies that offer products and services to members through ANS affinity programs. In addition, ANS may share limited personal information (but not e-mail address) of registered ANS meeting attendees with convention exhibitors. ANS also hires vendors to perform certain services for ANS, such as packaging and mailing purchases, printing, and sending postal mail. We provide only the information these companies need to perform these services.
As an ANS member, if you prefer to receive mailings from ANS only and do not wish to receive mailings from these other organizations, you may have your name and address removed from the lists. To do so, please visit the ANS Member Center and update your member preferences to be excluded from third-party mailing opportunities.
Security
ANS uses up-to-date technology to keep any information you provide as secure as possible. We also have in place privacy protection control contractual obligations with our vendors designed to ensure that personal information is protected from unauthorized access or disclosure. ANS employees are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of personally identifiable information and are subject to disciplinary action for any breach, up to and including termination. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, and despite our efforts, ANS cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services.
Children Under the Age of 13
We do not knowingly solicit data online from or market online to children under the age of 13.
Advertisers on the ANS Web sites
Some of the ANS Web sites may contain advertisements or links to an advertiser's web site. We do not control the web sites of third parties reached through links on the ANS Web sites or their information collection practices, and ANS will not be responsible for the activities of these third parties. We encourage you to review the terms of use and privacy practices of all web sites you visit.
The ANS Web sites may also include links to third-party organizations that offer products and services, to members and other users of the ANS Web sites. ANS does not control the privacy practices of these other organizations or what they do with any information you may provide them through their web sites. We encourage you to review the terms of use and privacy policies of these other web sites before providing any personal information.
Last updated April 29, 2013, 9:51pm CDT.
Home|Contact Us|Invoice Payment|Nuclear Links
Privacy Policy|Terms of Use