http://www.cirp.org/library/legal/brigman/
THE CIRCUMCISION REFERENCE LIBRARY
Journal of Family Law
University of Louisville School of Law
Volume Twenty-three
1984-85
Number
Three
CIRCUMCISION AS CHILD ABUSE: THE
LEGAL AND CONSTITUTIONAL ISSUES
by William E. Brigman*
I.   INTRODUCTION
The maltreatment of children is as old as recorded
history. Infanticide, ritual sacrifice, exposure,
mutilation, abandonment, brutal discipline and the near
slavery of child labor have existed in all cultures at
different periods, and have been justified by disparate
beliefs - that they were necessary to placate a god, to
expel spirits, to maintain the stability of a race or
simply to inculcate learning. Practices viewed today as
victimizing children were accepted for long periods in
civilized communities as "in the best interest" of
society. The Spartans with their exposure of infants,
the English and New England owners of factories partly
"manned" by children of eight or ten, the Southern
slave owners, were all convinced that their treatment
was beneficial to the community and perhaps to the
children themselves.1
Despite the great concern about child abuse among scholars
and legislators in the past twenty years, the same type of
cultural astigmatism which prevented past generations from
perceiving their actions as child abuse prevent contemporary
Americans from perceiving or acknowledging the most
widespread form of child abuse in society today: child
mutilation through routine neonatal circumcision of males. In
a society in which over 89% of all males are circumcised
within a few hours of birth, it may be difficult to conceive
of circumcision as mutilation. However, from the perspective
of a neutral outsider, neonatal circumcision is as barbarous
as female circumcision, the removal of earlobes, fingers or
toes, the binding of infant female feet or other disfiguring
practices around the world.
Since circumcision is not medically warranted, has no
significant physiological benefits, is painful because it is
performed without anesthesia and leaves a wound in which
urinary salts burn, carries a significant risk of surgical
complications, including death, and deforms the penis, it
would seem that as a nonaccidental physical injury, it is
properly included in the definition of child abuse. This
paper will examine the medical and psychological case against
routine neonatal circumcision and will discuss the potential
legal and constitutional barriers to treating the practice as
child abuse.
II.   HISTORY AND PRACTICE OF CIRCUMCISION
Male circumcision has three forms 1) simple circumcision,
which involves only the removal of the foreskin or prepuce;
2) subincision (also known as ariltha), found among the
Australian aborigines, which involves longitudinally cutting
the urethra from the glans to the scrotum and opening the
urethral canal, giving the penis a flat and sometimes
bifurcated appearance; and 3) superincision, used in
Polynesia, which involves cutting the preputium from the
upper surface and extending the cut to the pubic region.2
While male circumcision is a relatively common practice,
female circumcision of various types is not so widespread; it
is not surprising that such mutilation is normally found only
in preliterate societies.3
Circumcision may be the oldest form of surgery.4 The Egyptians,
who probably acquired the practice from African tribes,
practiced circumcision as early as 4000 B. C. In the Jewish
religion, the origin of circumcision is attributed to
Abraham, who established a "blood covenant" with God through
circumcision. The practice is also part of the pre-Islamic
Arabic tradition and became a near prerequisite to becoming a
Moslem. The practice is very widespread and is unknown only
to Indo-Germanic people, the Mongols, and non-Moslem
Finno-Ugrian races. Circumcision, although known, is not
widely practiced in India.5
Anthropologists,6 psychologists, and
psychiatrists7 have offered a variety of
explanations for the practice: enhanced or decreased sexual
performance, societal prestige, sacrifice to fertility gods,
tribal signs, tests for endurance, reincarnation, and
hygienic reasons. However, with the exception of Jews, for
whom circumcision has long been a tribal sign, widespread
circumcision in the United States appears to be largely a
late nineteenth century development. For non-Jews, it serves
neither as a means of tribal integration, or separation and
identification, non as an initiation to establish male
identity. The customary justification for the mutilation is
hygienic, but it seem to have been primarily grounded in the
anti-masturbation hysteria of the late 1800s. It was feared
that the boy with a foreskin which had to be pulled back
while cleaning would learn to masturbate - a practice widely
believed to lead to insanity and numerous other
illnesses.8
With the blessing and active cooperation of the medical
profession, removal of the foreskin of newborns became part
of standard hospital practice. The exact number of neonatal
circumcisions performed each year is unknown since there is
no systematic record is kept of ritual, religious or medical
circumcisions. However, informed estimates are that 80% to
90% of all male infants are routinely circumcised. For
example, George Washington University Medical Center reported
that 79% of male infants were circumcised between 1978 and
1980;9 the
largest hospital in Salt Lake County, Utah, reported an
average circumcision rate of 92% from 1975 to 1979;10 and a survey
of physicians in 1981 found that 80% of them believed that
over 90% of their male patients were circumcised.11
III.   THE CASE AGAINST ROUTINE NEONATAL CIRCUMCISION
Although physicians were early proponents of circumcision for
hygienic reasons, the preponderance of medical opinion today
is opposed to the practice. A major development in the move
away from routine circumcision occurred in 1949 when
The British Medical Journal published a study by Dr. Douglas
Gairdner which informed physicians that it was perfectly
normal for an infant's prepuce to be nonretractable for up to
four years and that nonretractability of the foreskin was
therefore not a justification for circumcision.12 Not only is
routine surgery unwarranted, but an article published in
1966 in The Canadian Medical Association Journal
reported a complication rate running as high as 55% for
hospital performed routine neonatal circumcisions.13 Other
studies showed that approximately 10% of all circumcisions
had to be repeated.14 While most of the surgical
complications were minor, Dr. Robert L. Baker, writing in a
1979 issue of Sexual Medicine Today calculated
that 229 infants died in the United States as a result of
circumcision.15
In 1970 the Journal of the American Medical
Association published a well-documented study entitled
Whither the Foreskin? which concluded that
"circumcision of the newborn is a procedure that should no
longer be considered routine."16 The following year the Committee on the Fetus
and the Newborn of the American Academy of Pediatrics
concluded that there were no valid medical reasons for
routine neonatal circumcision. That position was reaffirmed
by its Ad Hoc Task Force on Circumcision.17 The
British Medical Journal, which had give birth to
the movement with its 1949 article, officially stated The Case Against
Circumcision in May 1979. It pointed out that
while over 80% of American males are circumcised, only 6% of
male infants in England and Wales undergo the practice and
that circumcision is virtually unknown in Scandinavia, with
no adverse effects seen in the unshorn.18
Amazingly, it has been argued that the infant suffers little
or no pain in the circumcision process. The evidence which is
offered is that in the ritual Jewish circumcision, the
infant, who is given an alcohol teat during surgery, cries
little and almost immediately goes to sleep. That argument
shows an ignorance of the effects of alcohol on infants and
fails to acknowledge that "sleep" may be response to pain.
Studies of infants circumcised in hospitals show that the
surgery is physiologically stressful. Talbert and others examined
adrenal-cortical response to circumcision and found responses
congruent with severe stress.19 Three studies of non-REM
sleep patterns following circumcision of infants lead to the
same conclusion.20 Although there is some
disagreement as to the effect of the intervening variable of
wakefulness (itself a stress indicator), the studies clearly
demonstrate a pattern of sleep disorganization consistent
with major stress.
The potential long-term physiological and psychological
consequences of circumcision are not known.
This lack of information is particularly
troubling, since the human brain is especially vulnerable
to both exogenous and endogenous influences during the
interval from the latter part of pregnancy to about 18
months of age. Since animal studies reveal long-term
behavioral, physiological, anatomical and
neuro-pharmacological effects of minor events in early
life, the effects of circumcision on newborns should not
be considered short-lived in the absence of evidence to
the contrary.21
There are no adequate studies of the effect of circumcision
on later sexual performance and attitudes. In a 1959 study, Dr. Winkelmann
of the Mayo Clinic contended that the foreskin itself is a
specific type of erogenous zone and that its removal was
significant:
[T]he specific type of erogenous zone is found in
the mucocutaneous regions of the body. Such specific
sites of acute sensation in the body are the genital
regions, including the prepuce, penis, clitoris, and
external genitalia of the female, and the perianal skin,
lip nipple and conjunctiva. It is the special anatomy of
these regions that requires the use of the term
"specific" when one speaks of erotic sensations
originating in the skin. This anatomy favors acute
perception.
Similarly, Dr. Foley
argues that "after circumcision when the glans is exposed to
soiled diapers and rough clothing, this membrane becomes ten
times thicker, and the free nerve-endings disappear. The
surface becomes covered with an adherent layer of dead cells,
rough dry and insensitive."23
To the contrary, however, Masters and Johnson found no
significant differences in sensitivity of thirty-five
non-circumcised and thirty-five circumcised males of similar
ages. "Routine neurologic testing for both exterceptive and
light tactile discrimination were conducted on the ventral
and dorsal surfaces of the penile body with particular
attention directed toward the glans. No clinically
significant difference could be established between the
circumcised and uncircumcised glans...."24
Even if the findings of Masters and Johnson are accepted as
conclusive, they merely establish that later sensitivity of
the glans is not diminished. Their findings do not reach the
critical objection that routine circumcision at birth is an
unwarranted cruelty.
IV.   CONSTITUTIONAL AND
LEGAL ISSUES
Since circumcision is medically unwarranted mutilation and
disfigurement, it would appear to be a clear case of child
abuse. A literal reading of criminal statutes gives that
impression since mayhem, assault and battery, even when
committed by parents or physicians are punishable crimes in
every state criminal code. Furthermore, child abuse, commonly
defined as the intentional, non-accidental use of physical
force that result in injury to a child., is universally
proscribed by state law. The California law is typical: "
`[C]hild abuse' means a physical injury which is inflicted by
other than accidental means on a child by another
person."25 The code goes on to
state:
[A]ny person who wilfully inflicts upon any child
... injury resulting in a traumatic condition is guilty
of a felony, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by imprisonment in the state prison for 2, 3, or
4 years or in the county jail for not more than one
year.26
However,
before it can be concluded that the state can, should, or has
already outlawed the practice of circumcision through the
adoption of general criminal statutes or child abuse
statutes, the contemporary state of child abuse law and the
social and religious views toward circumcision necessitate
analysis of several major constitutional and legal issues,
including the constitutional rights of parents, the nature of
the family, and the right to privacy.
A.   The Constitutional Rights of Parents
and Family Autonomy
Parental rights to the custody and control of their minor
children are as old as civilization itself. Thomas Aquinas
used the education of one's offspring as one of the most
obvious examples of the operation of natural law.27 Modern
judges refer to parents' custodial rights as "sacred," as a
matter of natural law," 28 and as inherent natural
rights, for the protection of which, just as much as for the
protection of the rights of the individual to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness, our government is formed."29
Because the right to bear children is so basic, some believe
it antedates the state.
Our political system is superimposed on and
presupposes a social system of family units, not just of
isolated individuals. No assumption more deeply underlies
our society than the assumption that is the individual
who decides to raise a family, with whom to raise a
family, and, in broad measure, what values and beliefs to
inculcate in the children who will later exercise the
rights and responsibilities of citizens and heads of
families.
...
...[T]he family unit does not simply co-exist
with our constitutional system; it is an integral part of
it. In democratic theory as well as practice, it is the
family that children are expected to learn the values and
beliefs that democratic institutions later draw on to
determine group directions. The immensely important power
of deciding about matters of early socialization has been
allocated to the family not the government.30
For
this reason, as well as because of the historical exclusion
of family matters from the concern of the state, there has
been great reluctance on the part of the courts to become
involved in family governance. The position is well stated by
the New York Court of Appeals:
The court cannot regulate by its processes the
internal affairs of the home. Disputes between parents
when it [sic] does not involve anything immoral or
harmful to the welfare of the child must be left to the
conscience, patience, and self restraint of the father
and mother. No end of difficulties would arise should
judges try to tell parents how to bring up children. Only
when moral, mental and physical conditions are so bad as
to seriously affect the health and morals of children
should the courts be called upon to act.31
The rights of parents to the care and custody of their
children is not expressly stated in the Constitution.
However, the United States Supreme Court has upheld the
fundamental rights of family integrity and recognized that
there exists a private realm of family life beyond state
control. Significantly, the Court has not yet decided a case
which it perceived as presenting a clear conflict between the
rights of the parent and the child.
Many of the cases which uphold parental rights are based upon
a preference for traditional parent-controlled family life
and involve parental rights to control the education of the
their children. The first major case was Meyer v. Nebraska32 in which the
Court, in striking down a law prohibiting the teaching of
German in the public schools, specifically addressed the
rights of parents to control their children's education. The
Court held that the due process clause of the fourteenth
amendment included the right to "marry, establish a home, and
bring up children."33 Two years later in Pierce v. Society of
Sisters,34 the Court struck down an
Oregon compulsory school- attendance law which effectively
outlawed private schools. Justice McReynolds, speaking for
the Court, argued that "the child is not the mere creature of
the State; those who nurture him and direct his destiny have
the right, coupled with the high duty, to recognize and
prepare him for additional obligations."35
In one of the few non-education, non-religious cases touching
on parental rights, May v. Anderson,36 the Supreme
Court stated that one of the most fundamental rights in the
"immediate right to the care, custody, management and
companionship of minor children."37 Using this logic, the Court
held that a sister state did not have to honor an ex parte
Wisconsin divorce decree.
In Ginsberg v. New York38 a majority
of the Court justified a law prohibiting the sale of
pornography to a minor on the grounds that the law
supplemented parental guidance which was not always present.
In clear obiter dicta it stated that "[c]onstitutional
interpretation has consistently recognized the parents claim
to authority in their own household to direct the rearing of
their children is basic to the structure of society."39 Since the
Court could have easily upheld the law without reference to
parental authority, the dicta serve as an indication of the
depth of judicial feeling on the subject of parental
rights.
Perhaps the strongest statement by the Supreme Court is found
in Stanley v. Illinois40 which struck
down a state law depriving fathers of the custody of their
illegitimate children after the death of the mother. The
Court noted that it had
frequently emphasized the importance of the
family. The rights to conceive and raise one's children
have been deemed "essential," Meyer v.
Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390,399 (1923). "basic civil
rights of man," Skinner v. Oklahoma, 316
U.S. 535, 541 (1942), and "[r]ights far more precious ...
than property rights," May v. Anderson, 345 U. S. 528,
533 (1953). "It is cardinal with us that the custody,
care, and nurture of the child reside first in the
parents, whose primary obligations the state can neither
supply nor hinder." Prince v.
Massachussetts, 321 U.S. 158, 164 (1944). The
integrity of the family unit has found protection in the
Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment,
Meyer v. Nebraska, supra, at 399, the Equal
Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment,
Skinner v. Oklahoma, supra, at 541, and the
Nineteenth Amendment, Griswold v.
Connecticut, 381 U. S. 479, 496 (1965) (Goldberg,
J. concurring).41
Stanley made it very clear that the mere
assertion of a parens patriae interest in the protection of
the child was insufficient to warrant abridgement of parental
rights unless the potential harm to the child was
significant. The opinion in Griswold v.
Connecticut,42 which gave married couples
access to contraceptive devices and information, is based on
the constitutional status of the family as well as the right
to privacy:
Certainly the safeguarding of the home does not
follow merely from the sanctity of property rights. The
home derives its pre-eminence from the seat of family
life. And the integrity of that life is something so
fundamental that it has been found to draw to its
protection the principles of more than one explicitly
granted Constitutional right.... The entire fabric of the
Constitution and the purposes that clearly underlie its
specific guarantees demonstrate that the right to marital
privacy and to marry and raise a family or of similar
order and magnitude as the fundamental rights
specifically protected.43
The
relationship of the right to privacy to the circumcision
issue will be addressed in Section C of this discussion.
The generalized claims of parental constitutional rights have
not been without challenge; courts at all levels of the
judicial heirarchy have occasionally intruded into the family
relationship to protect children. The most important Supreme
Court cases reflecting state and judicial intervention are Prince v.
Massachussetts,44 and the cases involving the
rights of teenage females to have abortions.45 In
Prince, the Court sustained the conviction of a
Jehovah's Witness for violating a state law prohibiting
street solicitation by children. The Court explicitly
rejected the mother's due process and religious freedom
arguments. It also refused to accept the mother's claim on
behalf of the nine year old girl who had enthusiastically
volunteered to sell religious tracts in public streets. While
acknowledging that there were "sacred private interests"
associated with the mother's claims, the Court held that the
state had the power to limit parental control in the interest
of children. The essence of the opinion is captured in the
statement that "[p]arents may be free to become martyrs
themselves. But it does not follow they are free ... to make
martyrs of their children before they have reached the age of
full and legal discretion when they can make that choice for
themselves."46
On first impression, Prince v. Massachusetts
appears to have been significantly narrowed in 1972 by Wisconsin v. Yoder47 which upheld
Amish parents' rights to refuse to educate their children
beyond the eighth grade. The freedom of parents to impose
their values on their children, which had been significantly
narrowed in Prince, was very broadly restated in
Yoder, especially when those parental values are
based on a strong and distinct religious belief. Implying
that the Court might have taken a different view if it had
not been convinced of the sincerity of the parents' beliefs,
Chief Justice Burger relied heavily on Pierce
and the "history and culture of Western civilizations [which]
reflect[s] a strong tradition of parental concern for the
nurture and upbringing of their children."48
Under Yoder, parental authority and discretion
may be challenged only "if it appears that parental decisions
will jeopardize the health or safety of the child, or have a
potential for significant social burdens."49 The
Yoder Court specifically pointed to the
Georgetown College case,50 which allowed the giving of a
transfusion contrary to the wishes of the parents, as an
example of the kind of situation in which child jeopardy
might warrant interference with parental authority.
Is the assertion of parental rights in Wisconsin v.
Yoder a barrier to state intervention to prevent
circumcision? The answer is a clear "no" in cases where
religious convictions are not involved. Yoder is controlling,
if at all, in those criminal cases in which
parents are being prosecuted for refusal to perform an act
which is contrary to their strongly held religious beliefs.
At most, Yoder creates an exception to the general rule
stated in Prince v. Massachussetts that parents
actions harmful to children are actionable in courts. The
heavy emphasis on the great sincerity and the exceptional
religious beliefs in Yoder clearly requires
limiting the case to similar situations.
Furthermore, the majority in Yoder explicitly
noted that the rights of the parents and not the rights of
the children were being decided:
Contrary to the suggestions of the dissenting
opinion ... our holding today in no degree depends on the
assertion of the religious interest of the child as
contrasted with that of the parents. It is the parents
who are subject to prosecution here for failing to cause
their children to attend school, and it is their right of
free exercise, not that of their children that must
determine Wisconsin's power to impose criminal penalties
on the parent.51
Because the Court explicitly refused to consider the rights
of the children involved in the controversy, or to determine
if their interests were contrary to those of their parents,
the Court effectively limited the precedential value of
Yoder to those cases where parents and their
children do not have conflicting interests.
Yoder was decided in a vacuum in which the harm
to the child was hypothetical or not established. The Court
seemed to assume, as Justice Douglas pointed out in dissent,
that all Amish children would remain in Amish communities
(although the evidence was to the contrary) and therefore
might not suffer detriment from the imposition of parental
values.
Such a conclusion, and as resultant avoidance of a
determination of children's rights, is not possible with
regard to circumcision. Once a child is subjected to
circumcision, painfully and medically unwarranted
disfigurement is inevitable, affecting every child on whose
behalf the choice is made. Moreover, the loss of education
can be at least partially remedied at a later point.
Circumcision is irreversible. These factors distinguish
circumcision from the denial of education involved in
Yoder and make the case inapplicable as a
precedent. Prince v. Massachussetts is
the controlling precedent, and parents who impose the
unnecessary pain and suffering of circumcision can be made
answerable to state law.
B.   Freedom of Religion
Assuming arguendo that the state can outlaw circumcision
under its general criminal laws and/or child abuse statutes,
must it provide a religious exception for members of those
religious sects for whom the practice is an essential part of
the religion? A specific analysis of this issue is necessary
because of the importance of circumcision in the Jewish and
Muslim religions. It requires the evaluation of the cases
decided under the religion clause of the first amendment to
determine the basis for which religious groups have been
granted exemptions from general law.
The first major constitutional conflict between the free
exercise of religion and secular law reached the Supreme
Court in Reynolds v. United States52 and involved
the prosecution of a Mormon for bigamy. The Court
distinguished between religious beliefs and religious
practices and ruled that while the government could not
interfere with religious beliefs, it could limit practices
performed in the name of religion that were harmful to
society. To rule otherwise, according to the Court would be
to "make the professed doctrines of religious belief superior
to the law of the land, and in effect to permit every citizen
to become a law unto himself."53
Since the Reynolds decision in 1878, the
belief-action dichotomy has been used to regulate activities
which the state thought harmful to the participants or to the
public. Thus, freedom of religion cannot be a pretext for
engaging in commercial fortune telling; it cannot be used as
a guide for the unlicensed practice of medicine despite the
sincere belief of its practitioners; it cannot be used to
void local anti-noise ordinances; it presents no protection
against prosecution for fraud other than to diminish intent;
and most relevant for our purposes, religious freedom has not
been an adequate defense against a state law specifically
outlawing the handling of poisonous and non-poisonous snakes
as an integral, essential part of a religious service.54
A second group of cases has involved attempts to force
Jehovah's Witnesses to comply with state laws on a variety of
subjects. In the first case to apply the free exercise clause
through the fourteenth amendment, Cantwell v.
Connecticut,55 the Supreme Court found that
a state could not prosecute a Jehovah's Witness for
soliciting money without a permit. In Board of Education v.
Barnette,56 the Supreme Court invalidated
statutes requiring Jehovah's Witness children to salute the
flag in public schools. The reasoning of the Court in the
Barnette case is important for the present discussion. The
Court found that the flag salute statute violated the
religious establishment and free exercise clauses of the
first amendment and emphasized that the refusal to
salute would have no effect on others. This impact
test is important and we will return to it later.
In the "Sunday Closing" cases,57 the Court upheld a group of
state laws which placed heavy economic burdens on Orthodox
Jews, Sabbatarians, and others whose religions already
required them to abstain from work on Saturday. Disagreeing
with a dissenting Justice Brennan, who argued that the Sunday
closing laws required the religious to chose between their
business and their religion, the majority argued that the
laws did not make any religious practice illegal and simply
regulated secular activity. The Court admitted that the laws
placed a burden on some but it actually affected "only those
who believed it necessary to work on Sunday."58 The Court
argued that "[t]o strike down, without the most critical
scrutiny, legislation which imposes only an indirect burden
on the exercise of religion, i.e., legislation which does not
make unlawful the religious practice itself, would radically
restrict the operating latitude of the legislature.59 Thus the
essence of the Sunday Closing cases is that where the state
enacts a general law designed to advance legitimate secular
goals, the law is valid despite is indirect burden on
religious practices.
Implicit in the Sunday closing cases is the requirement that
the state use the least intrusive means to accomplish its
legitimate purpose. This principle was made explicit in Sherbert v. Verner60 which was
decided the same day the Supreme Court struck down required
Bible reading in the public school.61 Sherbert
involved a woman denied employment compensation because she
refused to take a job requiring her to work on her Sabbath.
In overturning the state policy, the Court set forth a
"compelling state interest" test which laws ever indirectly
limiting religious freedom must meet: "[I]t is basic that no
showing merely of a rational relationship to some colorable
state interest would suffice; in this highly constitutional
area, `[o]nly the gravest abuses, endangering the paramount
interests, give occasion for permissable limitation."62
Sherbert restates the rule set forth in the
Sunday Closing cases but the outcome is different: the
closing laws meet the "least intrusive means" test, but the
denial of unemployment compensation in Sherbert
could not. The state could have established an administrative
procedure to allow reasonable exception to the requirement
that a person must accept a job for which he or she is
qualified or lose benefits.
The "least intrusive means" rule has been used to limit other
state actions which have an indirect effect on religious
freedom. It was the basis of the decision by the California
Supreme Court that an ordinance making it illegal to possess
peyote was an unconstitutional limitation of the religious
freedom of the Navaho Indians.63 The California court
determined that peyote was such an integral part of the
religious ritual that the Navajos could not practice their
religion without it. Unlike the Mormon case where polygamy
was part of the religious belief but not part of the
ceremony, the use of peyote was essential to the Navajo
ceremony and therefore indispensable. The result of enforcing
the peyote law would have been to terminate the religious
practice and perhaps the religion itself.
The Sherbert least-intrusive doctrine also
assisted the Amish, who relied very heavily on it in
Wisconsin v. Yoder.64 The Amish successfully argued
that the essential element of their faith was individual
salvation achieved through a religious community separate
from the outside world. Since the Amish religion, by its very
nature, must be pervasive in the lives of its adherents, to
prevent the Amish parents from withdrawing their children
from public schools would have the effect of destroying the
religion itself. The Supreme Court agreed:
The essence of all that is said and written on the
subject is that only those interests of the highest order
and those not otherwise served can overbalance the
legitimate claims to the free exercise of religion. We
can accept it as settled, therefore. that however strong
the State's interest in universal compulsory education,
it is by no means absolute to the exclusion or
subordination of all other interests.65
The
Court was convinced that the non-public-school education of
Amish children was adequate and therefore the exemption would
not gravely undermine the legislative purpose. Citing
Sherbert, the Court said:
A regulation neutral on its face may, in its ap-
plication, nontheless offend the constitutional
requirement for government neutrality. if it unduly
burdens the free exercise of religion. ... By preserving
doctrinal flexibility of the Religion Clauses "we have
been able to chart a course that preserved the autonomy
and freedom of religious bodies while avoiding any
semblance of established religion. This is a tight rope
and one we have successfully traversed."66
Yoder appears to provide a constitutional
framework for setting aside an objectively legitimate state
law so that a religious group can follow the dictates of its
conscience. The Court seems to be saying that
despite the needs of contemporary society, there
is apparently room under the Constitution for those
religions whose tenets dictate that they not depart from
the past. The holdings puts religion and conscience on a
firmer constitutional pedestal and raises interesting
implications for potential claims for exemption by future
religious groups.67
Since the rite of circumcision is the sine qua
non of Orthodox Judaism, in somewhat the same sense
that isolation from the outside world is for the Amish,
Yoder appears to be a particularly apt precedent
in the circumcision controversy. Though it could be argued
that circumcision is merely an initiation rite and not a way
of life, and that Yoder is not a valid
precedent, that argument misapprehends the extreme importance
of circumcision to Orthodox Jews. It is difficult to
overstate the significance of the ceremonial rite of
circumcision. It is the token of the Covenant between God and
Abraham:
And God said unto Abraham: "and as for thee, thou
shalt keep My covenant, thou and thy seed after thee
throughout their generations. This is My covenant, which
you shall keep, between Me and you and thy seed after
thee: every male among you shall be circumcised. And you
shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskin; he
that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you,
every male throughout your generations...."68
The importance of the ritual for Orthodox Jews is evidenced
by the fact that it is one of the few acts permitted on the
Sabbath if the eighth day falls there, not withstanding the
prohibition of work and other activities on the Sabbath. Even
more compelling is the requirement for the circumcision of
dead infants:
[A]n infant who dies before circumcision, whether
within the eight days or thereafter, must be circumcised
at the grave, in order to remove the foreskin which is a
disgrace to him, but no benedictions should be pronounced
over this circumcision. He should be given a name to
perpetuate his memory and that mercy may be shown him
from Heaven to be included in the resurrection of the
dead, and that he may then have sufficient understanding
to recognize his father and his mother.69
Does the importance of circumcision in Orthodox Judaism
constitutionally necessitate an exception to a general anti-
circumcision statute? The answer is no. Despite the emphasis
in Yoder on the sincerity of Amish beliefs,
sincerity or intensity of belief cannot alone justify a
religious dispensation from compliance with general laws.
First, under the Constitution, the courts may not determine
the legitimacy or intensity of religious beliefs.70 Secondly,
even if it were constitutionally permissible, it is extremely
difficult to test or measure intensity of belief. How could a
court properly distinguish between the intensity of Orthodox
Jews' committment to circumcision and adherence to polygamy
by the early Mormons in Reynolds or to snake
handling in Hill v. Alabama?71 Even though
by highlighting the intensity of belief as a justification,
the Court in Wisconsin v. Yoder appears to offer
dispensation based on that intensity, the facts in
Yoder limit it to situations in which there is
no conflict between the rights of the parent and the rights
of the child.
Equally important, the Yoder Court notes that
the state may interfere with parental discretion. "if it
appears that parental decisions will jeopardize the health
and safety of the child, or have the potential for
significant social burdens."72 Although the example which
the Court uses to illustrate its point involves a life
threatening denial of a transfusion, the inclusion of
"significant social burdens" in the definition broadens it
considerably. To the extent that circumcision has potential
for creating such social burdens, then it seems susceptible
to state interference; moreover, circumcision can jeopardize
the health, safety or even life of the child, as explained in
Part III.
In short, there are two significant differences between the
denial of education by parents on religious grounds and the
religious rite of circumcision: (1) denial of education is at
least partly reversible, whereas the disfigurement caused by
removal of a body part is not, and (2) the physical pain and
suffering, with potentially significant surgical and general
health complications, inflicted on infants by circumcision is
not found in parents' denial of education to their adolescent
children.
Are these differences sufficient to prevent the creation of
an exception to the general laws prohibiting circumcision?
The answer to this question requires a judgment as to the
personal and societal costs of inflicting pain and suffering
on infants versus the value of maintaining a religious rite
which is considered essential by adherents to a specific
religion. The state can make an exception to application of
its laws, as several states have in exempting Christian
Scientists from child neglect laws,73 but such an exception is not
constitutionally required.
C.   The Right to Privacy
The constitutional right to privacy does not constitute a
barrier to treating circumcision as child abuse. Current
state child abuse statutes modify the traditional
physician-patient privacy privilege by requiring the
physician to report child abuse. The irony here is that it is
frequently physicians who are the perpertrators. If
circumcision is treated as a criminal act, the whole issue of
privacy ceases to have any meaning since the parties to an
illegal conspiracy cannot claim privacy protection. Moreover,
in the birth control and abortion cases basing the right to
treatment on privacy, the physicians were protecting the
right to privacy of their patients, not themselves.74 Privacy
rights are inappropriate to prevent state interference with
the parents decision to subject their child to circumcision
since the child is the patient not the parent. In Eisenstadt
v. Baird75 the Court ruled that the
right to be free from governmental intrusion is the right of
an individual, rather than a right granted to the family as
an entity.76
V.   REMEDIES
The previous sections have established that the
constitutional rights of parents, including freedom of
religion, are inadequate to prevent the states from using
their authority to treat circumcision as child abuse. The
extent to which laws presently in existence can be used to
prevent this practice is addressed next.
The most obvious way to proceed with enforcement of
circumcision prohibitions is though criminal prosecution
under existing state laws prohibiting assault and battery and
conspiracy to assault and batter. Every state presently has
laws which can be used for this purpose if circumcision is
construed as battery. However, it will be extremely difficult
to get a conviction, since circumcision is not culturally
acknowledged as child abuse at the present time.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions it may be difficult to
establish the requisite criminal intent.
For this reason, the civil law presently offers more fruitful
avenues of approach. Because there are "no medical
indications for routine circumcision,"77 the doctrine of informed
consent requires that parents be told that such surgery is
not required, that is is painful and that there are
significant rates of surgical complications. Failure to give
a complete explanation warrants a suit by parents, by the
child or by a next friend acting on the child's behalf.
Authorizing surgery on an infant after such a warning
conceivably opens the door to a subsequent suit by the child
against his parents. While state courts have been reluctant
to allow suits by children against their parents, there is a
growing trend to allow recovery where there is clear adverse
interest.78
Suits for damages against surgeons, hospitals, and
conceivably parents, are possible because
malice in the sense of ill will or a desire to
cause injury is not essential to sustain a recovery for
intentional wrongdoing. It is enough for the plaintiff to
show that the defendant knowingly and intentionally did
the act which caused the damage and that damage was
substantially certain to follow.79
The limitation posed by suits for negligence in this area is
the same as that in the criminal law: negligence, like crime,
is grounded in societally determined assumptions and
expectations. Additionally, in the case of civil suits for
circumcision, especially those cases without adverse medical
complications, it will be difficult to establish damages
other than pain and suffering. As a result, suits for damages
are not likely to be numerous or very fruitful.
The most promising approach would seem to be a civil rights
class action against hospitals designed to prevent routine
neonatal circumcision, that is, in cases where circumcision
is not medically warranted. A class action suit would focus
on the individuals most culpable since competent surgeons are
aware that routine neonatal circumcision is not good medical
practice. It would also have the advantage of avoiding the
constitutional issues of parental rights, as well as
religious issues, since the Orthodox Jewish circumcision
ceremony is not normally performed in medical centers by
medical personnel.
* Assistant Professor, specializing in the relationship of
law and society, public law and the American judicial
system. University of Houston - Downtown. B.A., 1958,
Ph.D., 1966. University of North Carolina.
1 Katz, Howe &
McGrath, Child Neglect Laws in America, 9
FAM. L. Q. 1,3 (1975).
2 See 3 ENCYCLOPEDIA OF RELIGION
AND ETHICS 659,660 (J.
Hastings ed. 1951).
3 Id. at 667-69.
4 See generally
id. at 670-80. See also Zimmerman, Orgin and
Significance of the Jewish Rite of Circumcision, 38
PSYCHOANALYTIC REV. 103 (1951); R. ROMBERG, CIRCUMCISION
(forthcoming); E. WALLERSTEIN, CIRCUMCISION: AN
AMERICAN HEALTH
FALLACY (1980).
5 3 ENCYCLOPEDIA OF RELIGION
AND ETHICS, supra note 2, at
659.
6 Kitahara, Social
Contact Versus Bodily Contact: A Qualitative Difference
Between Father and Mother for the Son's Masculine
Identity, 13 BEHAV'L. SCI. RESEARCH 273 (1978); Kitahara;
Significance of the Father for the Son's Masculine
Identity, 10 BEHAV'L. SCI. RESEARCH 1 (1975). (1975).
7 See B. BETTELHEIM, SYMBOLIC
WOUNDS (1954); S. Freud, Totem
and Taboo (1913) in BASIC
WRITINGS OF SIGMUND FREUD (A.
Brill ed. 1938); S. FREUD, NEW INTRODUCTORY
LECTURES ON PSYCHOANALYSIS (1933); T. REIK, RITUAL (1946);
Daly, The Psycho-biological Origins of
Circumcision, 31 INT'L J. PSYCHOANALYSIS
217 (1950); Nunberg, Circumcision and Problems of
Bisexuality, 28 INT'L J. PSYCHOANALYSIS
145 (1947).
8 E. WALLERSTEIN, supra note 4, at
13, 32-38; T. SZASZ. THE MANUFACTURE OF
MADNESS Ch. 11 (1970).
9 Letter to the Editor
from H. Bennet, M.D. 68 PEDIATRICS
750 (1981).
10 Letter to the Editor from L.
Osborn, M.D., id.
11 Osborn, Metcalf &
Mariani, Hygienic
Care in Uncircumcised Infants, 67 PEDIATRICS 365 (1981).
12 Gairdner, The Fate of the
Foreskin, 1949(2) BRITISH
MED. J. 1433.
13 Patel, The Problem of
Routine Circumcision, 95 CAN. MED. A. J. 576,
580 (1966).
14 Id.
15 Baker, Newborn Male
Circumcision: Needless and Dangerous, SEXUAL MEDICINE TODAY, Nov. 1979, at 35.
16 Preston, Whither the
Foreskin? A consideration of Routine Infant
Circumcision, 213 J.A.M.A. 1853, 1858 (1970).
17 Committee on the Fetus and
the Newborn, Report of the Ad
Hoc Task Force on Circumcision, 56 PEDIATRICS 610 (1975).
18 The Case Against
Neonatal Circumcision, 1979(1) BRIT. MED. J. 1163-64.
19 Talbert, Kraybill &
Potter, Adrenal
Cortical Response to Circumcison in the Neonate,
48 OB. & GYN. 208 (1976).
20 Anders & Chalemian, The Effects of
Circumcision on Sleep-Wake States in Human
Neonates, 36 PSYCHOSOMATIC
MED. 174 (1974); Brackbill,
Continuous Stimulation and Arousal Level in Infancy:
Effects of Stimulus Intensity and Stress, 46 CHILD DEV. 364 (1975);
Emde, Harmon, Metcalf, Koenig & Wagonfeld, Stress and Neonatal
Sleep, 33 PSYCHOSOMATIC
MED 491 (1971).
21 Grimes, Routine Circumcision
Reconsidered, 80 AM. J.
NURSING 108, 109 (1980).
22 Winkelmann, The Erogenous
Zones: Their Nerve Supply and its Significance,
34 PROC. STAFF
MEETINGS MAYO
CLINIC, Jan. 21, 1959, at 39.
23 Foley, The Unkindest Cut of
All, FACT MAGAZINE, July-Aug, 1966, at 3,7.
24 W. MASTERS & V. JOHNSON, HUMAN SEXUAL RESPONSE. 190
(1966).
25 CAL.
PENAL CODE
§ 11165(g) (West 1982).
26 CAL.
PENAL CODE
§ 273(d) (West Supp. 1984).
27 T. Aquinas, Summa
Theologica, Treatise on Law, Question 94, in 2 BASIC WRITINGS OF
SAINT THOMAS
AQUINAS 772 (A Pegis ed. 1945.
28 People ex rel.
Portnoy v. Strasser, 303 N.Y. 539, 542 104 N.E.2d 895,896
(1952).
29 Lacher v. Venus, 177 Wis.
558, 569-70, 188 N.W. 613-617 (1922).
30 Barzelay, The Forest
and the Trees: Roe v. Wade and Its Critics, 53
B.U.L. REV. 765, 772-73 (1973).
31 People ex rel.
Sisson v. Sisson, 245 A.D. 151, 155, 285 N.Y.S. 41, 44-45
(1936).
32 262 U.S. 390 (1923)
33 Id. at 399
34 268 U.S. 510 (1925)
35 Id. at 535.
36 345 U.S. 528 (1953).
37 Id. at 533.
38 390 U.S. 629 (1968).
39 Id. at 639.
40 405 U.S. 645 (1972).
41 Id. at 651.
42 381 U.S.
479 (1965)
43 Id. at 495
(Goldberg, J., concurring) (quoting Poe v. Ullman, 367 U.S. 497, 551-52. (1961)).
44 321 U.S. 158 (1944).
45 , Bellotti v. Baird, 443 U.S. 622 (1979); Carey v.
Population Serv. Int'l., 431 U.S. 678 (1977).
46 Prince, 321 U.S. at
170.
47 406 U.S.
205 (1972)
48 Id. at 232.
49 Id. at 234.
50 Application of President and
Directors of Georgetown College, 331 F.2d 1000 (D.C. Cir.)
cert. denied, 337 U.S. 978 (1964).
51 Yoder, 406 U.S.
at 230-31.
52 98 U.S. 145 (1878)
53 Id. at 167.
54 See Galanter,
Religious Freedom in the United States: A Turning
Point, 1966 WISCONSIN L.
REV. 217 for a discussion of these
and other cases.
55 310 U.S. 296 (1940).
56 319 U.S. 624 (1943).
57McGowan v. Maryland, 366 U.S. 42 (1961); Two Guys from
Harrison-Allentown, Inc. V. McGinley, 366 U.S.
582 (1961); Braunfeld v. Brown, 366 U.S. 599 (1961); Gallagher v. Crown
Kosher Mkt., 366 U.S. 617 (1961).
58 Braunfeld, 366
U.S. at 605.
59 Id. at 533.
60 374 U.S. 398 (1963).
61 School Dist. of Abington
Township v. Schempp, 374 U.S.
203 (1963).
62 Sherbert, 374
U.S. at 406 (Quoting Thomas v. Collins, 323 U.S. 516, 530.
(1944).
63 People v. Woody, 62 Cal 2d
889, 394 P.2d 813, 40 Cal, Reptr. 69 (1964).
64 406 U.S. 205 (1972).
65 Id. at 215.
66 Id. at 220-21
(quoting Walz v. Tax Comm'n, 397 U.S. 664,672 (1970).
67 Case Note, Wisconsin v.
Yoder: The Right to be Different - First Amendment
Exemption for Amish Under the Free Exercise Clause,
22 DEPAUL L.
REV. 539, 540 (1972).
68 Genesis 17:9-12
(Masoretic Text, Jewish Publication Society).
69 CODE
OF JEWISH LAW--KITZUR SHULHAN ARUH, ch. 163,
7 (S. Ganzfried 1963).
70 This condition is based on
United States v. Ballard, 322 U.S. 78 (1944). See
also B. SCHWARTZ, A COMMENTARY ON THE CONSTITITION OF THE
UNITED STATES.
pt. 3. "[I]t must be recognized that the neutrality
principle does generally foreclose any governmental inquiry
into the truth or falsity of religious belief, the good
faith of those adhering to those beliefs, or the extent to
which particular beliefs are in the public interest."
Id. at 657.
71 38 Ala. App. 404, 88 So. 2d.
880 (1956).
72 Yoder, 406 U.S.
at 233-34.
73 See e.g.,
ALA. CODE
§ 26-14-1(2)(1975 & Supp. 1984); ARK. STAT. ANN. § 42-807 (c)(1977 & Supp.
1983), IND. CODE ANN. §
31-6-4-3(a)(1)(d)(Burnss Supp. 1984); MINN. STAT. ANN. § 626.556 (West 1983).
74 In Griswold v. Connecticut,
381 U.S. 479 (1965), the Court stated
that the director of a birth control clinic and a physician
"have standinng to raise the constitutional rights of the
married people with whom they have a professional
relationship." Id. at 481.; see
also Eisenstadt v. Baird, 405 U.S. 438 (1972). In Doe. v. Bolton, 410 U.S. 179 (1973), an
abortion case, the physicians were given standing to sue
because of the possibility of a criminal suit against them.
Id. at 188. However there is nothing in the
opinion or any others which have been searched to suggest
that the physicians are entitled to a claim to the right of
privacy on their own behalf. They would have standing to
challenge the constitutionality of an anti-circumcision
ordinance, but would have to invoke others'
rights to privacy if the argument is based on those
grounds.
75 405 U.S. 438, 453 (1972).
76 Id. at 453.
77 American Academy of
Pediatrics, Committee on Fetus and Newborn, STANDARDS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
FOR HOSPITAL CARE OF NEWBORN INFANTS 65 (1977).
78 Binetti, The Child's
Right to "Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness":
Suits by Children Against Parents for Abuse, Neglect and
Abandonment, 34 RUTGERS L.
REV. 154 (1981). Surveys the present
legal situation and argues for enlarging children's right
to sue.
79 Kalina v. General Hospital,
18 A.D.2d 757, 235 N.Y.S.2d 808, 810 (1962)(Hepburn. J.,
dissenting)(quoting RESTATEMENT OF
TORTS 13, comment d)
Citation:
William E. Brigman. Circumcision as Child Abuse:
The Legal and Constitutional Issues, 23 J Fam Law 337
(1985).
(File revised 19 September 2006)
Return to CIRP
library
http://www.cirp.org/library/legal/brigman/