http://www.fairhavens.org/about/privacy/
Go to: Fair Havens Ministries | Family Camp | Retreat Centre | Outdoor Education | Stepping Stones
Home
About Us
Foundations
History
AGC
Protecting your Privacy
Ministries
Family Camp
Retreat Centre
Outdoor Education
Stepping Stones
Events
Women's Weekend Away
Friends
Registration Forms
Employment/Volunteering
Contact Us
Search
Donate Online
Blog
Location:
Home \ About Us \ Protecting your Privacy
Fair Havens Ministries is on Facebook!
Protecting your Privacy
Fair Havens Ministries is committed to protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information.  Any personally identifiable information about you is considered “Personal Information” and will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Identified Purposes
Fair Havens Ministries will only collect, use and disclose Personal Information for its own purposes: Employee, and Stepping Stones personal information is collected:
As required by government to process government forms
To be able to communicate with the staff member/Stepping Stones before, during and after their term at Fair Havens
To be able to interview the potential staff member/Stepping Stones
To be able to inform guests/parents/guardians/supervisors about the staff member/Stepping Stones that will be interacting with the guest during their stay at Fair Havens
To send follow up information about Fair Havens
For promotional purposes.
Camper personal information is collected:
To be able to communicate with the parent/guardian about the camper’s stay at Fair Havens  or Fair Glen Youth Camp
To be able to process payments
To be able to serve the campers needs before, during and after their stay, including health information
To send follow up information about Fair Havens or Fair Glen Youth Camp and
For promotional purposes
Friends and/or donors of Fair Havens/Fair Glen personal information is collected:
To be able to communicate with ministry of Fair Havens Ministries
To provide you with opportunities to be involved and support Fair Havens Ministries
For promotional purposes.
Consent
Your knowledge and consent of Fair Havens Ministries collection, use and disclosure of your personal information is important. We rely on the following action(s) by you as indications of your consent to our existing and future personal information practices:
Your express consent or acknowledgement contained within a written, verbal or electronic application process
Your consent solicited by Fair Havens Ministries for a specified purpose
Your receipt of this Privacy Policy, until you notify Fair Havens Ministries of a withdrawal of this consent
You may withdraw this consent at any time.  Fair Havens Ministries will inform you of the consequence of withdrawing your consent. You may withdraw your consent by letter or email (info@fairhavens.org: subject line “Removal of consent for personal information”).
Limited Collection and Retention of Personal Information
Fair Havens Ministries will only collect, use, or disclose personal information that is necessary for the Identified Purposes or as required by law. If we require personal information for any other purpose, you will be notified of the new purpose and subject to your consent, that new purpose will become an Identified Purpose. We will retain personal information only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the Identified Purposes.
Accuracy
Fair Havens Ministries will maintain your personal information as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is necessary for the Identified Purposes.
Safeguards
Fair Havens Ministries will protect your Personal information by security safeguards such as passwords and locked filing cabinets appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Safeguards will vary depending on the sensitivity, format, location, and storage of the Personal Information.
Accountability, Openness and Customer Access
Fair Havens Ministries is responsible for all Personal Information under its control and has designated a Privacy Officer who is accountable to Senior Management for Fair Havens Ministries compliance with this Privacy Policy.
A copy of this Privacy Policy (and any future updates) can be obtained from our website, www.fairhavens.org/privacy
If you have any question about this Privacy Policy or your Personal Information, please call us at 1-800-430-5059
Challenging Compliance
If you are not satisfied with Fair Haven’s response to a privacy related inquiry or complaint, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada during business hours at 1-800-282-1376 or at www.privcom.gc.ca.
concrete5 - open source CMS
© 2020 Fair Havens Ministries.
All rights reserved.									Sign In to Edit this Site