https://www.ncgv.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
North Carolinians Against Gun Violence values your support and are committed to protecting your privacy. We provide a safe environment for anyone who visits this website or makes a donation. The purpose of this statement is to share with you our policy concerning your privacy.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you visit our website, we collect some non-identifying basic information. This includes total number of visitors, pages viewed, and other non-identifying information. We use this aggregate information to improve our website and to make your experience as smooth as possible.When you make a donation online, we ask for your name, address, daytime phone, e-mail address, and credit card information.  We use your information to process your donation(s) and to verify credit card data.
Do we share your information?
We do not share any personal information, or information that can be used to identify specific donors, with any other organizations, except as required by law (i.e. the Internal Revenue System). We may disclose to third parties aggregate statistics regarding donations and membership numbers, but these statistics do not include any personally identifying information. The information given includes: total number of donors, total amount of donations for specific periods of time, and referring websites.Finally, we use one third-party financial institutions to process our credit card transactions. They receive the credit card number and other personal information of our donors only to verify credit card numbers and to process credit card transactions in a secure environment.When you make a donation online, we ask for your name, address, daytime phone, e-mail address, and credit card information.  We use your information to process your donation(s) and to verify credit card data.
How can you protect your personal information?
You can send anonymous donations simply by sending a money order to us at the address found at the bottom of this section. However, if you do not provide your name and address we will be unable to send you a tax-deductible receipt.If you would like to review your personal information and request corrections, please contact us using the contact information at the end of this section.Ability to Opt-out.  You may restrict our internal and our external use and/or sharing of your personal information by contacting us using the contact information at the end of this section. For example, you may request that we no longer communicate with you regarding our programs,.  You may opt-out at any time, and the option to opt-out applies to both online and offline donors.  Please include your full name, address, phone number, and e-mail address in your opt-out request, and indicate how you would like your information restricted.When you make a donation online, we ask for your name, address, daytime phone, e-mail address, and credit card information.  We use your information to process your donation(s) and to verify credit card data.