https://www.shepherd.coventry.sch.uk/website-policy
Website Policy
Child Protection Policy
The School operates the following policy on its website regarding the use of photographs, to ensure the privacy and safety of pupils at the school:
Where pupils are named, only their first names are given;
Where a pupil is named, no photograph of that pupil is displayed;
Where a photograph is used which shows a pupil, no name is displayed.
By observing these points, the school ensures that visitors to the website cannot link images of pupils to names of pupils.
The school follows a policy of seeking parents’ permission before using images which show pupils on the website.
No other private information about pupils is ever published on the website such as surnames or contact details.
Website Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
(1) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information about your visits to and use of this website;
Information about any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website;
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us, and/or leaving guestbook comments, and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications.
(2) Information about website visits
We may collect information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability, and for marketing purposes.
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you.
Most browsers allow you to refuse cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
(3) Using your personal data
Personal data submitted to this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website. In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to:
Improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
Provide other organisations with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(4) Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law;
In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(5) Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
(6) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(7) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites.
(8) Our contact details
Please see above for our contact details.
This Privacy Policy is based on a freely-available template created and distributed by website-law.co.uk.
Website Disclaimer
(1) Introduction
This disclaimer governs your use of our website; by using our website, you accept this disclaimer in full. If you disagree with any part of this disclaimer, do not use our website.
(2) Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all our intellectual property rights are reserved.
(3) Licence to use website
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website, provided that:
You must not republish material from this website (including republication on another website), or reproduce or store material from this website in any public or private electronic retrieval system;
You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit our website or material on our website for a commercial purpose, without our express written consent.
(4) Limitations of liability
The information on this website is provided free-of-charge, and you acknowledge that it would be unreasonable to hold us liable in respect of this website and the information on this website.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we not commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on this website is kept up-to-date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill).
Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising under this disclaimer or in connection with our website, whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise – including, without limitation, any loss of profit, contracts, business, goodwill, reputation, data, income, revenue or anticipated savings.
However, nothing in this disclaimer shall exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
(5) Variation
We may revise this disclaimer from time-to-time. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
(6) Entire agreement
This disclaimer constitutes the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersedes all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
(7) Law and jurisdiction
This notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, and any disputes relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
(8) Our contact details
Please see above for our contact details.
This disclaimer is based on a freely-available template created and distributed by website-law.co.uk.