http://www.ronaldhousedurham.org/privacy-policy/
About Us
Contact Us
Request a Room
About Us
Contact Us
Request a Room
Privacy Policy
Ronald McDonald House of Durham & Wake (RMH) is pleased to provide information about its privacy policy covering information collected both online and offline. Please be assured that RMH uses its best efforts regarding privacy protection and data security.
Types of Information Collected and How It Is Used
RMH gathers personal information, such as first and last names, home addresses, e-mail addresses, phone numbers and credit card numbers, only when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make a donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation.
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information, such as RMH updates or information regarding families served, the impact of gifts, events, volunteer opportunities, fundraising campaigns or major grant initiatives. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
Security of Donor Information
Donor information is stored within a donor management database within RMH. Access to the database is restricted to personnel with a legitimate business need to access or modify the information contained therin.
Sharing of Personal Information
Companies may be engaged by RMH to perform a variety of functions, such as assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our Internet sites, etc. Such companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform certain functions however, these companies may use such personal information only for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose.
Other than as provided in this privacy policy, RMH does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties.
RMH reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a public safety matter.
Access
You are in control of all personal information you provide to us. If, at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the following addresses: info@RMHDurhamWake.org or Ronald McDonald House of Durham & Wake, 506 Alexander Avenue, Durham, NC 27705.
In order to review any personal information we have about you or to ask us to delete that information or to stop further use of the information, please contact us through the email or postal address listed above. If you would like to unsubscribe from our email list, please use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our newsletter emails or contact us through the postal address listed above. It may take up to four weeks to remove you from all of our correspondences, if we have one in production when you request to be removed.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that an Internet site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow an Internet site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most Internet sites, RMH uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous, aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
You may use options in your Internet browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of the RMH website.
We use Google services, such as Google Analytics, as well as other third party vendors that place first-party and/or third-party cookies on a browser across our websites. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit their opt-out page. We also use Google AdWords “remarketing” to market our sites across the web. We place a cookie on a browser, and then Google reads these cookies and may serve an ad on a third party site. You may opt out of this ad serving on Google’s opt out page. If you are concerned about third-party cookies served by networks, you should also visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by RMH. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Payment Processing and Data Storage
RMH uses Greater Giving, Classy.org and Blackbaud products for payment processing and data storage. For information about payment processing, access control and data storage, please visit: Greater Giving, Classy.org and Blackbaud.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy was approved by the RMH Board of Trustees and became effective on August 17, 2016. From time to time, it may be necessary for RMH to change its privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. Rest assured, however, that changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.