https://www.injuriesandaccidents.com/resources/privacy-policy/
Close Menu
Menu
Call
Email
Visit
New York, NY
Astoria, NY
Search
Bus Accident
$5,000,000.00
A 12-year-old student who was traveling by New York City Transit ...
Learn More
Construction Site Accident
$2,000,000.00
A laborer who was involved in demolition of a large building ...
Learn More
Elevator Drop
$1,400,000.00
Elevator drop accident in a Queens hospital causing neck injury ...
Learn More
School Bus Accident
$1,400,000.00
School bus accident in the Bronx as the result of speeding, causing ...
Learn More
Legal Representation & Advice In:
Car Accident Cases
Construction Accidents
Lead Poisoning
Building and Property Liability
Sidewalk Trip and Fall
Slip and Fall
Medical Malpractice
Municipal Liability, Police Misconduct, Sidewalk, Bus & Train Accidents
Workplace Injuries & Workers’ Compensation
Head & Brain Injury
Wrongful Death
Dog Bites
View More Areas
Share This Page:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for www.injuriesandaccidents.com
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at lav@vrionedeslaw.com.
At www.injuriesandaccidents.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.injuriesandaccidents.com and how it is used.
The following is our Privacy and Spam Policy explaining how your personal information is treated. From time to time Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC may introduce additional information or offer new services that may affect this policy. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy and Spam Policy, please send an e-mail to lav@vrionedeslaw.com.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC only collects user-provided personally identifiable information. This information is provided when website visitors complete one of our online forms (examples include newsletter subscriptions or contact forms). The following list includes ways we collect personal information from our website visitors and the type of information collected:
GENERAL CONTACT FORMS: To contact Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC for the purposes of evaluating or engaging us for legal services, or to answer your questions, we utilize numerous forms throughout our site. Required information varies depending on the form and at most includes (i) full name, (ii) e-mail address and (iii) phone number. The provision of this information is mandatory in order to receive a response from Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC. The provision of the remaining information requested on the registration form is optional.
DO YOU SHARE MY INFORMATION?
Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC will not share, rent or sell your personally identifiable information with third parties. We may share your information with attorneys and/or law firms associated or affiliated with our firm in the furtherance of evaluating and/or the handling of the matter submitted. Please note that all information supplied to us or that we may in turn supply to our associated or affiliated counsel remains strictly confidential.
HOW DOES LEANDROS A. VRIONEDES, PC USE MY INFORMATION?
To arrange a free consultation with you and follow up via email or phone
To better respond to your individual requests and needs
To improve our customer service
To improve our website and marketing by using your information in aggregate with other subscribers to review the effectiveness of our marketing programs and analyze other general demographic trends
WHAT IF THERE ARE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY AND SPAM POLICY?
If we change our Privacy and Spam Policy, we will post those changes on our privacy page at. If at any point we decide to use personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice whether or not we use their information in this new manner. By default we will use information in accordance with the Privacy and Spam Policy under which the information was collected.
PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
Our website is not directed to children and we will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 18 to provide us with any personally-identifying information. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses and phone numbers) over the Internet. If you are under 18, please do not provide any information about yourself on this website.
SPAM POLICY:
Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC is strongly opposed to spam. We will only send e-mail to users that have explicitly requested to receive an e-mail from Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC.
WEB LINKS: This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy and spam policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy and Spam Policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
HOW CAN I OPT OUT?
If you have opted in and later desire to opt-out from further receiving any of Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC’s newsletters, you can make this change at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe URL embedded in our newsletter or by sending an e-mail with UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line to lav@vrionedeslaw.com. Be sure to use or indicate the e-mail address to be removed from the list.
HOW DO I CONTACT LEANDROS A. VRIONEDES, PC?
If you have any further questions or comments regarding the Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC.com website or this Privacy and Spam Policy, you may contact us at lav@vrionedeslaw.com or at:
Leandros A. Vrionedes, PC.com, Inc.
245 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1902
New York, New York 10016
Phone 212-889-9362
LEGAL DISCLAIMER: We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on our site.
Skip sidebar and go to footer
View Our TV Commercial
View Video Transcript
Video Transcript:
No one ever expects to need a lawyer.
But it’s what you can’t control that most impacts your life.
Unexpected circumstances can permanently change how you live. It’s the unforeseen that can make a victim of you.
There’s someone who can help.
There’s someone you can trust. Leandros A. Vrionedes, attorney at law.
For a free consultation, call 1-800-634-8144, or go to InjuriesandAccidents.com. We can make sense of it all.
Close Transcript
Submit Your Case
Name:
Email:
Phone:
Date:
Injuries:
Details of Accident:
Details of Accident
By submitting this form I acknowledge that contacting Leandros A. Vrionedes, P.C., Attorney at Law, through this website does not create an attorney-client relationship, and any information I send is not protected by attorney-client privilege.
protected by reCAPTCHA
Privacy - Terms
Client Testimonials
Leo Vrionedes is the best personal injury lawyer in NY City. He handles your case personally , answers all phone calls and emails same day... Read More
Marie C.
If you are looking for the best in personal injury lawyers, look no further! Leandros Vrionedes has all the qualities to make what could be a traumatic... Read More
RLG
Excellent experience! Leandros is excellent; he is the type of attorney you want on your side! Loved the individualized attention... Read More
Reyna
View More Testimonials