http://www.exitinternational.net/privacy-statement/
About Exit
About Us
Our Philosophy
Philip Nitschke
Tom Curran
Exit Remembers
Installations
Support Exit
Join Exit
Renew Membership
Membership
Donations
Bequests
Products
Test Kits
Books
DVDs
Newsletters
Recent E-News
Archived E-News
Recent newsletters
Archived newsletters
Programs
Online Workshops
Podcasts
Sarco
NuTech 2020
Pegasos
Exit Conferences
Livestreams
News
Forums
Exit Chapters
ACT & NSW
Canada
Victoria
NZ
QLD
Sth Aust
Tasmania
UK
West Aust
January 1, 2011
Privacy Statement
General
This policy sets out how Exit International manages information which it collects from you.
Exit International is bound by the National Privacy Principles which are contained in the Commonwealth Privacy Act and is compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  (effective 25 May 2018).
Information collected by Exit International
Exit International collects personal information on a double-opt-in system instigated by site users on their request. Data collected is limited to which includes (but is not limited to) your name, address, contact details, gender, age, occupation.
Exit International collects this information from you when you make an application for membership to Exit International, attend an Exit workshop or other meeting, phone Exit, or when you purchase a product from this website.
Use and disclosure of information collected by Exit International
Exit International may use this information as background in order to communicate with you in regard to Exit’s activities.
These activities include:
Mail or email delivery of monthly newsletter Deliverance
Opt-in subscription to the daily email news service
Notification of Exit workshops, and other events
Occasional member-based surveys
Other correspondence about Exit activities
Sharing of information collected by Exit International
Exit International does not share your information with external 3rd party organisations (other than upon request and with the same confidentiality rules with our sister organisation, Pegasos Swiss Association).
Storage and Security of your Information
Exit International maintains a secure, password operated, encrypted database for its membership, subscription, purchase records.  Exit International employs various technologies to prevent, as far as is reasonably possible, any unauthorised access, modification or disclosure of your information.
Your data is also stored on the Yudu publishing platform platform, on the Peaceful Pill forums (should you join) and in ecommerce services such as Stripe, Mollie and Godaddy. Each of these services provides built-in security. Google Analytics may also make use of aggregate data provided by you for the purpose of Exit better understanding, managing and planning for website traffic.
Access to your information
You can gain access to your information by written request. That request or any inquiry about Exit International’s privacy policy should be sent to contact@exitinternational.net
Exit International will endeavour to deal with your request or inquiry as soon as is reasonably possible.
Update of your information
If your information changes, please contact Exit International and Exit International will endeavour to update and correct the information. Exit International may also contact you from time to time to check that your information is still accurate.
Changes to policy
You should check this policy each time you use the Exit International website.  Exit International’s handling of any information it collects from you (including information previously collected) will be governed by the most current version of this policy.
The Peaceful Pill Handbook