https://www.boselaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
May 25, 2018
Thank you for visiting our website (the “Site”). This Site is operated by or for Bose McKinney & Evans LLP (“BME,” “we,” “our,” or “us”), a law firm headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. We respect your privacy, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, protect and share the personal data acquired by us through the Site. It also explains what rights you have to access or change your personal data. We collect and hold information in connection with our business and services as explained in more detail in this Privacy Policy.
Please also review our Terms of Use, which set forth your rights, obligations and restrictions regarding your use of the Site. By accessing or using the Site, you indicate that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.
The Site is not directed to children under the age of 18, and you may not use the Site if you are under the age of 18. You should not provide any information on the Site if you are under the age of 18.
How you can contact us:
Our contact details for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and any questions or inquiries you may have about your personal data are as follows:
Address: Bose McKinney & Evans LLP, 111 Monument Circle, Suite 2700, Indianapolis, IN 46204
Email: webmaster@boselaw.com
Telephone: 317-684-5000. Ask for the Chief Information Officer or Chief Marketing Officer.
What kind of personal data do we collect:
The information we collect from and about you may include:
Identity and contact data: personal data that you or others provide to us including name, job title, company details, email address, postal address and telephone number.
Marketing information: details about your subscriptions to newsletters, alerts, other marketing communications, and seminars or other events you attend.
Site usage statistics and technical data: information about your access to and interactions with the Site, including equipment used, IP addresses, geographical location, browser type, patterns of use, length of visit and browsing and navigation patterns. This information may be collected by a third-party website analytics service provider on our behalf and/or may be collected using cookies or similar technologies.
How do we collect and use the data:
We collect information about you when you provide information to us, and when we use automated means to collect information about your access to, use of, and interaction with the Site. We use this information for the legitimate purpose of performing the requested function or service, or providing the information that you requested. Where appropriate, we may rely on your consent to certain types of use.
Information you provide to us:
Subscriptions and Events: When you subscribe to our marketing communications or RSVP for an event, we collect your name, email address, and postal address. We process and use your information to send you the requested marketing communications and related alerts or updates regarding legal developments, firm events, activities, and news. Our marketing communications are intended to provide general information about legal developments, and should not be construed as legal advice, nor as advertisements for legal services.
Requests: You may submit personal data via a request through the Site. We process and use this information to respond to your request and we may maintain this data to assist you with future requests. Any communication that you may make with BME through the Site does not create an attorney-client relationship. If you choose to contact anyone at BME through the Site, do not disclose information you consider to be confidential.
Automated collection:
Cookies, Web Beacons, Links: We may use cookies, web beacons, links, and other technology to analyze your use of the Site and to improve the Site. Such data may include analytics information, websites viewed before visiting the Site, browser type, operating system, and tracking of your interactions with the Site. Cookies are small amounts of information in the form of text files which are stored on the device you use to access the Site. Cookies allow us to monitor your use of the software and simplify your use of the Site. If you do not wish for cookies to be installed on your device, you can change the settings on your browser or device to reject cookies. Please note that you may not be able to access all of the functions of the Site if you disable cookies. Link information is generally only analyzed on an aggregate basis.
Analytics: We use data analytics to ensure the functionality of and to improve the Site. This software may record information such as how often you use the Site, how you interact with the Site, performance data and errors. We do not link the information we obtain through analytics with your personally identifiable information.
Our use of the data:
We use your information for the following purposes:
Subscriptions and Events: to send you the requested marketing communications and related alerts and updates, provided that we have your permission to do so. Used on the basis of (a) your consent where we have requested it, or (ii) our legitimate interests to provide you with marketing communications. You may opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email, or by emailing us at webmaster@boselaw.com.
Responding to Requests: to answer your request or correspondence requiring action by us. Also, subsequently to provide our professional services to you and maintain our professional relationship with you: to propose or provide our professional services. Used on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business or otherwise to comply with our legal obligations.
To provide access to the Site: to provide you with access to the Site in a manner that is convenient and optimal, with personalized content relevant to you. Used on the basis of our legitimate interest to ensure our website is presented in an effective and optimal manner, and in assessing the use of the Site by visitors. Where appropriate, we may rely on your consent to certain types of processing.
Relationship Management: to manage our relationship with clients and potential clients, by maintaining our database of contacts and notifying you about changes to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Used on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business or otherwise to comply with our legal obligations, and to keep our records updated.
Compliance with laws: to enable us to comply with applicable laws, to protect and enforce our legal rights, and share your information with our technical and legal advisors. Used on the basis of our legitimate interests to conduct business or where we have a legal obligation to do so.
In all cases, we will use your information for the purposes above on the basis of:
our legitimate interests,
your consent;
the provision of our services for you; or
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Where we process your information on the basis of legitimate interests, we do so to pursue the legitimate interests of providing the function or service you requested, taking into account any potential impact that such use may have on you.
Where we process your information on the basis of consent, we will clearly obtain your opt-in consent. Where given, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at webmaster@boselaw.com.
Sharing your data:
We will not provide or sell your personal data to any other companies for commercial purposes. We may disclose personal data in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order, subpoena or request from a law enforcement agency. We may also disclose personal data if, in our sole discretion, such disclosure is required to protect the interests and safety of BME and our users.
We will share your information in the following circumstances on the basis of the legitimate interest of providing the Site:
Service Providers: we work with third parties to develop, host and market the Site to you (“Service Providers”). These Service Providers have only limited access to your information and may use your information only to perform the requested services on our behalf. The information shared with our Service Providers may include the information you provide to us and the information we automatically collect about you. We take reasonable steps to ensure that our Service Providers will protect your information on our behalf.
Aggregated Non-Personal Data: We may disclose aggregated, non-personal data received from the Sites, including information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
General Transactions: BME may merge with or acquire another business or its assets, or may sell our business assets, or be involved in a bankruptcy or reorganization. Your information, including personal data, may be among assets sold or transferred as part of such transaction.
Lawful Requests: We may be required to disclose information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We generally do not disclose user information unless we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards.
Security and Retention of the data:
We use reasonable measures to secure and protect the privacy of your personal data, and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. These security measures are appropriate and consistent with industry standards. However, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of our system or your personal data that is collected through the Site. BME has no control over the Internet and third party networks, and there is no guarantee of absolute security of information that is transmitted or accessible via the Internet. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of the Site at any time. BME cannot and does not warrant that any transmission will not be monitored or read by third parties. Based on all of the foregoing, any information that you provide to or transfer from the Site is at your own risk.
We hold your data only for as long as necessary to provide you with the services that you have requested from us or for as long as we reasonably require to retain the information for our lawful business purposes, and in accordance with the our data retention policy.
If you would like more information about our data retention policy, please contact us at webmaster@boselaw.com.
Your rights:
You have the right to request a copy of the information about you that we have stored, at no cost to you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information please email us at webmaster@boselaw.com, or write to us at Bose McKinney & Evans LLP, Attn: Chief Information Officer, 111 Monument Circle, Suite 2700, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204.
If you would like to manage, correct, change, limit, or delete your personal information, you can do so by contacting us at webmaster@boselaw.com. In addition, you have the following rights regarding your personal information:
the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes;
the right to withdraw your consent; and
the right to object to our use of your information on the basis of our legitimate interests. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
You may exercise your rights above by contacting us at webmaster@boselaw.com, or by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any email you receive from us.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for our own record-keeping purposes. We may also need to send you service-related communications even when you have requested not to receive marketing communications.
Amendments to this Privacy Policy:
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The most current version of this Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be located at www.boselaw.com. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on the Site.
DISCLAIMER
Before sending a communication to your intended recipient, you must first understand the implications of contacting Bose McKinney & Evans LLP and agree to the following terms. Bose McKinney & Evans' site exists for informational purposes only and none of its contents should be construed or used as legal advice on any specific facts or circumstances. Your receipt or transmission of information does not create an attorney-client relationship and cannot substitute for obtaining legal counsel from an attorney admitted to practice law in your state. If you choose to contact an attorney or professional at Bose McKinney & Evans through any form of communication, do not disclose information you regard to be confidential until an attorney verifies that Bose McKinney & Evans does not represent other persons or entities involved in the matter and that the firm is willing to consider representation. Unless otherwise agreed in advance in writing, all unsolicited inquiries or information received by Bose McKinney & Evans will not be regarded as confidential.
Accept
Decline