http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1997/06.97
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 June 1997
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Steven Kolodny,
Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York; Mark Major, Esq., New
York; Seth M. Rosen, NY Law School Student; K. Jacob Ruppert, Esq.,
New York; Ian Teran, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams, Esq., Boston;
Robert Wintemute, Esq., London, England.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1997 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
11th Circuit Rules for Gay Student Groups;
Alabama Law Violates First Amendment
On April 29, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit found
unconstitutional, on its face and as applied, an Alabama statute
prohibiting the use of public funds to promote a lifestyle or
action prohibited by sodomy and sexual misconduct laws.
__Gay
Lesbian Bisexual Alliance v. Pryor__, 110 F.3d 1543.
The Gay Lesbian Bisexual Alliance (GLBA) is an officially
recognized student organization at the University of South Alabama
(USA).
GLBA's purpose is to "provide a foundation for unification
for homosexual and non-homosexual people of the student population,
in order to draw support to further our efforts in educating all
members of the university community on the fears and dangers of
homophobia and to provide a support system for the University of
South Alabama's homosexual students."
The statute in question, Ala. Code sec. 16-1-28, provides: (a) No
public funds or public facilities shall be used by any college or
university to, directly or indirectly, sanction, recognize, or
support the activities or existence of any organization or group
that fosters or promotes a lifestyle or actions prohibited by the
sodomy and sexual misconduct laws of secs. 13A-6-63 to 13A-6-65,
inclusive.
(b) No organization or group that receives public funds
or uses public facilities, directly or indirectly, at any college
or university shall permit or encourage its members or encourage
other persons to engage in such unlawful acts or provide
information or materials that explain how such acts may be engaged
in or performed.
(c) This section shall not be construed to be a
prior restraint of first amendment protected speech.
It shall not
apply to any organization or group whose activities are limited
solely to political advocacy of a change in the sodomy and sexual
misconduct laws of this state.
The statutes referenced in part (a) criminalize sodomy or "deviate
sexual intercourse," which Alabama law defines as "[a]ny act of
sexual gratification between persons not married to each other
involving the sex organs of one person and the mouth or anus of
another."
Ala. Code sec, 13A-6-60(2) (1994).
The case arose from two incidents.
First, the district court found
that USA effectively denied on-campus banking privileges to GLBA.
Second, USA denied funding to GLBA to purchase posters in
connection with "World AIDS Day."
Dean Adams of USA refused to
grant any funding to GLBA pending a ruling from the Attorney
General on the application of
sec. 16-1-28.
In July, 1993, the
Attorney General issued an opinion that USA could not fund any of
GLBA's activities.
The Attorney General's opinion did not
specifically state how GLBA violated sec. 16-1-28.
USA then
established a fact-finding committee to determine whether GLBA
violated 16-1-28 by fostering or promoting actions prohibited by
the sodomy and sexual misconduct laws.
Before the fact finding
committee could begin its investigation, GLBA filed suit against
the Attorney General seeking to have 16-1-28 declared
unconstitutional.
The District Court found that 16-1-28 violated the first amendment
as applied to GLBA.
Further, the District Court found that 16-1-28
violated the first amendment on its face.
Judge Joel F. Dubina, writing for the Court of Appeals, affirmed
the District Court's decision.
The Court found that 16-1-28
constituted unconstitutional viewpoint discrimination.
Specifically, the court found that "[t]he statute discriminates
against one particular viewpoint because state funding of groups
which foster or promote compliance with the sodomy or sexual
misconduct laws remains permissible.
This is blatant viewpoint
discrimination."
Further, the court denied the Attorney General's
request to apply a lower level of scrutiny to this statute because
the case arose in the university setting.
The court, citing
__Rosenberger v. Rector & Visitors of the Univ. of Virginia__, 115
S.Ct. 2510 (1995), found that the dangers of
viewpoint discrimination are heightened in the university setting
and therefore heightened scrutiny was required.
The Court of Appeals also affirmed the District Court's finding
that 16-1-28 violated the first amendment on its face.
The court
found that 16-1-28 was invalid on its face unless it could be
interpreted as applying only to speech designated to incite or
produce imminent lawless action.
The court found that such an
interpretation could not be supported by the plain meaning of
the statute. T.V.L.
The plaintiffs were represented by Fern Singer of Watterson and
Singer in Birmingham, Alabama (local counsel) and Ruth Harlow, Marc
Elovitz, and Matthew Coles of the ACLU Lesbian and Gay Rights
Project, based in New York.
(Harlow and Elovitz have since left
the ACLU, Harlow to become Managing Attorney in Lambda Legal
Defense Fund's New York office, and Elovitz to private law practice
in New York.)
In a previous decision on attorneys fees in this
case, __Gay Lesbian Bisexual Alliance v. Sessions__, 930 F.Supp.
1492 (M.D.Ala. Jun. 6, 1996),the district court highly praised
Harlow and Singer for the quality of their representation of the
plaintiffs.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Gay Rights Sweeps New England: New Hampshire and Maine Pass Laws
Barring Sexual Orientation Discrimination; Other Legislative
Developments
Maine and New Hampshire have become the tenth and eleventh states
to ban discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, making a
clean sweep of the New England states.
Together with existing laws
in Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, the new
laws make New England the first part of the United States to
achieve region-wide protection against sexual orientation
discrimination.
In New Hampshire, HB 421 was approved by the state's House of
Representatives on March 19 by a vote of 205-125; the Senate
concurred on May 6, voting 13-9.
Governor Jeanne Shaheen, a
Democrat, had already announced her support of the bill prior to
passage.
The new law forbids discrimination in employment,
housing, or access to public accommodations on the basis of sexual
orientation, which is defined as "having or being perceived as
having an orientation for heterosexuality, bisexuality, or
homosexuality."
The employment provision covers both public and
private sectors.
Other characteristics already covered under New
Hampshire's civil rights law include age, race, sex, color,
ethnicity, marital status, and disability.
That such a bill would achieve passage in New Hampshire, a state
with a reputation for conservatism where both houses of the
legislature are controlled by Republicans, may be explained by the
particular libertarian streak in the state's politics.
Local
Catholic Church leaders supported the bill, which includes an
exemption for religious organizations, although Church support came
after the House amended the original propose to state that the bill
"does not intend to promote or endorse any sexual lifestyle other
than the traditional marriage-based family."
There is also a
provision forbidding the bill to be interpreted to permit adoptions
by homosexuals (which are specifically forbidden by a provision of
the adoption law) or to allow same-sex marriage.
The bill will
take effect Jan. 1, 1998.
The familiar political slogan is: As New Hampshire goes, so goes
Maine.
A sexual orientation discrimination proposal passed the
Maine legislature four years ago, but it was vetoed by Governor
John McKernan, a Republican.
During the first week of May, a new
bill passed both houses of the Maine legislature (Senate, 28-5;
House, 84-61) just days after the New Hampshire enactment. Governor
Angus King, an Independent, had announced his support during the
pendency of the bill.
After passage, Gov. King urged Maine
citizens not to sign petitions for a referendum.
Noting that Maine
voters defeated a ballot measure in 1995 that would have banned
local communities from adopting sexual orientation discrimination
ordinances, King said: "I just hope people don't sign the
petitions.
We've had the referendum; let's not do it again.
I
think it's a mistake, and there's no reason to put the people
through it."
King ended up signing the bill before Gov. Shaheen,
thus making Maine the 10th state to enact a gay rights bill and New
Hampshire the 11th.
The other states that forbid sexual orientation discrimination are:
California, Connecticut, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New
Jersey, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Wisconsin.
Similar measures are
pending in several other states, including Oregon, Washington, and
New York. Most of the nation's largest cities, including the
District of Columbia, have ordinances forbidding such
discrimination.
__BNA Daily Labor Report__ No. 88, A-10 (5/7/97);
ACLU Press Release, 5/6/97; __USA Today__, May 9; __Rocky Mountain
News__ (Reuters story), May 10.
The Oregon gay rights bill, which only covers employment, got a big
boost on April 29 when the state's House of Representatives
approved it by a 40-20 vote.
Openly gay Republican House Member
Chuck Carpenter forced the issue to the floor in the Republican-
controlled House over the opposition of the relevant committee
chair.
Prospects for Senate passage are uncertain, as the
Republican Majority Leader, Gene Derfier, announced the bill would
not be released for a floor vote unless Carpenter can demonstrate
that it has at least the 16 votes necessary for passage.
Governor
John Kitzhaber, a Democrat, is a supporter of the bill and would
sign it if it passed the legislature.
__Washington Blade__, May 9.
The state Republican party put considerable pressure on Carpenter
and one other Republican ally, Jim Hill, for pushing the measure.
Hill said he might take up the party's invitation to change his
registration to Democrat, which would cause disarray in the state
House, where Republicans presently hold a 31-29 edge.
__Washington
Times__, May 21.
In a surprising turnabout, Arizona Governor Fife Symington
abandoned a veto threat and signed a bill enhancing penalties for
bias-related crimes, including sexual orientation motivated bias,
on April 28.
Symington, who is facing trial on corruption charges,
had vetoed a similar bill last year.
In his signing statement,
Symington proclaimed: "We are all different from each other in many
ways.
In a free society, we are not required to like or embrace
these differences.
However, society does require that the
intolerant among us not express their beliefs through criminal
conduct."
Arizona becomes the 21st state to adopt a hate crimes
law that specifically addresses bias on the basis of sexual
orientation, according to the National Gay & Lesbian Task Force.
__Washington Blade__, May 9.
New Mexico has enacted a law banning employment discrimination by
Native American casinos and their contractors, that includes sexual
orientation among enumerated grounds for protection.
This is a bit
odd, since the state doesn't prohibit any other private employers
from discrimination on this basis.
Perhaps this bill is the
prelude to a measure providing broader protection in New Mexico.
A.S.L.
Supreme Court Denies Review of Lesbian's Housing Discrimination
Victory
The U.S. Supreme Court declined on May 12 to hear the appeal of a
woman who was fined for refusing to allow a lesbian to be her
housemate and co-tenant.
__Hacklander-Ready v. Wisconsin__, 1997
WL 120726. In denying certiorari, the Court let stand a Wisconsin
court opinion, __State ex rel. Sprague v. City of Madison__, 555
N.W.2d 409 (table), 1996 WL 544099 (Wis.App. 1996) (not officially
published) awarding Carol Sprague $300 in damages and approximately
$10,000 in attorney's fees.
Hacklander-Ready advertised in 1989 for housemates to share a
four-bedroom apartment she was renting in Madison.
She offered a
room to Sprague, but withdrew the offer a day later after she and
a second housemate decided they would not be comfortable living
with a lesbian.
Sprague filed a complaint with the Madison Equal
Opportunity Commission, alleging that Hacklander-Ready had
discriminated against her in violation of sec. 3.23(4)(a) of the
Madison General Ordinances by denying her housing because of her
sexual orientation.
A Wisconsin appellate court concluded the
statute was unambiguous and applied to shared housing.
The court
also held the ordinance was not unconstitutional as applied, ruling
instead that any alleged right to privacy or first amendment
protection had been waived by Hacklander-Ready's participation in
the for-housing market.
The Madison City Council amended its non-discrimination ordinance
while Sprague's action was pending to exempt all decisions to share
housing, by owners and tenants alike. Federal law [42 U.S.C.
3603(b)(2)] exempts certain house-sharing decisions by owners, but
not tenants. I.T.
Supreme Court Denies Review of Military Challenge
Once again resisting the temptation to become embroiled in the
"gays in the military" controversy, the U.S. Supreme Court denied
a writ of certiorari in __Selland v. Cohen__, 96-1238, on May 12.
Dirk Selland was attempting to overturn the 4th Circuit's ruling in
__Selland v. Perry__, 100 F.3d 950 (4th Cir. 1996), which upheld
the constitutionality of the "don't ask, don't tell, don't pursue"
policy adopted by the Clinton Administration and Congress in 1993.
So far, the Supreme Court has never granted a writ of certiorari
for a full-scale review on the merits of any military policy
concerning service by lesbians and gay men.
Undiscouraged,
however, yet another gay military dischargee has filed a certiorari
petition: __Richenberg v. Cohen__, No. 96-1648 (filed 4/17/97),
appealing __Richenberg v. Perry__, 97 F.3d 256 (8th Cir. 1995).
A.S.L.
Supreme Court Refuses Review to Gay Demonstrators
On May 12, the U.S. Supreme Court refused to review a decision by
the New York courts to allow prosecution of gay rights
demonstrators arrested on St. Patrick's Day in 1994.
__Arbeiter v.
New York__, No. 96-1555, denying review of __People v. Arbeiter__,
650 N.Y.S.2d 915 (App. Term, 1st Dept., 1996), rev. denied, 677
N.E.2d 292, 654 N.Y.S.2d 720 (N.Y. 1996).
The demonstrators, members of the Irish Lesbian and Gay
Organization and their supporters, were arrested by police officers
when they attempted to hold their own mini-St. Patrick's Day Parade
on Fifth Avenue after being excluded from the "official" parade
administered by the Ancient Order of Hibernians and being denied a
police department permit to hold their own event on the Avenue.
They argued to the state courts that their arrests should be
dismissed in the interest of justice, and denied that their
activities constituted resisting arrest.
A divided panel of the
Appellate Term ruled against them on June 19, 1996, one judge
dissenting on the resisting arrest issue.
The petitioners
contended to the Supreme Court that the lower courts' rulings in
the case violated their First Amendment rights of assembly and free
speech.
A.S.L.
9th Circuit Rules Against Gay Republicans In Dispute With County
Committee
The El Dorado County Republican Committee is a private organization
and thus not amenable to suit under 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983, ruled the
9th Circuit on May 21 in __Johnson v. Knowles__, 1997 WL 266829.
Furthermore, a Republican state legislator alleged to have taken
steps to have two gay men removed from the committee was also
immune from suit, since he was acting in his capacity as a party
official rather than as a government official.
Paul Johnson and Kevin Wadsworth, described in Circuit Judge
Trott's decision as "a gay couple" and "exclusive life partners in
a homosexual relationship," live together on a ranch in El Dorado
county.
They have been active in Republican politics, and were
both elected to the county Republican committee in 1992 and 1994.
In this suit, they allege that State Assemblyman David Knowles, an
ex officio member of the committee, engineered their removal by
vote of the committee because of his anti-gay bias against them.
The committee purportedly removed them because they had rented
their ranch to a Democrat's campaign organization for a fund-
raising event which they did not attend, and because Wadsworth had
allegedly made public remarks critical of the committee.
The district court ruled that neither the actions of Knowles or the
committee were subject to the federal civil rights law, 42 U.S.C.
sec. 1983, because such actions were not taken "under color of
state law."
Although the members of the committee are elected in
a process administered by the state, and Knowles is an elected
public official, the district court found, and the court of appeals
affirmed, that party organizations, and public officials when
functioning as party officials, are not a part of the government.
"Although the Committee conceivable could act under color of state
law for some purposes, there is nothing tying the State of
California to the particular decision that the Plaintiffs
challenge, namely, the Committee's decision to oust Johnson and
Wadsworth from the Committee on the basis of their sexual
orientation.
Every court that has considered similar section 1983
claims has reached this conclusion," wrote Trott.
A.S.L.
Florida Appeals Court Disqualifies Homophobic Judge
A Florida District Court of Appeal disqualified a judge who
referred to a lesbian household as a "sick situation" in a
domestic violence hearing from any future role in the case.
__Rucks v. State__, 1997 WL 208044 (Apr. 30).
Robbyn Rucks was
charged with domestic assault and battery following a physical
altercation with the 17-year-old daughter of her live-in companion.
Incurring this charge constituted a violation of Rucks' probation
on a previous unrelated charge.
Judge Bob Anderson, in sentencing
Rucks for the probation violation, repeatedly referred to her
living arrangement as a "sick situation" and concluded that "[i]f
this is the family of 1997, heaven help us."
Rucks moved to
disqualify the judge based on these comments.
The District Court
of Appeal allowed the disqualification, finding that Rucks had a
well grounded fear that she would not receive a fair trial from
Judge Anderson in light of his comments.
D.W.
California Court of Appeal Rejects Discrimination Claim Against Boy
Scouts
Finding that the Boy Scouts of America is not a "public
accommodation" covered by California's Unruh Civil Rights Law, the
California Court of Appeal for the 4th District rejected a
discrimination claim by Chuck Merino, an El Cajon Police Officer
who was dismissed from a volunteer leader position after he "came
out."
The opinion of the court in the __Merino v. Boy Scouts of
America__ was not officially reported as we went to press, but was
discussed at length in newspaper articles.
See __Los Angeles
Times__, May 23.
Merino said he would appeal the case to the state
supreme court, which is already considering an appeal in __Curran
v. Mt. Diablo Council, Boy Scouts of America__, 29 Cal.App. 4th 192
(1994), in which an appellate panel in Los Angeles reached
essentially the same decision.
In a concurring opinion, Justice Richard Huffman said that even if
the Boy Scouts was covered by the Unruh Act, he would rule against
Merino's claim on the ground that the Boy Scouts have a 1st
Amendment right to freedom of association that would shield them
from having to employ a gay person as a volunteer leader.
"The
message (the Boy Scouts) seek to convey to its membership does not
include approval of homosexual conduct by a person who is acting as
an appropriate role model and moral example," wrote Huffman.
"Moreover, some of the religious entities with which (Boy Scouts)
is affiliated strongly disapprove of homosexual conduct."
The court's opinion reverses a decision by Superior Court Judge
Anthony Joseph, who had found an Unruh Act violation and ordered
Merino's reinstatement by the Scouts.
A.S.L.
NY Appellate Division Reverses Conviction of Rambles Mugger
In __People v. Moore,__ 1997 WL 197167 (N.Y. App, Div. 1st Dept,
April 22), Anthony Moore appealed his conviction on one of two
counts of robbery in the first degree. Both robberies charged were
committed on January 23, 1993, in the Rambles of New York's Central
Park.
According to the dissent's statement of the facts, the
defendant "specialized" in robbing homosexual men at knifepoint in
the Rambles.
By a 3-2 majority, the Appellate Division reversed
the conviction in an unsigned memorandum and remanded for a new
trial.
The appeal turned on the trial court's modification during trial of
its pretrial __Sandoval__ ruling.
Under the rule of __People v.
Sandoval__, 34 N.Y.2d 871, 618 N.Y.S.2d 16, when a defendant is
charged with a crime which was of a nature similar to others for
which he had previously been convicted, the State is limited as to
the evidence which may be introduced as to the prior crimes, as the
probative value of the past crimes must be balanced against the
prejudice which may result from introduction of too many details of
the prior acts.
After the pretrial __Sandoval__ hearing, the trial
court ruled that the fact that Moore had been convicted of two
prior robberies could be introduced, but that both took place at
knifepoint in the Rambles would not be related to the jury.
During Moore's trial, the State cross-examined Moore about a
conversation which he had with the victim, in which Moore spoke of
being in the Rambles at night.
The State asked Moore if he told
the victim that the Rambles was dangerous at this time of night.
Moore said, no he hadn't, but said that "anything could happen,"
and when asked if he said that a robbery at knifepoint could occur,
said "Who's me to say?"
On the basis of this cross-examination, the State moved to modify
the __Sandoval__ ruling, arguing that this ambiguous answer was an
abuse of the protection afforded by __Sandoval__ because it was
unresponsive and misleading.
The trial judge agreed, and the State
was allowed to introduce particulars of the two prior convictions,
to show that Moore would know that the Rambles was a dangerous
place to be at night, because, in effect, he was one of the people
who made it dangerous.
The State used this response to its
advantage, introducing evidence of the two prior convictions, and
making this point during its closing arguments.
The majority quoted this brief cross-examination verbatim, and
decided that this was a situation where, by asking about robberies
at knifepoint in Central Park, the State was indirectly suggesting
that Moore would have personal knowledge about such crimes, and, in
effect, baited Moore into an answer that justified the abrogation
of __Sandoval__ protection.
The dissenting justices, Eugene Nardelli and Betty Weinberg
Ellerin, took a different view of the case, arguing that the
majority took this piece of cross-examination out of context.
Moore testified on direct that the victim had solicited him for sex
in the Rambles, but Moore had refused.
The victim then gave Moore
money, his watch, and a gold chain.
He then continued, stating
that he laughed at the victim, and told him that the victim should
not be in the park, playing these types of games, whereupon the
victim left.
The dissenters pointed to this as the foundation for
the cross-examination, arguing that taken in this context, the
response "who's me to say?" went beyond a mere denial, and instead
of using __Sandoval__ as a "shield" to prevent inquiry into
prejudicial matters, became an affirmative assertion that Moore
wouldn't know about such things as knifepoint robberies in Central
Park.
The dissenters then argued that this "gratuitous" comment
opened the door for the State's inquiry on point, because it went
beyond mere denial of the accusation.
In a heated opinion by Nardelli, the dissenters described the
scenarios for robbery in the Rambles, which provide for cover,
multiple routes for escape, victims who are often loathe to report
the crime, and a context of robbery where, even if the crime is
reported, the accused could claim that the items allegedly robbed
were in fact, gifts from the victim in exchange for sex.
The
dissenters said Moore's testimony in this case "accused the victim
of malicious, deliberate perjury."
Citing a prior case, the
dissenters argued that the fact that a defendant specializes in a
particular type of criminal activity should not insulate him from
impeachment for such activity. S.K.
N.Y. Appellate Division Reverses Sodomy Conviction of Prominent
Attorney
The N.Y. Appellate Division, 3rd Department, reversed the sodomy
conviction of John T. Seaman, a prominent New Windsor, N.Y.,
attorney, based on trial errors, even though the court concluded
that the verdict was not "against the weight of the evidence."
__People v. Seaman__, 1997 WL 236045 (May 8).
Seaman was
automatically disbarred as a result of his conviction, according to
a news report in the __New York Law Journal__ (May 12).
According to the trial record, Seaman, 53, had sex with a teenage
boy, a friend of his son, and was charged with sodomy in the third
degree.
The appellate court found objectionable the introduction
of testimony about the "sexual climate" in Seaman's home and
vacation cabin, including nudity, sexy magazines, and skinny-
dipping in the hot tub, none of which bore directly on the charged
offense, according to the court.
One dissenting justice argued
that the sexual climate testimony was relevant, in light of the
attempt by Seaman's attorney to paint a picture of Seaman as a
highly reputable pillar of the community.
The court also found improper the admission of "expert" and
corroboratory lay testimony about "abused child syndrome," which it
found was clearly introduced for the purpose of bolstering the
prosecution's case that the offense was committed, not merely (and
permissibly) to help explain the victim's delay in reporting the
offense.
The court found that the erroneously admitted evidence
resulted in "enormous prejudice" to the defendant, thus mandating
a reversal.
The dissenting justice argued that Seaman's attorney
had failed to preserve this issue of appeal, and in any event that
she could not see the "enormous prejudice" described by the
majority of the court.
Amid speculation about whether Seaman would be retried, his
attorney, Prof. Michael Hutter of Albany Law School, indicated that
Seaman would seek reinstatement in the bar.
A.S.L.
Airlines Challenge S.F. Contractor Benefits Ordinance; Claim
Federal Preemption of Benefits Regulations
The Air Transport Association, an industry association that
"represents 22 domestic carriers that fly 95 percent of the
nation's cargo and passenger traffic," according to the Associated
Press, filed suit May 13 against the City of San Francisco in U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of California, claiming
that a municipal ordinance requiring city contractors to provide
domestic partnership benefits to their employees may not be validly
applied to the airlines.
The suit rests on three statutory preemption arguments, two of
which are specific to the airline industry and one having much
broader application.
The ATA argues that the ordinance is
preempted by the federal Airline Deregulation Act, which bars
localities from attempting to regulate airline operations, and by
the Railway Labor Act, which governs collective bargaining between
railroads and airlines and their employees.
If ATA succeeds on
these two claims, the court will declare that the ordinance cannot
be applied to ATA's members.
However, the wider-ranging argument is that the ordinance is
preempted by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA),
which broadly preempts state and local laws relating to employee
benefit plans.
The Supreme Court has traditionally interpreted
ERISA preemption quite broadly, although it has not always found
local enactments to be preempted.
(For example, the Court has
upheld a state law governing plant-closing issues that necessarily
included employee benefits issues.)
Supporters of the San
Francisco ordinance had argued against ERISA preemption by
asserting that the ordinance did not regulate employee benefits,
but merely adopted a policy for the city of not contracting with
employers who failed to give such benefits to their employees;
thus, employers are free to adopt or not adopt employee benefit
plans.
Whether the federal courts will accept this reasoning is a
matter of some speculation.
The case has been assigned to District Judge Claudia Wilken.
The
ATA has asked the city to suspend the June 1 effective date of the
ordinance pending a decision by the court, and may seek a
restraining order if the city does not agree.
United Airlines,
whose contract at San Francisco's airport is up for renewal this
year, had previously agreed to extend domestic partnership benefits
as a condition of renewal, but now says it is supporting the ATA
suit on the ground that the ordinance is "illegal."
__Associated
Press__, May 14.
A.S.L.
Hawaii Compromise Produces Far-Reaching Partnership Bill
The most far-reaching domestic partnership legislation ever passed
in the United States was approved by the Hawaii legislature on
April 29, as part of an effort to block efforts toward same-sex
marriage in the state.
Under a "compromise" negotiated in a House-Senate conference
committee, both houses approved a bill calling for a ballot measure
for a state constitutional amendment authorizing the legislature to
restrict marriage to same-sex couples; both houses also passed the
domestic partnership (DP) bill.
(Under Hawaii procedures, the
amendment resolution must be passed again in the next legislative
session, and would then be put on the general election ballot in
November 1998).
The DP measure, which adopts the terminology of
"reciprocal beneficiaries" for unmarried couples who register their
relationships with the state, covers approximately sixty rights or
benefits, including medical benefits for same-sex partners of
public employees.
(The state cannot legislate on benefits for
private sector employees due to ERISA preemption under federal
law.)
According to the __Los Angeles Times__ (April 30), eligibility is
restricted to couples who cannot marry under Hawaiian law; thus,
same-sex couples may register, but only some opposite-sex couples
may register.
The main benefits of registration include
survivorship rights (inheritance, workers compensation, employee
retirement benefits), hospital visitation, a variety of public
sector employee benefits, property rights, and legal standing for
wrongful death and victim's rights litigation.
The bill does not
extend recognition to reciprocal beneficiaries for state tax
purposes.
The effective date of the legislation will be July 1,
1997.
Meanwhile, the state has asked the Hawaii Supreme Court to
delay its ruling in __Baehr v. Miike__, the pending same-sex
marriage lawsuit, until after the November 1998 balloting.
At
press time, there was no word whether Gov. Cayetano has signed the
DP bill.
A.S.L.
Eleven-Year Relationship Not Good Enough For Succession Rights
According to N.Y. Appellate Division, 1st Department
Finding that a surviving partner in an eleven-year relationship had
not provided sufficient evidence of interdependence, the New York
Appellate Division, 1st Department, upheld a ruling by the
Appellate Term in favor of a landlord seeking to evict the partner
after the tenant's death.
__GSL Enterprises, Inc. v. Lopez__, 1997
WL 216834 (May 1).
According to the court's opinion, the only evidence before the
trial court was "respondent's testimony that he and the deceased
tenant shared expenses, held some credit cards jointly, and
vacationed together on some five occasions over their 11-year
relationship, and that he helped to care for the tenant in his
illness."
The court found lacking any testimony from "friends,
neighbors, or family members corroborating a family-type, as
opposed to close-friend-and-roommate, relationship. . .; no
documentation corroborating the intermingling of finances; no proof
that the two had ever held themselves out as a family unit,
executed documents formalizing legal obligations, or jointly
celebrated holidays with other family members except on one
occasion; and it was significant that the tenant executed a power
of attorney in favor of his sister, and amended his will to include
his desire that his sister `inherit' the apartment."
On this
basis, the court concluded that the respondent had failed to
satisfy his affirmative burden of showing interdependence under the
tenant succession regulations.
This sounds like the decision of a court that is basically hostile
to the concept of tenant succession, which is presently under
attack from New York State Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno
(R.).
Bruno has threatened to allow the New York State rent
regulation laws expire on June 15.
In negotiations with the
Democratic leadership of the State Assembly, Bruno has specifically
mentioned tenant succession by non-traditional family members as a
target for elimination.
Tenant succession rights for unmarried
partners are based on the historic New York Court of Appeals
decision, __Braschi v. Stahl Associates, Inc.__, 74 N.Y.2d 201
(N.Y. 1989), holding that rent control regulations affording
succession rights to family members should be construed to include
a same-sex partner.
A.S.L.
Other Domestic Partnership Notes
More large employers have announced granting of domestic
partnership benefits in the wake of San Francisco's ordinance
banning city contracts with companies that fail to provide such
benefits: Pacific Gas & Electric and Chevron Oil Company.
Both
cases demonstrate the significant extraterritorial impact of San
Francisco's action, as the benefits plans will be extended to all
U.S. employees of both corporations, not just those working in San
Francisco.
In both cases, internal lesbian/gay employee groups had
been lobbying for the changes for several years, but the S.F.
ordinance provided the final push to success.
Both corporations
claimed that the S.F. ordinance was not their only reason for
acting, issuing statements extolling the good business sense of
adopting such a policy.
Chevron appears to be the first major oil
company to adopt a domestic partnership benefits plan.
The Reverend Hiram Crawford and others opposed to Chicago's new
domestic partnership ordinance brought suit in Cook County Circuit
Court, claiming that the city lacked legislative authority to enact
the measure.
On May 12, Judge Thomas Durkin heard arguments on
Crawford's motion for interim relief, with Lambda Legal Defense &
Education Fund's Pat Logue representing two city employees as
intervenors on behalf of the City of Chicago.
Durkin denied the
request for relief, thus allowing the ordinance to go into effect
on May 16, and set a hearing for August 15 on the merits of the
case.
Lambda Press Release, May 13; __Chicago Tribune__, May 13.
The City Council of Tucson, Arizona, voted 6-0 to approve medical
benefits for same-sex domestic partners of municipal employees on
April 28.
One member abstained from the vote, on the grounds that
he wanted to extend benefits to all domestic partners and he felt
that the measure didn't include adequate criteria for determining
eligibility.
The Council estimated that the cost of the plan would
be about $27,000 in the first year; extending benefits to all
partners increased the estimate to $127,000.
__Tucson Daily
Star__, April 29.
Tumwater, Washington: a little town (pop. 12,000) with a big heart.
During the first week of May, the Tumwater City Council voted 5-2
to grant benefits to domestic partners of municipal employees,
voted 502 to add a ban on sexual orientation discrimination in
employment to its human rights ordinance, and vote 4-3 to add
sexual orientation to the city's affirmative action policy.
Mayor
Pro Tem Pete Kmet switched sides on the affirmative action vote,
fearing establishment of a quota system.
Benefits opponent Tom
Shattuck feared the town's action would damage the institution of
marriage: "I have kind of always been somewhat of a believer in the
`don't ask, don't tell' policy," he decisively opined to the
__Seattle Times__ (May 11).
The Democratic National Committee announced May 16 that it will
offer same-sex partners of its employees the same health benefits
now available to spouses, effective July 3, 1997.
Eligibility
requires that the couple have resided together for at least 12
months before applying for benefits.
The DNC has approximately 150
employees.
__New York Times__, May 17.
Teamsters Local 70 in Oakland, California, will provide domestic
partner benefits to those of its members who participate in the
East Bay Drayage Drivers Security Fund, a multi-employer jointly-
administered fund.
About 3,000 of the union's 5,000 members are
covered under the Fund.
The Fund trustees voted unanimously to
adopt the benefits plan, under which registering partners must
present some "proof of partnership, such as a joint bank account
statement or real estate agreement."
The benefits will be extended
effective June 1, 1997.
__Oakland Tribune__, May 16.
In a collective bargaining agreement announced May 4, the Foothill-
De Anza Community College District Board of Trustees and the
faculty union agreed that their existing domestic partner health
benefits plan will be extended to the same-sex domestic partners of
retired teachers.
The contract covers faculty at Foothill College
in Los Altos Hills, California, and De Anza College in Cupertino,
California.
__San Jose Mercury News__, May 5.
The __St. Petersburg Times__, a Florida newspaper, announced it
will offer health insurance to same-sex domestic partners of
employees.
In a May 14 article announcing the new policy, the
newspaper mentioned other prominent papers that offer such
benefits, including the __New York Times__, the __Boston Globe__,
and the __Seattle Times__.
The __Times__ will require employees to
file a declaration of domestic partnership, "saying that they have
lived together continuously and have been each other's `sole
domestic partner' for six months `and intend to be so
indefinitely.'"
The University of Washington Board of Regents announced in a press
release on May 16 that it had voted to make certain health care and
housing privileges available to students with registered same-sex
domestic partners.
Beginning with the fall semester, students may
purchase coverage for their domestic partners on the same basis as
students have been able to purchase coverage for spouses and
dependents.
The University will seek a necessary amendment in the
Washington Administrative Code provisions governing University
housing policies to open up University housing to domestic
partners.
The University is in Seattle, which provides a domestic
partnership registry that students may use to qualify for
University recognition of their partnerships.
A.S.L.
NYC Bar Association Calls for Same-Sex Marriage
The Association of the Bar of the City of New York, the nation's
largest municipal bar association, has called for New York State to
authorize same-sex marriages and to recognize such marriages
lawfully performed out-of-state.
In a report produced by four
committees of the Association and published in the Association's
journal in April, the Association contended that the gender-neutral
New York marriage law could already accommodate same-sex marriages
without any need for amendment, and that such an interpretation was
compelled by principles of public policy and constitutional law.
__Same-Sex Marriage in New York__, 52 Record of the Assoc'n of the
Bar of the City of N.Y. 343 (April 1997).
After noting the gender-neutrality of NY's marriage statute, the
report argues that interpreting it to authorize same-sex marriages
would be consistent with the fundamental nature of the right to
marry under due process and with equal protection requirements,
particularly in light of __Romer v. Evans__.
In addition, the
report notes that as a matter of public policy, New York courts
have extended significant recognition to same-sex families in a
variety of contexts, including tenant succession rights, second-
parent adoptions, and even a case treating a surviving life partner
as "next of kin" for purposes of disposition of a body.
See
__Stewart v. Schwartz Brothers-Jeffer Memorial Chapel, Inc.__, 159
Misc.2d 884 (N.Y.Sup.Ct., Queens County 1993).
Turning to the question of New York recognition of out-of-state
same-sex marriages, the report surveys New York marriage
recognition law and finds that New York has a strong policy of
recognizing lawfully performed out-of-state marriages, even in
circumstances where New York law would not have permitted the
marriage ab initio.
In particular, the report finds that New York
has recognized incestuous (first cousin) and under-age marriages in
circumstances where they were lawfully performed elsewhere, and
that the only categorical refusal to recognize out-of-state
marriages has concerned polygamous marriages.
In an appendix prepared by the Association's Matrimonial Law
Committee, the report provides an itemization of rights and
responsibilities affected by the right to marry in New York, and
concludes that all of these should apply to same-sex couples and
could most easily be so applied by extending the right to marry
rather than through piecemeal reform efforts.
The principal authors of the report are Peter J.W. Sherwin, Lenora
M. Lapidus, and Victoria A. Kummer.
Sherwin was recently appointed
by City Bar President Michael Cardozo to be the new chair of the
Association's Committee on Lesbians and Gay Men in the Profession,
effective September 1, 1997.
A.S.L.
Other Same-Sex Marriage Notes
In a summary released May 28, the National Gay & Lesbian Task Force
reported that Indiana has become the seventh state in 1997 to adopt
a law explicitly banning same-sex marriage and prohibiting
recognition of same-sex marriages performed out of state.
Similar
bans have passed legislatures in Minnesota, Colorado and Florida.
Gov. Carlson of Minnesota is expected to sign, Gov. Chiles of
Florida announced he would allow the measure to become law without
his signature, and Gov. Romer remained, as always on this issue,
unpredictable.
Romer vetoed a law against same-sex marriage last
year; this year, he attempted to work with the legislature on a
bill that would not be gay-bashing but would merely reiterate
existing state policy limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples.
However, the bill that finally passed did not exactly track the
language preferred by the governor, and some even suggested that it
could be found to have invalidated common-law marriage in Colorado,
so the governor's final decision remained in doubt at month's end.
On the other hand, anti-same-sex marriage bills went down to defeat
in several legislatures, including Louisiana, Alabama, California,
and Texas. A.S.L.
Sacramento Judge Orders Visitation for Lesbian Co-Parent
In a rare victory for a lesbian co-parent in a visitation dispute,
Sacramento (California) Municipal Court Judge Gail Ohanesian
awarded a temporary visitation order to Pamela Lockrem-West in a
dispute with her former partner, Barbara West, over visitation with
the daughter the women had conceived through donor insemination
during their partnership.
__Lockrem-West v. West__.
We are
relying on a report in the __Sacramento Bee__ (May 15) and __San
Jose Mercury News__ (May 19) for this story concerning the
unpublished decision.
The women had an eight-year relationship and planned to have two
children, one borne by each woman.
West went first, because she
had a superior health insurance plan at her job.
The women split
up two years ago, but West allowed Lockrem-West to visit with the
child for over a year and a half before calling a halt, claiming
that she wanted her child to have only one mother.
Judge Ohanesian
stated that she was in agreement with a report prepared by Family
Court Services, concluding that it would be "detrimental to the
child to sever contact" with Lockrem-West, who nurtured her in as
a mother in her early years.
Judging from comments by West's
attorney, Sharon Huddle, it sounds like an appeal is in the cards.
California appellate courts have thus far been unreceptive to
visitation claims by lesbian co-parents.
A.S.L.
Tennessee Supreme Court Upholds Death Penalty in Murder of Gay
Client by Male Prostitute
The Supreme Court of Tennessee upheld a ruling sentencing a gay
prostitute to death for murdering his client.
__State v. Hodges__,
1997 WL 203618 (April 28).
The court ruled that neither the
homosexual rape Hodges suffered as a child, nor the mental anguish
he suffered when his family discovered his homosexual activities,
could be listed in instructions to the jury concerning
mitigating circumstances.
In May of 1990, Hodges and his girlfriend decided to move to
Florida after Hodges' family became aware that he worked as a
prostitute.
Hodges was also employed as a stripper in a gay bar.
In order to get money for the move, Hodges robbed and killed a
person who solicited him for sex.
During the trial, the defense cited several mitigating factors.
One was the state of intense mental anguish Hodges was in after his
family found out about his homosexual activities.
Hodges also
claimed that at the age of twelve he was abducted and raped by a
male stranger.
The defense presented expert testimony stating the
killing was motivated by a subconscious desire for revenge of the
sexual abuse inflicted upon Hodges.
On appeal Defendant claimed the trial court erred in rejecting
proposed detailed jury instructions concerning nonstatutory
mitigating circumstances in favor of more general instructions.
Defendants' proposed instructions were very specific and included
the mental trauma and the rape, but the jury instructions used by
the court contained only general categories of possible mitigating
circumstances.
In his opinion for the court, Justice Frank F. Drowota upheld the
trial court's choice of jury instructions, citing the line of
reasoning laid out in __State v. Odom__, 928 S.W.2d 18 (Tenn.
1996).
Justice Drowota held that excessively specific jury
instructions may leave the jury with the impression that the listed
mitigating factors are findings of fact by the court.
Also, the
language of instructions concerning nonstatutory mitigating
circumstances must mirror the same broad language used in relaying
instructions concerning statutorily defined circumstances.
Drowota also ruled that although the trial court incorrectly told
the jury that Hodges needed to prove any mitigating circumstances
before they could be considered, this was a harmless error.
In his
opinion, Drowota writes that subsequent explanatory instructions
informed the jury that they were in fact required to consider any
mitigating circumstances raised by the evidence.
In dissent, Chief Justice Adolpho A. Birch concludes that
instructing the jury to consider only proven mitigating factors
biased the jury, despite the trial court's subsequent clarifying
instructions.
Birch writes that this instruction limited the
factors that the jury could consider to ones they felt were
proven by the evidence, and affected their decision to sentence
Hodges to death. S.M.R.
11th Circuit Accepts Same-Sex Harassment Claim
Unanimously reversing a district court decision from Florida, a
three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit
held in __Fredette v. BVP Management Associates__, 1997 WL 228588
(May 22), that a male employee's claim of same-sex harassment
against a gay male supervisor is actionable under Title VII and the
Florida Human Rights Act as sex discrimination.
In an opinion by
Judge Anderson, the court lined up with the majority of circuit and
district court decisions, and explicitly rejected the contrary
reasoning of the 5th Circuit.
(The Clinton Administration has
filed a brief with the Supreme Court, urging it to accept an appeal
of __Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services, Inc.__, 83 F.3d 118
(5th Cir. 1996), in which the 5th Circuit reiterated its view that
sexual harassment claims may only be brought where the plaintiff
and the alleged harasser are of opposite genders.
The Court, which
denied certiorari in several same-sex harassment appeals last fall,
specifically requested the Administration's position.)
Plaintiff Robert Fredette was a waiter in defendant's restaurant,
where Mr. Sunshine, a gay man, was the maitre d'.
Fredette alleged
that Sunshine repeatedly proposition him, offered employment
benefits if Fredette would grant sexual favors, and retaliated
against Fredette in various ways for refusing Sunshine's advances.
Fredette also provided evidence that Sunshine behaved similarly
towards other male employees, and that one male waiter did receive
work-related benefits after acceding to Sunshine's propositions.
The district court granted summary judgment for the defendant,
finding that any harassment of Fredette was not "because of sex" as
required by Title VII.
The court of appeals disagreed with this
finding.
"The reasonably inferred motives of the homosexual
harasser are identical to those of the heterosexual harasser --
i.e., the harasser makes advances towards the victim because the
victim is a member of the gender the harasser prefers," wrote Judge
Anderson for the court.
"Fredette proffered evidence from which a
reasonable factfinder could conclude that he was the victim of
sexual advances to which members of the opposite gender were not
subjected.
This was sufficient to survive summary judgment as to
causation."
The court found this result to be consistent with the
plain language of the statute in light of the paucity of
legislative history one way or the other, and noted that the EEOC
supports this construction of Title VII.
The court noted that the great weight of federal court authority
also supports this result.
The only circuit court to rule that
same-sex harassment is never cognizable under Title VII is the 5th
Circuit, in __Oncale__ and other decisions.
The court commented
that "it is difficult to accord much persuasive force" to the 5th
Circuit's decisions, noting that neither provided any reasoning in
support of its holding.
The court also criticized as "flawed" the
most frequently-cited district court decision in opposition to
same-sex harassment cases, __Goluszek v. H.P. Smith__, 697 F.Supp.
1452 (N.D.Ill. 1988), totally rejecting the __Goluszek__ court's
contention that Title VII is limited to protecting women in male-
dominated workplaces.
A.S.L.
Ohio Appeals Court Rejects Same-Sex Harassment Claim
An Ohio appeals court upheld a defense motion for summary judgment
in a same-sex harassment case.
__Schmitz v. Bob Evans Farms,
Inc.__, 1997 WL 218258 (Oh.App. May 1).
Plaintiff Kevin Schmitz
worked at defendant's restaurant.
He asked his supervisor, Jaymz
Keller, for a schedule change.
Keller complimented and
propositioned Schmitz, and said that if Schmitz wanted a schedule
change he might "have to do something for it."
Schmitz
reported the incident to the company, which promptly transferred
Keller, who later resigned.
Schmitz sued the company, claiming
sexual harassment.
The company moved for summary judgment, arguing
that there was no hostile environment issue, and no quid pro quo
because Keller lacked the authority to change Schmitz's schedule.
The trial court granted the motion, and the appeals court affirmed,
with Justice Nahra finding that the evidence did not establish a
change in the terms or conditions of employment.
Justice Karpinski
concurred, but wrote that the supervisor had apparent authority,
and that more serious harassment could have been actionable.
O.R.D.
Pennsylvania Court Holds Transsexuals Not Protected Against
Discrimination
The Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court affirmed that a person
discriminated against because of their transsexual status is not
protected by the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act (PHRA).
__Holt
v. Northwest Pennsylvania Training Partnership Consortium, Inc.__,
1997 WL 242218 (May 13).
The Pennsylvania court also held that
Executive Order 1998-1, which prohibits discrimination on the basis
of sexual orientation, creates no private right to redress any
action that violates the order.
In July 1992, Kristine Holt began a medically supervised transition
from male to female.
As part of the transition, Holt began to
dress and present herself as a woman.
After a few weeks of
dressing like a woman, Holt was transferred to another office, and
was subsequently fired for allegedly violating an employer dress
code.
Holt filed a complaint alleging, among other things, that
her termination violated the PHRA and Executive Order 1988-1.
The
trial court ruled that Holt failed to state a claim under either
the PHRA or Executive Order 1988-1, and dismissed both claims.
On appeal, Justice Dan Pellegrini's opinion for the Commonwealth
Court affirmed the trial court.
In order for a person to seek
protection under the PHRA, their disability must be a physical or
mental impairment which substantially limits one or more major life
activities.
Justice Pellegrini ruled that transsexualism does not
fall within that definition, and relied heavily on the decision in
__Dobre v. National Railroad Passenger Corporation__, 850 F.Supp.
284 (E.D.Pa. 1993).
In __Dobre__, the court held that
transsexualism is not covered under the PHRA because it does not
affect any bodily function, or limit a major life function.
Justice Pellegrini agreed with the trial court that Holt did not
present a cause of action under the PHRA.
Justice Pellegrini also affirmed the trial court's ruling that Holt
did not state a cause of action under Executive Order 1988-1, which
prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation by a
contractor receiving funds from an agency under the jurisdiction of
the governor.
Pellegrini wrote that the executive order does not
create a private right of action to address a violation of the
Order, and as such, Holt cannot claim protection under it.
In dissent, Justice James Gardner Collins suggests that Holt should
be allowed to make a case that she falls within the class protected
by the PHRA, contending that transsexualism maybe a physiological
disorder that effects Holt's essential life process activities and
functions, which would make it applicable to the PHRA.
S.M.R.
Law & Society Notes:
The Supreme Court denied a petition for certiorari in __Peden v.
Kansas__, 1997 WL 134321 (May 19), thus leaving in place __Peden v.
State__, 930 P.2d 1 (1996), in which the Kansas Supreme Court held
that a tax system that imposes higher rates on single than married
taxpayers does not violate equal protection, because it is
rationally related to a valid state interest in encouraging
marriage.
Reacting to documentation presented by the Servicemembers Legal
Defense Network showing that the Defense Department is continuing
to violate the rights of lesbian and gay servicemembers, the
Defense Department has established a formal review to determine
whether military investigators are going beyond the bounds
prescribed by the "don't ask, don't tell" policy.
SLDN presented
Secretary of Defense William Cohen with evidence that investigators
routinely "ask" questions they shouldn't be asking, and continue
the old practice of pressuring individuals suspected of being gay
into naming other gays in their unit -- a practice that the new
policy was supposed to end, given its premise that closeted
lesbians and gay men should be allowed to serve because only openly
lesbian and gay servicemembers are harmful to morale and good
order.
(Don't blame us, Senator Nunn and President Clinton thought
this one up.)
The review was triggered in part by statistics
showing that discharges of lesbian and gay servicemembers actually
went up under the new policy.
__Washington Post__, May 14;
__Washington Blade__, May 16.
The Kansas Court of Appeals upheld a bias intimidation ordinance in
the city of Wichita, which includes, inter alia, bias crimes
motivated by the victim's sexual orientation, in __City of Wichita
v. Edwards__, 1997 WL 271473 (May 23).
Such decision upholding
hate crimes laws have become routine since the U.S. Supreme Court's
decision in __Wisconsin v. Mitchell__, 508 U.S. 476 (1993), which
found that a law enhancing penalties for bias-related crimes is
constitutional.
Former California National Guard Lt. Andrew Holmes, whose legal
victory in federal district court last year, __Holmes v. California
National Guard__, 920 F.Supp. 1510 (N.D.Cal. 1996), is now on
appeal to the 9th Circuit, has filed a class action suit in San
Francisco Superior Court on behalf of all current members of the
Guard who are gay, arguing state law discrimination claims.
The
federal court had declined to rule on supplementary state law
claims filed in the earlier law suit.
Said Holmes, "We want to
assault the policy aggressively, because if we don't win on one
front we may win on the other.
And I want to make sure that other
people who are in circumstances like me who couldn't come forward
are protected as well." __San Francisco Chronicle__, May 28.
The Associated Press reported that Eleanor Feldman, a lesbian truck
driver, lost her discrimination case against Rockwell Power Systems
in litigation in Wailuku, Hawaii.
Judge E. John McConnell
dismissed Feldman's claims after trial, finding she had offered no
direct evidence showing anti-lesbian or anti-woman bias in her
workplace.
The employer claimed that Feldman was discharged for
failing to follow orders and safety codes; Feldman denied those
allegations.
__St. Louis Post Dispatch__, May 27.
Judge Dranginis of the Connecticut Superior Court has refused to
dismiss on standing grounds a petition for visitation brought after
the split-up of a "non-traditional family."
__Paraskevas v.
Tunick__, 1997 WL 219831 (April 24).
Nicos Paraskevas and Barbara
Tunick lived together without being married for 17 years.
Tunick
conceived a child through donor insemination.
Paraskevas and
Tunick continued to live together for four years after the birth of
the child, for whom Paraskevas acted in a fatherly role.
After the
couple broke up, Paraskevas continued to visit the child almost
every day for several months, until Tunick obtained an ex parte
court order barring him from visiting.
Then Paraskevas sued,
seeking a visitation ruling.
In refusing to dismiss his petition,
Dranginis found that the case concerned a "de facto" separation of
a "family," thus meeting the predicate for judicial intervention.
It was on-again, off-again, for a San Francisco Muni driver who
doesn't like his gay passengers.
In March, Wardy Joubert was fired
after he pleaded no contest to three criminal charges based on his
taunting and beating a gay man for kissing another man on the
trolley Joubert was driving.
A labor arbitrator ordered his
reinstatement.
One technicality: Joubert was in jail serving the
90-day sentence he earned for his deed.
As the gay community was
protesting the arbitration decision, Muni announced that Joubert
would be terminated again, this time for missing work.
Due to his
jail sentence, he missed five consecutive shifts after his
reinstatement was ordered by the arbitrator. Muni was not inclined
to treat these as excused absences. Will this stand?
Beats us.
__San Francisco Examiner__, May 20.
Continuing a trend of cutting down damage awards issued by the New
York City Commission on Human Rights, the N.Y. Appellate Division,
1st Department, reduced an award of $60,000 compensatory damages to
$15,000, eliminating the remedies of back pay and reinstatement.
__American Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals v. N.Y.
City Commission on Human Rights__, 1997 WL 277168 (May 27).
The
brief memorandum decision contains no discussion of the facts of
the case or the rationale of the court, merely indicating that it
is affirming the Commission's finding "that petitioner
discriminated against its former employee on the basis of sex and
sexual orientation," but that it finds the damages awarded to be
"excessive."
A.S.L.
International Notes
Following nine years of community agitation, a historic ruling by
the U.N. Human Rights Committee, and recent pressure from the
Australian federal government, the legislature of Tasmania has
finally voted to repeal its law banning same-sex relations between
adults, according to press releases and news reports at the
beginning of May.
Commenting on this development, Julie Dorf,
Executive Director of the International Gay & Lesbian Human Rights
Commission, noted that the U.N. notified the United States
government in 1995 that the sodomy laws on the books in more than
twenty U.S. states similarly violate the International Covenant on
Civil and Political Rights.
A.S.L.
Another historic first:
On May 3, newly-elected British Prime
Minister Anthony Blair finished naming his cabinet, including the
first openly-gay cabinet English member, Member of Parliament Chris
Smith, named Secretary of State for Heritage.
Sometimes described
informally as the "Ministry of Fun," National Heritage is
responsible for administering public funding of arts and cultural
activities (museums and historic sites, sports events) and
distributing money raised by the National Lottery and similar
activities.
Some saw this as a "demotion" for Smith, who held the
Health portfolio in the "shadow government" maintained by the Labor
Party during its period in the opposition.
Smith becomes a member
of one of the most exclusive clubs in the world: openly-gay cabinet
ministers. * * * An openly gay M.P. from the Conservative Party was
defeated for re-election as part of the Labor "sweep" but two
openly-gay Labor candidates defeated Conservative incumbents.
According to news reports, an overwhelming majority of the newly-
elected Labor MP's support passage of a national gay rights bill,
and the new P.M. has spoken out in support of gay rights.
It will
be interesting to see what develops in Britain. . . __Washington
Blade__, May 9.
A.S.L. * * * Ben Bradshaw and Stephen Twigg (both
for Labour) were the first openly gay non-incumbent candidates to
be elected to the House of Commons.
For many, the surprise victory
of Twigg over Michael Portillo (the Defence Secretary in the former
Conservative government and thus the chief defender of the ban on
gays in the military) was the highlight of the night.
Bradshaw
defeated a Conservative "family values" candidate. R.W.
In Argentina, the Social Security Services for Teachers and for
Flight Attendants have determined that surviving gay life partners
should be entitled to benefits on the same basis as spouses,
according to an internet posting distributed by the International
Lesbian and Gay Association on May 30.
In a close vote, the Spanish Parliament gave initial approval to a
domestic partnership proposal submitted by the Coalicion Canaria.
The internet posting distributed by the International Lesbian and
Gay Association concerning this development are vague as to the
provisions, merely stating that the measure is intended to give
some sort of legal recognition to non-married unions regardless of
the sex of participants.
This vote apparently authorizes the
government (which opposed the proposal) to draft implementing
legislation to be submitted for a later vote.
The new Polish Constitution ratified by the nation's voters on May
25 may protect gays from discrimination, but then it may not.
An
early draft included a list of categories for protection, including
sexual orientation, but a later revision dropped the categories and
provided instead a general clause, Article 32, Part 2, prohibiting
discrimination "based on any ground in political, social or
economic life," according to one translation posted to the internet
by a Polish gay activist.
Until a court case arises, it will be
uncertain whether sexual orientation discrimination is covered by
this provision.
At the same time, responding to European-wide
agitation for recognition of non-traditional families, the new
constitution specifically provides in Article 18 that marriage will
be limited to opposite-sex couples.
__Detroit Free Press__, May
13; __Sacramento Bee__, May 26.
A.S.L.
Sexuality Issues in European Community Jurisprudence
__Transsexual Man Denied Recognition as Father__:
On April 22, in
__X, Y and Z v. United Kingdom__, the European Court of Human
Rights held (by 14-6) that a refusal to permit a post-operative
female-to-male transsexual person (X) to be registered as the
father of the child by donor insemination (Z) of his
non-transsexual female partner of 18 years (Y) did not violate
Articles 8 and 14 of the Convention.
If X were considered a man
under English law, he would automatically be the legal father under
sec. 28(3) of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 1990.
The
Court found that the Article 8 right to "respect for family life"
was applicable, because "de facto family ties link the three
applicants."
However, "given that transsexuality
raises complex scientific, legal, moral and social issues, in
respect of which there is no generally shared approach among the
[Convention's] Contracting States, the Court [was] of the opinion
that Article 8 cannot, in this context, be taken to imply an
obligation for the respondent State formally to recognize as the
father of a child a person who is not the biological father."
The
Court considered that "the State may justifiably be cautious in
changing the law, since it is possible that the amendment sought
might have unforeseen or undesirable consequences for [AID]
children."
It also noted the inconsistency of treating X as the
father of Z but as female for other legal purposes.
The Court's
judgment was a disappointment after the Report of the European
Commission of Human Rights, adopted on June 27, 1995 (Application
No. 21830/93), which had found a violation of Article 8 (by 13-5).
For more information about the case, please contact X, who is in
fact law professor Stephen Whittle, School of
Law, Manchester Metropolitan University, Elizabeth Gaskell Campus,
Hathersage Road, Manchester
M13 0JA (s.t.whittle@mmu.ac.uk; fax:
44-161-224-0893). R.W.
__Failure to Recognize Gender Reassignments Violates Convention__:
Transsexual applicants from Britain have consistently failed before
the Court where they have sought marital or parental rights.
However, a preliminary victory has been achieved in __Sheffield v.
U.K.__ (Application No. 23390/94)
and __Horsham v. U.K.__ (Application No. 22985/93).
In Reports
adopted on Jan. 21, the Commission held (by 15-1 in both cases)
that the male-to-female transsexual applicants' inability to obtain
legal recognition of their gender reassignments constitutes "a
failure to respect [their] right to private life" under Article 8,
and (by 9-7 and 10-6) that it was not necessary to examine
separately the applicants' complaints under Article 12 (right to
marry).
The Commission has referred both cases to the Court. R.W.
__Group Sexual Activity__:
A British gay man who was convicted of
"gross indecency" (and given a conditional discharge and criminal
record) for hosting a sex party with four other men over 30 in his
own home has filed an application with the Commission, claiming
violations of Articles 8 and 14.
Under the Sexual Offences Act
1956, secs. 12-13 (read with the Sexual Offences Act 1967, sec.
1(2)(a), and the Criminal Justice and Public Order
Act 1994, sec. 143(3)), non-sado-masochistic, non-commercial,
private sexual activity between consenting men over 18 is illegal
in England and Wales "when more than two persons take part or are
present."
Group sexual activity is clearly legal if it involves
only women or multiple women with one man, and would also appear to
be legal if it involves one or more women and multiple men but the
men do not touch (or look at?) each other.
The prosecution was
based on a video of the sex party which police found while
searching the host's house for pornography.
The Commission will be
asked to depart from its decision in __Johnson v. U.K.__ (No.
10389/83) (1986), 47 Dec. & Rep. 72. R.W.
The __Sunday Times__ (London) reported May 25 that MI5, the British
spy agency, has "lifted its ban on homosexuals" as employees.
According to a memo by an MI5 official quoted in the __Times__,
people who are openly homosexual don't present the blackmail and
sabotage problems that were commonly cited in the past to justify
refusing to employ them.
Unlike the U.S., Britain has a history of
spy scandals involving gay employees of its secret service
agencies, but all the individuals involved in those scandals had
been closeted.
The __Times__ article notes that despite the ban,
"some of the most senior figures in British intelligence have later
been discovered to have been secretly gay."
A.S.L.
Research on Lesbian/Gay/Bi/Trans Immigrants
Lionel Cantu, a doctoral candidate at the University of California,
Irvine, is conducting dissertation research on the experiences and
issues of gay immigrants and needs participants for his study.
Participation is voluntary and confidential.
Participants will be
asked to complete a survey and return it in a non-identifiable,
pre-stamped and addressed envelope.
Anyone interested in
participating in the study should contact Cantu via email at
lcantu@orion.oac.uci.edu or by mail: Lionel Cantu, Social Relations
Program, Univ. of California, Irvine, CA 92697.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
The Committee on Lesbians and Gay Men in the Profession of the
Association of the Bar of the City of New York and the Lesbian &
Gay Law Association of Greater New York are co-hosting a Pride Week
Celebration to welcome law students, summer associates and summer
interns spending their break in the New York metropolitan area.
The event is free, no RSVP required, on Thursday, June 26, at 6:30
p.m., at the Bar Association, 42 West 44th Street, Manhattan.
Financial support for the event comes from the following firms and
groups: Cohen & Funk; Davis Polk & Wardwell; Morrison & Foerster
LLP; Proskauer Rose Goetz & Mendelsohn; The Partners Group.
The State Bar of Arizona has formed a task force to study
discrimination based on sexual orientation in the bar and the
state's justice system, according to a May 1 report in __Arizona
Business Gazette__.
The task force was formed in response to a
recent ABA resolution calling on all state bars to undertake such
studies.
The appropriation of money to finance the task force by
the state bar board of governors occasioned protest by some members
of the bar, but Dianne Post, chair of the Task Force and an openly
lesbian solo practitioner in Phoenix who is a member of the
recently-formed Arizona Gay and Lesbian Bar Association, took the
protest in stride, pointing out that "Every single place they've
done a study, they've gotten this.
We're not immune to it." Post
indicated that the Task Force will formulate recommendations to
deal with discrimination.
"Education, education, education, that's
the bottom line," she said.
"That will be the solution."
The Bay Area Lawyers for Individual Freedom, San Francisco's
lesbian/gay bar association, announced that Tamar Pachter, a sole
practitioner, and Lawrence R. Katzin, a partner in Bronson, Bronson
& McKinnon, will co-chair the organization for the 1997-98 term.
Other newly-elected board members are Kate Dyer, Clarice Liu,
Brooke Oliver, and Ellen Shapiro.
Re-elected to the board were
Brian Cheu, Gail Dekreon, John I. Kennedy, Meriel Lindley, Sean
SeLegue, Eugene N. Stuart III, Ian Sweedler, and Michael Weiss.
The remainder of the board positions were not up for re-election
this year.
The 600-member BALIF was founded in 1980.
We're received notice of the formation of the Oklahoma Lesbian and
Gay Law Association, which we are thrilled to learn about,
recalling that at the time of its formation in 1978, our
predecessor unincorporated association, the New York Law Group, was
the only organization of its kind (quickly followed by Bay Area
Lawyers for Individual Freedom in San Francisco and Lawyers for
Human Rights in Los Angeles).
Today there are lesbian and gay
attorney groups in parts of the country where they would have been
unimaginable even ten years ago.
The movement marches on!
(Those
interested in the Oklahoma group should call Jane Eulberg at 405-
340-1957.)
A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Supreme Court Refuses to Review Adverse Ruling Under ADA
On May 19, the Supreme Court announced its denial of certiorari in
__Wood v. Garner Food Services, Inc.__, No. 96-1478, an appeal from
the 11th Circuit's decision in __Gonzales v. Garner Food Services,
Inc.__, 89 F.3d 1523 (1996), which held that an employer could not
be sued under the Americans With Disabilities Act by a former
employee with AIDS whose benefits entitlements had been capped.
Timothy Bourgeois was diagnosed with AIDS in February 1991, and
discharged two months later.
He continued his health coverage
under the terms of COBRA, but shortly after he made this election,
the employer unilaterally modified the benefits plan to put a
$10,000 annual and $40,000 lifetime cap on AIDS-related claims.
After Bourgeois died in 1992, his estate sued for payment of
expenses that exceeded the caps, alleging a violation of Title I of
the ADA.
The lower federal courts held that since Bourgeois was no
longer an employee during the period in question, he could not sue
under Title I, which covers employee benefits.
As there are no
cases on this issue from other circuits, it is not surprising that
the Supreme Court refused to review the case.
A.S.L.
Blood Banks Association Continues Loosing Ways in HIV Transfusion
Litigation
Last year's big loss for the American Association of Blood Banks in
__Snyder v. AABB__, 676 A.2d 1036 (N.J. 1996), in which the New
Jersey Supreme Court upheld a jury decision that the AABB was
negligent in not instituting more effective methods of protecting
the blood supply from AIDS as early as 1983, has emerged as a very
persuasive precedent in other jurisdictions.
Noting the __Snyder__
decision, as well as "numerous cases absolving blood banks from
liability to transfusion recipients upon a showing of compliance
with the guidelines of the AABB and conduct in accordance with the
conduct of other blood banks similarly situated," the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 5th Circuit denied AABB's motion to be dismissed as
a defendant in __Douglass v. Alton Ochsner Medical Foundation__,
1997 WL 277383 (May 28).
Annie Douglass was given HIV-tainted blood in January 1983, the
same month that the CDC convened its famous initial meeting with
blood bankers (including AABB representatives) to discuss the
danger of AIDS in the blood supply following reports during 1982
about otherwise unexplained cases of AIDS among transfusion
recipients.
AABB argues that its decision not to take aggressive
steps to screen donated blood at that time (contrary to the
suggestion of some CDC officials) was responsible and prudent, in
light of the lack of solid evidence proving that AIDS could be
spread through transfusions, the significant costs involved and the
potentially dangerous discarding of untainted blood at a time of
persistent blood shortages.
(The discovery of HIV and its
identification as "the AIDS virus" was not publicly announced until
the spring of 1984; the HIV screening test was licensed in March
1985, at which time federal regulations made HIV-testing of donated
blood mandatory.)
__Snyder__ involved a blood transfusion that took place in 1984,
and is thus not directly dispositive of the ultimate issue in
__Douglass__, but the court found that "genuine issues of material
fact abound for determination as to whether the AABB owed a duty of
care to plaintiffs under the contested facts of this case," and
refused to dismiss AABB from the case.
However, the court affirmed
the trial court's dismissal of claims against Dr. Terry D. King,
Annie's pediatric cardiologist, who referred Annie to Dr. Ochsner
for surgery, finding that King had no duty to warn Annie or her
parents about the risk of surgery, that being, in effect, Ochsner's
department.
__Douglass__ came on the heels of a decision by Justice Karla
Moskowitz, N.Y. Supreme Court, N.Y. County, on April 1, in
__Weigand v. University Hospital of New York University Medical
Center__, 1997 WL 242549, similarly refusing AABB's motion to be
dismissed as a defendant.
While finding that AABB had no duty as
such to advise the decedent and his family about alternatives to
transfusion of donated blood or to warn about the risks associated
with transfusion, Justice Moskowitz cited __Snyder,__ which was
decided under New Jersey tort law, and concluded that "under New
York law, a trade association setting standards and guidelines for
the collection of blood owes a duty to the ultimate recipient of
the blood."
Moskowitz undertook a detailed analysis of the duty issue, since no
prior New York court opinion expressly addresses it in this
context.
Moskowitz concluded that AABB owed a "duty of ordinary
care," a significant holding since it will undermine AABB's attempt
to establish at trial that it met its duty because most experts in
the blood banking industry at the time may have concurred with its
course of action (i.e., the "professional" standard of care).
In both __Douglass__ and __Weigand__, as in __Snyder__, AABB is one
of several defendants, including local blood banks, hospitals, and
doctors, so it is unlikely that AABB will ultimately be held solely
liable for the plaintiffs' damages.
However, this series of cases
contributes to a growing body of law imposing significant legal
responsibility on private associations that undertake accrediting
functions, as the AABB does with regard to blood banks, when
ultimate consumers of services rendered by the accredited
institutions suffer injuries.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Finds Low AIDS Cap in Insurance Policy Violates Title
III of ADA
In an important victory for people with AIDS, U.S. Senior District
Judge Richard Freeman (N.D. Georgia) ruled May 22 that a $5,000
lifetime cap on AIDS-related claims in a health insurance policy
violates Title III of the Americans With Disabilities Act, which
forbids discrimination by businesses selling goods or services to
the public.
__World Insurance Co. v. Branch__, 1997 WL 274732.
However, defendant Ralph Branch, who won motion for summary
judgment on this point, may ultimately lose his insurance do to a
ruling by Judge Freeman that the insurance company's claim for
rescission due to fraud will be governed by Texas law, which
exempts fraud claims from coverage under a policy's
incontestability clause.
Ralph Branch bought a health insurance policy from Security General
Life Insurance Co. in 1993 while living in Texas.
Although he had
previously been diagnosed HIV+, he lied on his application and
claimed he had not been so diagnosed.
In 1995, Branch moved to
Georgia, retaining his insurance with Security General.
Later that
year, Security General notified Brnach that World Insurance would
assume SG's obligations under the policy.
Subsequently, World
Insurance learned that Branch had been diagnosed HIV+ eight years
earlier, and brought an action to rescind the insurance contract.
Branch counterclaimed, seeking specific performance and challenging
the validity of a provision limiting AIDS coverage to a maximum
lifetime benefit of $5,000.
The May 22 decision concerns Branch's
motion for partial summary judgment.
First addressing Branch's argument that the policy's
noncontestability clause precludes rescission of the policy based
on his fraudulent application, Freeman focused on an interesting
choice of law problem.
Texas insurance law requires insurance
policies to include an incontestability clause (i.e., precluding
the insurance company from seeking to rescind the policy after a
certain period of time has gone by), but expressly exempts
fraudulent application claims from coverage by these clauses.
Georgia law, on the other hand, requires incontestability clauses
but contains no exclusion of fraud claims.
Branch wanted Georgia
law to apply to this dispute, but Freeman concluded that Texas law
applied.
The policy was issued to Branch in Texas, the alleged
fraud was committed in Texas, and Freeman did not find that the
assumption of obligations by World Insurance made this any less a
Texas law case.
Therefore, it is possible that in a trial on the
merits, Branch will ultimately lose his insurance coverage.
However, Freeman found, as a matter of first impression, that
Branch was entitled to summary judgment on his claim that the AIDS
cap in the policy violates the ADA.
Disposing of threshold issues,
Freeman held without explanation (merely citing cases) that Branch
is disabled under the ADA, the insurer is a "public accommodation"
covered by Title III, and Title III's scope "extends beyond the
mere denial of physical access to places of public accommodation."
Finding that the ADA allows insurers to tailor the policies
consistent with "sound actuarial principles" or as "related to
actual or reasonably anticipated experience," Freeman also noted
the statute's policy statement: "to bring individuals with
disabilities into the economic and social mainstream of American
life."
"Because access to adequate health care is often integral
to a disabled individual's ability to participate in society, the
court cannot imagine that an insurer could arbitrarily cap the
benefits payable with respect to a particular disability without
running afoul of this stated purpose," wrote Freeman.
Freeman found that "there is no evidence explaining the purpose for
which plaintiff caps an insured's lifetime benefits for AIDS at
$5,000."
Finding the Texas Insurance Commissioner's approval of
the policy not dispositive of the issue under Title III, Freeman
noted, "as a matter of logic, that the underwriting risks
associated with the treatment of AIDS cannot be so different from
the treatment of innumerable other disabilities, which, with the
exception of transplant and replacement procedures, are capped
under the policy at $2,000,000.
Because there is a complete
absence of evidence demonstrating that plaintiff's decision to cap
its coverage of AIDS was based on sound actuarial principles,
reasonably anticipated experience, or bona fide risk
classification, the court grants defendant's motion for summary
judgment as it relates to his counterclaim under Title III of the
ADA."
Thus, arbitrary low caps for AIDS-related coverage have been found
violative of federal law.
One can't imagine the insurance industry
allowing a decision to this effect to stand without being appealed.
A.S.L.
7th Circuit Finds Constitutional Claims Time-Barred in ADA/Rehab
Act Suit
The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois held
that a discharged HIV+ employee may bring a disability
discrimination suit against his former employer for retaliation,
wrongful termination and failure to provide reasonable
accommodations, but can't pursue constitutional claims because he
didn't assert them within two years of his discharge.
__Cebuhar v.
Department of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse__, 1997 WL 222871
(April 24).
The court found that constitutional claims are not
equitably tolled while a plaintiff pursues statutory remedies
before the EEOC.
John Cebuhar revealed during his job interview with the Department
(DASA) that he was HIV+ and would require accommodations to perform
essential job functions.
During his employment with DASA, Cebuhar
suffered from numerous HIV-related illnesses, but he alleged that
his job performance was excellent, meeting or exceeding DASA's
reasonable expectations.
In February 1994, he requested to work at
home on days he was ill as a reasonable accommodation.
His
manager, co-defendant Melanie Whittier, denied the request.
He
also alleged that co-defendants, including Whittier and General
Counsel Nancy Bennett, were permitted to work at home when they
were sick.
Cebuhar requested copies of DASA's policies, procedures
and guidelines relating to reasonable accommodations for qualified
individuals with a disability.
Bennett informed him that DASA had
no such guidelines and said that DASA "need not worry" about
compliance with the ADA.
In April 1994, Cebuhar again requested reasonable accommodations,
including: "(a) work at home on days ill; (b) a seven day flexible
schedule; (c) a flexible start and end schedule; (d) HIV in the
workplace education for staff and management; and/or (e) shared
supervision."
DASA did not consult with Cebuhar or his doctors
regarding the necessity or appropriateness of these accommodations,
but prohibited him from working overtime, claiming that as a
reasonable accommodation.
Later that month he received a negative
performance evaluation that he claimed was false and given in
retaliation to his request for accommodations.
The following month, he asked whether he could take part in DASA's
shared sick leave bank.
Whittier advised him that he would not be
eligible to participate in the program for another month.
On or
about May 26, 1994, DASA formally denied each of his previous
requests for accommodation.
In June 1994, he received another
negative performance evaluation, which he claims was false and the
result of unlawful retaliation.
On June 22, DASA discharged
Cebuhar for twice falsifying his arrival and departure times and
for committing department funds and resources without prior
approval.
Cebuhar claims these charges are false and pretextual.
Cebuhar filed an EEOC charge in February 1995, and received a
right-to-sue letter in August 1996.
In November 1996, Cebuhar
filed a seven count complaint against the Department of Alcoholism
and Substance Abuse (DASA) and three of its officers, alleging
violations of the ADA, the Rehabilitation Act and 42 U.S.C. sec.
1983 and 1988.
He alleged disability discrimination based on lack
of reasonable accommodations, retaliatory adverse job evaluations,
and termination due to his disability.
Counts 4, 5 and 6
(reasonable accommodation, retaliation, termination) allege similar
violations of the Rehabilitation Act.
Count 7 alleges that his
Constitutional rights were violated under the Fourteenth Amendment
by DASA's failure to provide him with a reasonable accommodation
and for discharging him because of his disability.
Defendants'
motion to dismiss argued that the ADA and Rehabilitation Act claims
must be dismissed as to individual defendants because they are not
"employers" under the statute; the 1983 and 1988 claims (count 7)
and the Rehabilitation Act claims (counts 4-6) are time-barred; and
the ADA retaliation claim (count 2) must be dismissed for failure
to state a prima facie case.
The court dismissed as to the individual defendants, finding that
they are not employers under the ADA or the Rehabilitation Act.
As to the statute of limitations, the court agreed with DASA that
the 42 U.S.C. 1983 and 1988 claims are time-barred.
Although the
parties agreed that the relevant statute of limitations for these
claims is two years, they disagreed about when Cebuhar's claim
accrued.
The latest date for accrual appears to be his discharge
date of June 22, 1994, and suit was filed Nov. 8, 1996, but Cebuhar
argued for equitable tolling while he was pursuing his ADA and
Rehab Act claims before the EEOC.
The court responded that there
is no requirement that a 1983 plaintiff exhaust administrative
remedies, and that there is no requirement that a plaintiff exhaust
administrative remedies before filing suit under the Rehabilitation
Act.
Thus, because Cebuhar could have filed those claims without
waiting for a right to sue letter, his filing more than two years
after his discharge was untimely.
The defendants also moved to dismiss Cebuhar's retaliation claim,
contending that it was not adequately pleaded.
But Count 2 of the
complaint expressly alleges that defendants' unlawful "retaliation
includes, but is not limited to, adverse false job evaluations,"
implying that there were other types of retaliation in addition to
negative performance evaluations.
Another paragraph in Count 2
incorporates the allegations common to all counts, including
Cebuhar's subsequent discharge.
The court, drawing all reasonable
inferences in favor of the plaintiff on a motion to dismiss, found
this sufficient. "There is no question that a false, negative
evaluation plus a discharge constitutes an adverse employment
action.
We therefore conclude that plaintiff has sufficiently
alleged an adverse employment action to survive a motion to
dismiss."
K.J.R.
AIDS Dementia May Vitiate Guilty Plea
A person suffering from AIDS-related dementia may be able to vacate
her guilty pleas as not having been knowing and intelligent, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit held.
__United States v.
Farmer__, 1997 WL 218805 (May 2).
When Dee Farmer pled guilty to
fraud charges in 1986, she was apparently suffering from
AIDS-related dementia.
(Farmer is a transsexual whose 8th
Amendment case concerning her mistreatment in prison went to the
Supreme Court.)
Farmer submitted her own affidavit, as well as
affidavits from two doctors in support of her motion to vacate the
guilty plea.
The government submitted no counter-affidavits, but
relied on Farmer's own statements under oath at the time of her
pleas that she was not using any drugs or under the care of a
doctor.
The 4th Circuit found that Farmer had raised a factual
issue as to her competency to make the pleas and remanded the case
to the lower court for an evaluation of Farmer's uncontroverted
evidence that she was impaired at the time.
D.W.
California Supreme Court Revives Damage Claim for Estate of PWA
Reversing a controversial decision by the state's court of appeal,
the California Supreme Court ruled May 5 in __Sullivan v. Delta Air
Lines__, 935 P.2d 781, that damages for pain and suffering are not
lost when a plaintiff dies while his case is pending on appeal.
In
a case involving a plaintiff with AIDS where the trial court had
awarded substantial pain and suffering damages, the lower court had
ruled that because such damages are personal to the individual
rather than mere compensatory claims, the plaintiff had to be alive
in order to receive them.
Joseph Sullivan filed discrimination and associated tort claims
against Delta Air Lines after his discharge in 1991.
The court
granted defense motions for summary judgment on some of his claims,
but allowed others to go to the jury.
The jury returned verdicts
for the defendant on some claims and for Sullivan on other claims.
One of the jury's actions was to award Sullivan damages for
emotional distress totaling $275,000.
A mistrial was declared on
one cause of action.
The court entered judgment in Sullivan's
favor on the claims where he prevailed before the jury and Delta
filed an appeal of the judgment.
Sullivan died while the appeal
was being briefed, and his mother, named in his will as sole
beneficiary, was substituted as plaintiff.
The court of appeal,
noting a statutory ban on recovery of damages for pain and
suffering if a plaintiff dies during the course of an action,
construed this to include an appeal of trial ruling.
In his decision for the court reversing the court of appeal,
Justice Stanley Mosk found that when a plaintiff dies after
judgment, the doctrine of abatement does not apply.
The opinion
contains a lengthy historical treatment of damages under California
law, tracing common law roots through various statutory enactments,
to conclude that the common law rule under which damages for non-
economic injury did not abate if the plaintiff died after winning
at trial had not been displaced by subsequent enactments, as
contended by the court of appeal.
Mosk concluded that for purposes
of this type of case, a judgment is considered "final" when
everything is completed at the trial phase and the matter is ready
to be appealed; thus, in a sense, the right to the damages has
accrued to the plaintiff and can only be divested by a reversal on
appeal, not be a mere act of God.
(I'm editorializing here, a
bit.)
The decision's significance for persons with terminal conditions is
obvious, since the court of appeals' ruling would give defendants
an incentive to needlessly string out appeals after losing at trial
in hopes that the plaintiff might die before payment comes due on
awards of damages for non-economic injuries.
A.S.L.
Michigan Appeals Court Adopts Estoppel Rule in Disability
Discrimination Case
A U.S. Third Circuit decision precluding a person with AIDS who was
receiving disability benefits from filing a discrimination suit
against his employer recently persuaded the Michigan Court of
Appeals to adopt a similar interpretation of its state disability
discrimination law in __Tranker v. Figgie International Inc.__, 561
N.W.2d 397 (Jan.3, released for publication April 4, 1997).
While on medical leave, Paul Tranker began receiving social
security disability benefits, claiming permanent disability.
Soon
after returning to work, Tranker was discharged.
He subsequently
filed a discrimination suit against Figgie International Inc.,
claiming his termination was a violation of the Michigan
Handicappers' Civil Rights Act (HCRA), a statute similar in scope
to the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA).
Both statutes
prevent the discharge of an employee because of a disability
unrelated to their ability to perform the duties of a particular
job or position.
Citing judicial estoppel, the Michigan Court of Appeals dismissed
Tranker's discrimination claim, holding a person cannot claim
disability under the Social Security Disability Insurance program,
and subsequently seek protection under the HCRA, which only covers
those whose disability does not hinder their ability to work. This
line of reasoning forces a person with a disability and a potential
discrimination suit to choose between seeking disability benefits,
and suing under the HCRA.
The Court of Appeals relied heavily on the reasoning laid out in
__McNemar v. Disney Stores__, 91 F.3d 610 (3rd Cir. 1996), where a
man with AIDS was prevented from pursuing a discrimination claim
under the ADA because he had previously declared his total
disability in order to receive social security benefits.
The 3rd
Circuit held that a person cannot be totally disabled, a
requirement to receive social security benefits, and yet have a
disability that does not prevent him from working, which is
necessary for protection under the ADA.
The court ruled that the
doctrine of judicial estoppel bars the second claim if it is
inconsistent from the first, in this case protection under the ADA.
S.M.R.
Court-Ordered HIV Test for Acts Committed Prior to Testing Statute
Does Not Violate Ex Post Facto Rule
In __People v. Adames__, 97 Cal.Rptr.2d 631 (April 14, 1997), the
California Court of Appeal ruled that court-ordered HIV testing of
a defendant convicted of continuous sexual abuse of a child prior
to enactment of the statute mandating such testing does not violate
the constitutional proscription against ex post facto laws.
A jury convicted Ernest Anthony Adames for committing three or more
acts of lewd or lascivious conduct with a child under the age of
14, such conduct ending in September 1994.
On appeal Adames argued
that his conviction violated due process because the jury was not
required to unanimously agree on the particular three incidents
underlying the conviction.
California's resident child molester
statute, sec. 288.5, states that the trier of fact "...need
unanimously agree only that the requisite number of acts occurred
not on which acts constitute the requisite number."
Presiding
Justice Vogel's opinion cites U.S. Supreme Court and California
court holdings that in criminal cases due process is not denied
when a state law dispenses with the need of jury unanimity to
convict, thereby criminalizing the continuous-course-of-conduct
rather than the specific act.
California Penal Code sec. 1202.1 mandates HIV antibody testing of
anyone convicted of listed sexual offenses.
A 1995 amendment added
violation of section 288 to the list of sexual offenses.
"Section
288 requires the specific intent of arousing, appealing to, or
gratifying the . . . sexual desires of [the defendant] or of the
child. . . A conviction for section 288.5, in contrast, could be
based upon a course of . . . . sexual conduct . . . which requires
no specific intent.
Adames was convicted of violation of sec.
288.5, not sec. 288.
The opinion states that 1202.1 is open to two
interpretations: that to require testing either the defendant must
be convicted of a violation of section 288, or alternatively the
defendant's conviction must encompass a crime that includes
violation of section 288.
The court held that the latter was the
legislative intent behind 1202.1.
The appellate court affirmed the HIV test order of the lower court,
referring to a holding by the California Supreme Court that a
court-ordered test does not constitute punishment and that a
defendant whose offense occurred prior to enactment of 1202.1 could
be tested under that statue.
The ordered test therefore violates
neither the constitutional proscription on ex post facto laws nor
the Penal Code proscription against retroactive application of the
law because no increase in punishment applies.
M.M.
NY Appellate Division Refuses to Certify Class Action in PWA
Benefits Dispute
People living with AIDS or HIV cannot collectively challenge the
New York City Department of Social Services' failure to process
applications for emergency moving benefits within 72 hours,
according to the New York Appellate Division, 1st Department.
__Hernandez v. Hammons__, 1997 WL 254104 (May 13). In denying class
certification, the First Department concluded that all applicants
are already protected by existing administrative procedures.
State DSS directives require that applications for qualified
emergency expenses -- consisting of rent security deposits,
brokers' fees and/or moving expenses -- be processed within 30
days.
Applicants in "immediate need" of emergency assistance may
bypass this waiting period and receive benefits, if eligible,
within 72 hours.
Local DSS districts determine whether an
applicant has an immediate need during an emergency interview.
Since the needs of applicants living with AIDS or HIV "lack factual
commonality," according to the court, it unanimously concluded that
class certification was not appropriate. I.T.
Life Term Upheld for HIV+ Rapist
The Georgia Court of Appeals affirmed a sentence of life plus
twenty years for Kim Gentry, an HIV+ man convicted by a jury of
rape and kidnapping.
__Gentry v. State__, 1997 WL 266956 (April
22).
As related in Judge Banke's opinion for the court, the victim
was waiting for a bus on a rainy night; Gentry drove up and ordered
her into his vehicle at gunpoint, parked in a secluded area and
forced her to have sexual intercourse, holding a gun during the
entire incident.
When the victim asked Gentry whether he had any
STD, he responded negatively, even though "he is admittedly HIV
positive and failed to use a condom."
Gentry claimed the trial court erred in letting the State introduce
testimony of his bad character.
Gentry testified at his own trial
that he and the victim had been dating, that their sex was
consensual, that he used a condom that "broke" and when she
expressed concern about becoming pregnant, he mentioned that he was
HIV positive, to which she reacted hysterically.
Gentry also
testified that he had previously been released from prison, and
"according to his parole stipulations although he was not required
to inform people he is HIV positive, he was required to practice
safe sex."
Gentry also testified that he had disclosed his prior
experience to the victim on an earlier date, but had not told her
that he had been imprisoned for attempted rape.
Based on this, the
court found that Gentry's testimony opened the door for the State
to cross-examine about his prior prison record and violation of
parole conditions.
The court noted that Gentry was specifically
informed on his prior discharge from prison that he was obligated
to disclose his HIV status to all sexual partners.
The court also rejected Gentry's other contentions of error and
ineffective assistance of counsel.
A.S.L.
District Court Calls For Reconsideration of Disability Application
by PWA
The U.S. District Court in Connecticut remanded for reconsideration
a Social Security Administration determination that a man with AIDS
was not entitled to Social Security disability benefits.
__Rodriguez v. Chater__, 1997 WL 202055 (April 14).
The District
Court found that the administrative law judge who heard the case
erred in classifying Rodriguez's work as light exertion instead of
medium, and in not addressing expert testimony stating that
Rodriguez suffered from severe depression that precluded him from
working full time.
In April of 1993 Rodriguez applied for social security benefits,
claiming that he suffered from severe fatigue and depression
resulting from his HIV infection.
In order to collect disability
benefits, Rodriguez had to prove that he was disabled prior to July
1995.
After an evidentiary hearing, the administrative law judge
found that Rodriguez had the capacity to perform light work and was
not disabled, and therefore not eligible for disability payments.
The District Court held that Rodriguez's duties required him to
perform work that required a medium level of exertion, a level he
was unable to perform.
The District Court also concluded that the
ALJ failed to discuss the testimony of three mental health
professionals, who stated that Rodriguez suffered from major
depression and would be unable to maintain a full-time job.
In its
decision, the District Court ordered that upon remand the ALJ must
explicitly address this testimony. S.M.R.
Employer's Insurance Policy Doesn't Cover Liability for AIDS
Discrimination
The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
granted summary judgment to an insurance company defending an
employer's breach of contract action for refusing to cover a claim
based on the employer's intentional failure to accommodate an HIV+
worker.
The court found that the company's liability was not due
to an "accident," as required by the policy. __Educational Testing
Service v. Liberty Mutual__, 1997 WL 220315 (April 18).
This is a
major defeat for employers who attempt to avoid economic loss by
intentionally discriminating against HIV/AIDS and other disabled
workers.
ETS had three insurance contracts with the Liberty Mutual
companies.
In 1992, Frank Perrault filed a complaint against ETS
for employment discrimination based on his HIV status and
intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress.
Perrault, employed by ETS from 1983 to 1991, was diagnosed with HIV
in 1989 and informed ETS.
In response, ETS adopted a rigid work
schedule policy requiring Perrault to stay in his office even when
there was no work to be done, making no allowances for his medical
condition.
ETS recommended that Perrault go on long term
disability.
When Perrault refused, ETS terminated him, thereby
causing him tremendous stress, emotional upheaval and depression.
Three months after his termination, ETS sent him a final
performance letter with serious criticisms of his work.
In November 1991, ETS made the first of three written tenders to
Liberty Mutual for defense and indemnity under its liability
insurance policies.
Liberty Mutual denied the requests, claiming
that Perrault's claims were either not covered or excluded.
ETS
tendered a third time in 1996; Liberty Mutual's non-response
triggered the instant suit.
Liberty Mutual moved for summary
judgment.
In 1994, ETS went to trial in state superior court on Perrault's
claim.
The court found ETS liable for failure to accommodate
Perrault based on medical condition, awarding Perrault $428,770 in
economic damages and $250,000 for emotional distress and other
non-economic damages, and found ETS liable for negligent infliction
of emotional distress based on the final review letter, awarding an
additional $50,000 for emotional distress.
The general liability policy obligates Liberty Mutual to defend
suits alleging damages caused by an "accident, including continuous
or repeated exposure to conditions, which results in `bodily
injury' . . . neither expected nor intended from the standpoint of
the insured."
The parties dispute whether Perrault's claims for
failure to accommodate his medical condition or for negligent
infliction of emotional distress describe "accidents."
District Judge Walker explains that under California insurance law
the insured need only show that the underlying claim may fall
within policy coverage; "the [insurer] must prove it cannot,"
citing __Montrose Chemical Corp. v. Whitaker__, 24 Cal. Rptr. 2d
467 (1993).
The court narrows the issue further, stating that a
failure to accommodate claim does not require a showing of
intentional discrimination but can be based on a failure to act or
other unintentional conduct. Because Perrault's complaint alleged
that ETS failed to accommodate his medical condition, ETS argues
that the claim could be proven by a showing of unintentional
conduct which would be an "accident" giving rise to a duty to
defend.
However, the court concludes that ETS' failure to accommodate was
intentional conduct that cannot be considered an "accident," citing
cases which established that the intentional application of an
employment policy with a discriminatory effect is not covered by an
accident insurance policy.
Here, ETS suddenly adopted and
selectively enforced a work schedule policy against Perrault that
constituted a failure to accommodate Perrault's condition.
The
Superior Court's holding that ETS' failure to accommodate was
precipitated by the order that Perrault stay in his office
regardless whether Perrault had any work to do established that
this was intentional conduct, not an accident.
The court reaches the same result regarding Perrault's claim for
negligent infliction of emotional distress.
To the extent that
this claim is based on the same facts as those supporting the claim
for failure to accommodate, the negligent infliction claim is not
an accident.
Likewise, if the claim is based on the mailing of the
letter, that too was intentional conduct and therefore not an
accident.
ETS also lost its fight under the Umbrella and the Workers'
Compensation policies.
The Umbrella policy obligates the insurer
to pay for personal injuries resulting from an "occurrence," which
is defined as an "injurious exposure to conditions, which results
in `personal injury' . . .
neither expected nor intended from the standpoint of the insured."
The Workers' Compensation policy "applies to bodily injury by
accident or bodily injury by disease," so long as the bodily injury
by disease was caused or aggravated by the conditions of ETS'
employment.
Both policies exclude damages caused by unlawful
discrimination.
Liberty Mutual argued and the court agreed that it had no duty to
defend because the claim fell into the discrimination exclusion.
However, the claim of negligent infliction of emotional distress
was not so clear.
ETS contended that it might have been based on
conduct separate and apart from the failure to accommodate claim,
because the negligent infliction of emotional distress claim was
based on the letter, while the discrimination claim was based on
failure to accommodate.
ETS lost again, because the reasonableness
of Liberty Mutual's decision to deny coverage for the Perrault
action must be based on the facts reasonably available to the
insurer at the time of tender. If the negligent infliction claim
was independent of the failure to accommodate claim, then Liberty
Mutual could not have discovered the facts giving rise to the
negligent infliction claim through reasonable investigation.
The
complaint tendered to Liberty Mutual makes no reference to the
final review letter on any other conduct apart from that which
gives rise to the discrimination claim.
Further nailing the coffin shut, Judge Walker ruled that ETS's
subsequent tenders did not create a duty to defend.
Both policies
contain exclusions for damages "arising out of" unlawful
discrimination.
In insurance parlance, "arising out of" refers to
a casual connection between the injury and the excluded risk.
California courts have found that such causal connection is present
where the third party injury would not have resulted "but for" the
excluded conduct.
The court reasoned that since the letter would
not have been sent absent ETS's failure to accommodate Perrault's
medical condition, the injuries suffered by Perrault after
receiving the letter arose out of ETS's discriminatory conduct.
Therefore, the claims based thereon were
excluded.
K.J.R.
District Courts Continue Disagreement Over Whether Medically-
Controllable Conditions Are Covered by ADA
U.S. District Judge Joanna Seybert (E.D.N.Y.) ruled in __Hendler v.
Intelecom USA Inc.__, No. 95-CV-2490 (April 15), (NYLJ, 5/13/97,
p.1), that a hostile work environment claim may be brought under
the Americans With Disabilities Act.
Stephen Hendler, who has
suffered from severe asthma since childhood and needs a smoke-free
environment, sued his former employer, claiming that he was
subjected to ridicule and discrimination when he complained about
second-hand smoke in the workplace.
Rejecting the employer's
argument that Hendler failed to state an ADA claim, Judge Sybert
scheduled the case for trial, finding that Hendler was
significantly impaired in the major life activity of "breathing,"
that control of his condition by medication did not take it out of
the category of a disability, and that Hendler's allegations, if
proven, could amount to a hostile environment.
Taking a different
view on the question whether medically-controllable conditions are
covered by the ADA, U.S. District Judge Ernest C. Torres ruled May
6 in __Hodgens v. General Dynamics Corp.__, 1997 WL 236677
(D.R.I.), that an employee who was taking a drug to control
hypertension could not claim to be a person with a disability.
Torres held that the relevant question for ADA coverage is whether
the medication produces side effects that are themselves
"impairments" of physical or mental functioning sufficient to
constitute a disability.
This debate has obvious potential
relevance for persons with HIV/AIDS who are benefiting from new
drugs sufficiently to want to return to the workforce.
A.S.L.
North Dakota Authorizes Detention for Persons Suspected of HIV
Infection
In an unprecedented measure that seems ripe for constitutional
challenge at its first incident of enforcement, North Dakota
enacted a law, effective July 1, that authorizes detention for up
to five days while awaiting HIV testing for any person who exposes
a police officer, firefighter, paramedic or health care worker to
blood or bodily fluids.
North Dakota already had on the books a
law requiring persons to submit to HIV testing if they caused a
"significant exposure" to a public safety worker, with the burden
on the public safety worker to show a "compelling need" for
testing.
The new law was passed in response to complaints from law
enforcement officers that there was nothing to prevent the
individual from fleeing the jurisdiction to avoid being tested.
The new law sets a "probable cause" standard for a detention order,
and, as in the old law, requires a showing of "significant
exposure."
The law was supported by legislators as affording
"peace of mind" to public safety personnel in circumstances where
they fear exposure to HIV.
The ACLU of the Dakotas has denounced
the measure as unconstitutional.
__AIDS Policy & Law__, May 2.
A.S.L.
Supreme Court Adopts Broad Reading of ERISA Discrimination
Provision
In __Inter-Modal Rail Employees Association v. Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Co.__, 1997 WL 235079 (May 12), the U.S. Supreme
Court adopted a broad interpretation of Section 510 of ERISA, which
forbids discrimination by an employer to prevent employees from
getting benefits to which they are entitled.
Most significantly,
the Court, in an opinion by Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, rejected
the argument that Section 510 applies only to benefits that vest.
Instead, the Court took the broader view, urged by the Clinton
Administration, that discrimination with respect to __any__
benefit, not just vested benefits, is covered.
Significantly,
Justice O'Connor dissented when the Court denied certiorari in
__McGann v. H. & H. Music Co., 946 F.2d 401, (5th Cir., 1991),
__cert. denied sub. nom.__ Greenberg v. H. & H. Music Co., 113
S.Ct. 482 (1992), a lawsuit alleging violation of Section 510 when
an employer amended its health benefits plan to place a cap on
AIDS-related benefits.
In __McGann__, the 5th Circuit held that a
discrimination claim could not be made with respect to continuing
receipt of health benefits, because such benefits do not vest under
ERISA. A.S.L.
No Interim Relief in Public Transit Dispute
U.S. District Judge Joe Billy McDade (C.D.Ill.) denied preliminary
injunctive relief in __Hamlyn v. Rock Island County Metropolitan
Mass Transit District__, 1997 WL 274644 (April 29), a suit
contesting the defendant's decision to exclude people with AIDS
from participation in a reduced fare public bus program for people
with disabilities.
Howard Hamlyn argued that his exclusion from
the program caused him severe emotional distress, thus meeting the
requirement of showing irreparable injury in order to get interim
relief pending a trial on the merits.
Judge McDade found that this
case actually concerned a monetary claim, normally not considered
worthy of interim relief, and expressed skepticism about Hamlyn's
emotional distress claim.
Responding to Hamlyn's argument that his
exclusion imposed a "stigma" of constitutional dimensions, McDade
wrote:
"The Court presumes that many people, including many of
those who carry the HIV virus, would not consider this to be a
stigma at all.
It would be ironic to discover that someone with
AIDS should suffer psychological harm simply because others treat
them as a normal member of the population." A.S.L.
AIDS Law Project Settles Funeral Home Dispute
The AIDS Law Project of Pennsylvania settled a discrimination case
against a major Delaware County funeral home, whose name must be
kept secret under terms of the settlement.
Under the settlement,
the funeral home must provide all its usual services regardless of
a decedent's HIV status or AIDS condition, consistent with the
requirements of state law and the Americans With Disabilities Act,
Title III.
For details, contact Nan Feyler, Executive Director of
the Project, at 215-587-9377.
A.S.L.
AIDS Confidentiality Breach Conviction
Gregory S. Wentz, a funeral director, was found guilty April 29 in
Pinellas County Court of violating Florida's AIDS confidentiality
laws by sending two newspapers and the county health department
computer disks containing a database of 4,000 names of individuals
with AIDS or HIV.
Wentz lived with William Calvert, a public
health official in charge of AIDS surveillance who made the rounds
of medical offices in Pinellas County keeping track of AIDS cases
and compiling data in his laptop computer.
When Wentz and Calvert
had a falling out, Wentz apparently sent data disks to the
newspapers and the county under the guise of an anonymous tip
concerning Calvert's lax security.
Calvert, who has already
admitted that he used the databases to screen potential dates, has
yet to be tried for his own violations of the law.
__AIDS Policy
& Law__, May 16.
A.S.L.
Puerto Rico Scales Back HIV Control Measures
Heading warnings from the ACLU that proposed public health
initiatives to deal with HIV crossed the line into unconstitutional
waters, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico has reportedly modified its
plans to delete some of the most objectionable features, including
requiring HIV+ persons to submit lists of all their sexual
contacts, authorizing doctors to secure mandatory testing orders
for persons they suspect may be HIV+, and name and address
reporting of HIV+ test results to public officials.
New
regulations went into effect temporarily on Jan. 31, but then were
suspended in response to protests.
__San Juan Star__, April 17.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Abrams, Kathryn, __The Supreme Court, Visibility, and the `Politics
of Presence'__, 50 Vanderbilt L. Rev. 411 (March 1997) (response to
Schachter, cited below).
Alexander, Larry, __Sometimes Better Boring and Correct:__ Romer v.
Evans__ as an Exercise of Ordinary Equal Protection Analysis__, 68
U. Colo. L. Rev. 335 (1997).
Astor, Hilary, __Mediation of Intra-Lesbian Disputes__, 20
Melbourne U. L. Rev. 953 (December 1996).
Baker, Lynn A., __The Missing Pages of the Majority Opinion in__
Romer v. Evans, 68 U. Colo. L. Rev. 373 (1997).
Becker, Susan J., __Child Sexual Abuse Allegations Against a
Lesbian or Gay Parent in a Custody or Visitation Dispute: Battling
the Overt and Insidious Bias of Experts and Judges__, 1996 Denver
U. L. Rev. 75 (1996).
Berger, James E., __Zoning Adult Establishments in New York: A
Defense of the Adult-Use Zoning Text Amendments of 1995__, 24
Fordham Urban L. J. 105 (1996) (boo! hiss!).
Bronitt, Simon, __The Right to Sexual Privacy, Sado-Masochism and
the__ Human Rights (Sexual Conduct) Act (Cth) __1994__, 2
Australian J. Hum. Rts. 59 (Dec. 1995).
Calvert, Clay, __Hate Speech and Its Harms: A Communication Theory
Perspective__, 47 J. Communication No. 1, 4 (Winter 1997).
Campos, Paul F., __Introduction to Symposium: Gay Rights and the
Courts: The Amendment 2 Controversy__, 68 U. Colo. L. Rev. 285
(1997).
Dailey, John Daniel, and Paul Farley, __Colorado's Amendment 2: A
Result in Search of a Reason__, 20 Harv. J. L. & Pub. Pol. 215
(Fall 1996).
de Vos, Pierre, __Same-sex Marriage, the Right to Equality, and the
South African Constitution__, 11 SA Publiekreg 355 (1996).
Eskridge, William N., Jr., __Democracy, Kulturkampf, and the
Apartheid of the Closet__, 50 Vanderbilt L. Rev. 419 (March 1997)
(response to Schachter, cited below).
Estin, Ann Laquer, __When__ Baehr__ Meets__ Romer__: Family Law
Issues After Amendment 2__, 68 U. Colo. L. Rev. 349 (1997).
Estlund, Cynthia L., __Freedom of Expression in the Workplace and
the Problem of Discriminatory Harassment__, 75 Texas L. Rev. 687
(March 1997).
Graglia, Lino A., Romer v. Evans__: The People Foiled Again by the
Constitution__, 68 U. Colo. L. Rev. 373 (1997) (sore loser!).
Grey, Thomas C., Bowers v. Hardwick__ Diminished__, 68 U. Colo. L.
Rev. 373 (1997).
Halley, Janet E., Romer v. Hardwick, 68 U. Colo. L. Rev. 373
(1997).
Heins, Marjorie, __Viewpoint Discrimination__, 24 Hastings Const.
L. Q. 99 (Fall 1996).
Henderson, Emma, __Of Signifiers and Sodomy: Privacy, Public
Morality and Sex in the Decriminalisation Debates__, 20 Melbourne
U. L. Rev. 1023 (December 1996).
Hutchinson, Darren Lenard, __Out Yet Unseen: A Racial Critique of
Gay and Lesbian Legal Theory and Political Discourse__, 29 Conn. L.
Rev. 561 (Winter 1997).
Johnston, Peter, __`More Than Ordinary Men Gone Wrong': Can the Law
Know the Gay Subject?__, 20 Melbourne U. L. Rev. 1152 (December
1996).
Kendell, Kathryn Dean, __Principles and Prejudice: Lesbian and Gay
Civil Marriage and the Realization of Equality__, 22 J. Contemp. L.
81 (1996) (writer is with the National Center for Lesbian Rights).
Kohm, Lynne Marie, __The Homosexual `Union': Should Gay and Lesbian
Partnerships be Granted the Same Status as Marriage?__, 22 J.
Contemp. L. 51 (1996).
Kushner, David, __The Communications Decency Act and the Indecent
Indecency Spectacle__, 19 Comm/Ent 87 (Fall 1996).
Lassiter, Christo, __Cyberspace and the Battle for the First
Amendment__, 30 LAW/technology 27 (1997).
LaViolette, Nicole, __The Immutable Refugees: Sexual Orientation
in__ Canada (A.G.) v. Ward, 55 U. Toronto Faculty of L. Rev. 1
(Winter 1997).
McGuinness, J. Michael, __Equal Protection for Non-Suspect Class
Victims of Governmental Misconduct: Theory and Proof of Disparate
Treatment and Arbitrariness Claims__, 18 Campbell L. Rev. 333
(Summer 1996).
Ramanathan, Erik D., __Queer Cases: A Comparative Analysis of
Global Sexual Orientation-Based Asylum Jurisprudence__, 11
Georgetown Immigration L.J. 1 (1996).
Rubenstein, William B., __Divided We Litigate: Addressing Disputes
Among Group Members and Lawyers in Civil Rights Campaigns__, 106
Yale L. J. 1623 (April 1997) (see comment below, under Specially
Noted).
Schachter, Jane S., Romer v. Evans__ and Democracy's Domain__, 50
Vanderbilt L. Rev. 361 (March 1997)(see responding articles by
Abrams, Eskridge, and Zeppos, noted herein).
Schmitz, Maxine G., __Mandatory Student Activity Fees in Public
Colleges and Universities: The Impact of__ Smith v. University of
California, 25 J. L. & Education 601 (Fall 1996).
Sharpe, Andrew Neville, __Anglo-Australian Judicial Approaches to
Transsexuality: Discontinuities, Continuities and Wider Issues At
Stake__, 6 Social & Legal Studies 23 (March 1997).
Spitco, E. Gary, __He Said, He Said: Same-Sex Sexual Harassment
Under Title VII and the `Reasonable Heterosexist' Standard__, 18
Berkeley J. Emp. & Lab. L. 56 (1997).
Strasser, Mark, __Fit to Be Tied: On Custody, Discretion, and
Sexual Orientation__, 46 Amer. U. L. Rev. 841 (Feb. 1997).
Stychin, Karl F., __Queer Nations: Nationalism, Sexuality and the
Discourse of Rights in Quebec__, 5 Feminist Legal Studies 3 (1997).
Tymkovich, Timothy M., John Daniel Dailey, and Paul Farley, __A
Tale of Three Theories: Reason and Prejudice in the Battle Over
Amendment 2__, 68 U. Colo. L. Rev. 287 (1997) (lawyers for state of
Colorado reargue __Romer v. Evans__, this time with footnotes).
Wintemute, Robert, __Recognising New Kinds of Direct Sex
Discrimination: Transsexualism, Sexual Orientation and Dress
Codes__, 60 Modern L. Rev. 334 (May 1997).
Woodhouse, Barbara Bennett, __"It All Depends on What You Mean by
Home": Toward a Communitarian Theory of the "Nontraditional"
Family__, 1996 Utah L. Rev. 569.
Zeppos, Nicholas S., __The Dynamics of Democracy: Travel, Premature
Predation, and the Components of Political Identity__, 50
Vanderbilt L. Rev. 445 (March 1997) (response to Schachter, noted
above).
__Symposia__:
__Gay Rights and the Courts: The Amendment 2 Controversy__, 68
Univ. of Colorado L. Rev. No. 2 (1997) (individual articles noted
above). * * * Symposium on the Family, 1996 Utah L. Rev. No. 2. *
* * Vol. XXIII, No. 4 (Summer 1996) of the Fordham Urban Law
Journal contains a symposium marking the 40th anniversary of the
founding of the New York City Commission on Human Rights, one of
the nation's first municipal human rights agencies. * * * A
"Colloquy" on children's rights and freedom of speech is published
in the Winter 1997 issue of the Connecticut Law Review, vol. 29,
no. 2.
Participants are Hugh Macgill, Nadine Strossen (President
of the ACLU), Stanley Fish, and Loftus E. Becker, Jr.
__Student Notes & Comments:__
Bruce, Teresa M., __Neither Liberty Nor Justice: Anti-Gay
Initiatives, Political Participation, and the Rule of Law__, 5
Cornell J. L. & Pub. Pol. 431 (Spring 1996).
Comment, __California's Sex Offender Notification Statute: A
Constitutional Analysis__, 33 San Diego L. Rev. 1195 (1996).
Martin, Sonia Renee, __A Child's Right to Be Gay: Addressing the
Emotional Maltreatment of Queer Youth__, 48 Hastings L.J. 167
(November 1996).
Petrie, Sean J., __Indecent Proposals: How Each Branch of the
Federal Government Overstepped Its Institutional Authority in the
Development of Internet Obscenity Law__, 49 Stanford L. Rev. 637
(February 1997).
Recent Case, __A Quick Case for Including Same-Sex Harassment Under
Title VII:__ Quick v. Donaldson Co., Inc., 90 F.3d 1372 (8th Cir.
1996), 20 Harv. J. L. & Pub. Pol. 615 (Winter 1997).
Russell, Cornelia Sage, Shahar v. Bowers__: Intimate Association
and the First Amendment__, 45 Emory L.J. 1479 (Fall 1996).
Wake, Paul, __Fundamental Principles, Individual Rights, and Free
Government: Do Utahns Remember How to Be Free?__, 1996 Utah L. Rev.
661.
__Specially Noted:__
In __Divided We Litigate__, 106 Yale L.J. 1623, Bill Rubenstein,
former director of the ACLU's Lesbian & Gay Rights and AIDS & Civil
Liberties Projects and soon to become a professor at UCLA Law
School, raises one of the most perplexing issues for the lesbian
and gay rights legal movement: How can the movement try to devise
a coordinated strategy for preserving and extending the legal
rights of lesbians and gay men under a litigation system in which
any aggrieved individual can file his or her own lawsuit,
frequently with the assistance of counsel who are not necessarily
fully conversant with the intricacies of lesbian/gay law, which may
then necessarily become the vehicle for higher courts to address
the issue?
Rubenstein illustrates the problem with examples from
his tenure with the ACLU.
He suggests some creative solutions,
including a proposal that federal rules be amended to require
federal judges to determine whether a lawsuit would raise important
legal issues for identifiable groups of which the plaintiff is a
member, and in such cases to require consultation with legal
organizations representing such groups in an inquiry toward
converting the lawsuit to a class action.
Rubenstein also suggests
modifications to the rules of professional responsibility to
incorporate the notion of attorneys in such cases having
responsibilities beyond the traditional, narrowly-defined loyalty
to their individual client.
Must reading for attorneys who are
litigating on lesbian and gay issues.
A.S.L.
__A Queer World: The Center for Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader__,
edited by Martin Duberman and published by New York University
Press, includes the following essays on legal topics: Anne B.
Goldstein, "Homosexual Identity and Gay Rights"; David A. J.
Richards, "Sexual Preference as a Suspect Classification"; Ruthann
Robson, "Convictions: Theorizing Lesbians and Criminal Justice";
David Chang, "Colin Powell's Reflection: Status, Behavior, and
Discrimination"; Kendall Thomas, "__Corpus Juris (Hetero)
Sexualis__: Doctrine, Discourse, and Desire in __Bowers v.
Hardwick__";
Arthur S. Leonard, "Equal Protection and Lesbian and Gay Rights".
Vol. 2, No. 1 of __International Journal of Discrimination and the
Law__ (1996) contains reviews of the following books: Wintemute,
__Sexual Orientation and Human Rights: the United States
Constitution, the European Convention, and the Canadian Charter__;
Didi Herman and Carl Stychin (eds.), __Legal Inversions: Lesbians,
Gay Men and the Politics of Law__; Eric Heinze, __Sexual
Orientation: A Human Right__.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Burr, Chandler, __The AIDS Exception: Privacy vs. Public Health -
The Case for Reinstating Traditional Rules for Fighting
Epidemics__, The Atlantic Monthly, June 1997, 57-67.
Carter, Derrick Augustus, __Knight in the Duel with Death:
Physician Assisted Suicide and the Medical Necessity Defense__, 41
Villanova L. Rev. 663 (1996).
Gostin, Lawrence O., & Zita Lazzarini, __Human Rights and Public
Health in the AIDS Pandemic__ (Oxford Univ. Press, 1997).
Howlett, J.P., __Women and HIV: The Barriers to Protection__, 5
Circles: The Buffalo Women's J. of L. & Social Pol. 20 (1997).
Reed, Pierce J., and Laura Davis Smith, __HIV, Judicial Logic and
Medical Science: Toward a Presumption of Noninfection in Child-
Custody and Visitation Cases__, 31 New Eng. L. Rev. 471 (Winter
1997).
Taylor, Allyn L., __Controlling the Global Spread of Infectious
Diseases: Toward a Reinforced Role for the International Health
Regulations__, 33 Houston L. Rev. 1327 (1997).
__Student Notes & Comments:__
Frink, Sarah E., __AIDS Behind Bars: Judicial Barriers to
Prisoners' Constitutional Claims__, 45 Drake L. Rev. 527 (1997).
Gussis, Chrysanthe, __The Constitution, the White House, and the
Military HIV Ban: A New Threshold for Presidential Non-Defense of
Statutes__, 30 Mich. J. L. Reform 591 (Winter/Spring 1997).
Harness, Melody L., __What is "Experimental" Medical Treatment?: A
Legislative Definition Is Needed__, 44 Cleveland State L. Rev. 67
(1996).
Williams, Kevin W., __The Reasonable Accommodation Difference: The
Effect of Applying the Burden Shifting Frameworks Developed Under
Title VII in Disparate Treatment Cases to Claims Brought Under
Title I of the Americans With Disabilities Act__, 18 Berkeley J.
Emp. & Lab. L. 98 (1997).
EDITOR'S NOTES
In the April 1997 __Law Notes__ we reported on a "cross-adoption"
of each other's children by a lesbian couple on Long Island, N.Y.,
and said that it "may be" the first of its kind in the U.S.
We
based this on a claim to that effect in the general media source
where we saw the story.
Since publishing that story, we have
received communications from lawyers in both Massachusetts and New
York indicating that they had previously succeeded in having such
adoptions approved.
We congratulate them and their clients, and
disclaim any ability to pinpoint primacy for this development! * *
* All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the
Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All comments
in Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is welcome
and will be published subject to editing. Please address
correspondence to the Editor or send by e-mail. A.S.L.