http://www.nacua.org/privacy-policy
Resource Library
By Topic
By Type
Journal of College & University Law
Volumes
Index by Topic
Instructions for Authors
Copyright Information
Editorial Board
Forthcoming Articles
Questions & Answers
The Law of Higher Education, 6th Edition
Search
Higher Education Compliance Alliance
Cases & Developments
Programs & Events
NACUA Annual Conference
CLE Workshops
Webinars
Briefings
Roundtables
Online Courses
Title IX Coordinator Training
Schedule
Instructors
FAQ
About
CLE
The Fundamentals of FERPA
Schedule
Instructor
FAQ
About
CLE
Conducting Effective Internal Investigations
Schedule
Instructors
FAQ
About
CLE
Lawyers New to Higher Education
Schedule
Instructors
CLE
FAQ
About
Recent Programs
Online Learning
Sponsorship
Speaker's Corner
News
NACUANEWS
CEO Corner
NACUA Announcements
NACUA Career Center
Recent Postings
Submit A Position
Resources
About NACUA
Mission and Values
Strategic Priorities
Diversity and Inclusivity
Membership
Join
Benefits and Services
Diversity and Inclusivity
Frequently Asked Questions
NACUA Leadership
Board of Directors
Committees
NACUA Staff
Honors and Awards
First Decade Award
Life Membership
Distinguished Service Award
Fellows of the Association
Honorary Membership
Articles and Bylaws
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
Effective as of November 2013
The National Association of College and University Attorneys (“NACUA” or “our” or “we”) is committed to and recognizes your need for protection and privacy. NACUA has developed this policy statement to assist end users (“you(r)” or “user(s)”) of the NACUA website listed below in understanding why NACUA collects particular personally identifiable information (the “Privacy Policy”). The following Privacy Policy summarizes the personally identifiable information gathering and use practices for NACUA’s United States website located at WWW.NACUA.ORG (or at mobile applications offered by NACUA) (collectively, for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the “Website”). Personally identifiable information (“PII”) includes information that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name, address, phone number or e-mail address.
OVERVIEW
In general, you can visit our Website without having to reveal any PII about yourself. We may, however, collect certain technical information from you (e.g., user Internet protocol addresses and domain names) to help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze the Website’s usage trends, track user movements on the Website, and to otherwise manage and monitor the Website. We may also share statistical or aggregated non-personal information about our users with NACUA’s business partners and other third-parties. This data is used to customize our Website content to deliver a better experience to our users. We also note that certain users are required to provide other PII in order to gain access to portions of the Website which require user identification and password log-in credentials.
COLLECTING PII
We collect PII from you when you seek to access certain portions of the Website or register for particular events or to make membership updates. Under such circumstances, we collect the following information from you:
Birth date Biographical information Date that you began the practice of higher education law Ethnicity Gender Certain information upon registration to attend any NACUA meeting (i.e., dietary restrictions and emergency contact information)
HOW WE USE AND SHARE PII
Once collected, we may use your PII in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to the following:
To provide member communications such as invoice reminders, order confirmations, program registrations, and member messages To answer your emails or online requests To deliver and process surveys To personalize and improve the usability of the Website
To fulfill and/or deliver NACUA products and services To provide (for members only) membership directories and registration lists To share information with our business partners in order to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you
METHODS OF COLLECTING INFORMATION
As noted above, as you use our Website we may collect or you may offer information that constitutes PII. However, certain other information, such as your Internet protocol address, may be collected through cookies and related data collection techniques to enhance and/or monitor your experience while using our Website. Many consider the use of cookies or other similar techniques to be industry standard. Consequently, your Web browser is likely set to accept cookies or allow such data collection. If you would prefer not to receive cookies or otherwise browse anonymously, however, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies or change your navigation preferences. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies or data collection, you should understand that it is possible that some areas of our Website will not function properly when you view them.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA DO-NOT-TRACK DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT
NACUA also may use certain methods and technologies to collect PII relating to each user’s online activities over time (i.e., through more than one visit to the Website) and across thirdparty websites or online services (i.e., through NACUA’s receipt of PII from other data sources). Any user who wishes to opt out of such PII collection may contact us by email, phone or mail per the contact information listed below in the section titled “CORRECTING, REMOVING OR UPDATING YOUR PII”.
SHARING YOUR PII WHEN LEGALLY NECESSARY OR TO PROTECT NACUA’S INTERESTS
In addition to the other reasons for disclosure referenced herein, NACUA may disclose your PII upon a good-faith belief, as determined by NACUA in its sole and absolute discretion, that such action is or would be necessary to: (a) conform to any actual or potential legal obligation, such as complying with legal process served on NACUA; (b) protect and defend the rights, property or interests of NACUA; or (c) protect the safety, property or rights of our users, NACUA personnel or members of the general the public.
SHARING YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS
Your email address will only be used by NACUA staff. We do not sell or rent email addresses to anyone outside of NACUA. NACUA will also not offer email addresses to unrelated third-parties.
MAILING LISTS
The PII of registrants of NACUA’s live meetings may be shared with third-party sponsors of these meetings for promotional purposes. This information provided will contain the name, title, institution, and mailing address of all meeting attendees. These lists will be available in hard copy to attendees at the meetings upon request. NACUA sells member mailing information upon request to certain organizations and entities and all requests go through an internal approval process. Only a member’s name, title, institution, and mailing address are included on these lists. Email addresses are not included. Any members may remove themselves from this mailing list by contacting us at membership@nacua.org.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES NACUA’s Website may contain links to other sites. You should be aware that these third-party sites may collect PII and are not controlled by NACUA. Therefore, such sites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. NACUA is not responsible for any content contained on any such Website. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites. As with our Website, NACUA recommends that you check the privacy policies of these sites to determine how the proprietors of such third-party sites will utilize your PII.
INFORMATION SECURITY
NACUA has industry standard security measures or safeguards in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under NACUA’s control. Although NACUA has endeavored to create a secure and reliable Website, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via the Internet cannot be guaranteed.
CORRECTING, REMOVING OR UPDATING YOUR PII
You may contact us to correct, modify, or delete the PII you provide to NACUA through the Website, namely, your name, e-mail address, phone number, or address, by emailing membership at membership@nacua.org or calling us at (202) 833-8390. Moreover, when you cease to use NACUA’s services or no longer wish to be included in any NACUA database accessible from the Website, you may contact NACUA to request removal of your information from our database(s) at the following address: National Association of College and University Attorneys, One Dupont Circle, Suite 620, Washington, DC, 20036. In the event that NACUA receives such a request or change, NACUA may require you to confirm or verify any change to your record. Please note, however, that the collection and uses of certain PII is necessary to 4 provide certain products and services through the Website and the deletion of such necessary information, e.g., an e-mail address, may render a particular service or NACUA’s ability to provide it inoperable.
CHILDREN
NACUA cares about the safety of children on its Website and encourages parents and guardians to monitor their children’s use of the Internet. Although the Website is suitable for a general audience, the Website is intended for use only by users who are over 18 years of age. Accordingly, NACUA does not knowingly solicit PII from children or send them requests for personal information.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
As NACUA, its membership, and its products and services change from time to time, this Privacy Policy may change as well. NACUA reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to amend the Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. If NACUA makes any such changes to this Privacy Policy, NACUA will post the changes at this location and provide notice of any material changes so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it to third-parties. Please review this Privacy Policy on a periodic basis. The date of the last revision to the Privacy Policy will be indicated by the “Last updated” date at the bottom of this page.
GOVERNING LAW
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia, U.S.A. If any part of this Privacy Policy is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision (or part thereof) will be replaced by a court of competent jurisdiction by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision or (part thereof) and the remainder of this Privacy Policy shall continue in full force and effect.
Last updated in November 2013