http://www.neptunesociety.com/terms
Click to Call Now
Call 1-800-NEPTUNE | 1-800-637-8863
Search Obituaries
Locations
Contact Us
Request Info
Plan Ahead
A Loved One Has Passed Away
Customer Service
Veterans
Resources
Plan Ahead
A Loved One Has Passed Away
Customer Service
Veterans
Resources
How can we help you?
A Loved One Has Passed Away (Report A Death)
A Loved One May Pass Away Soon
I'm Planning
for the Future
Terms of Service
Please read the following Terms of Service (“TOS”) carefully before using this website.
GENERAL AGREEMENT
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
REGISTRATION & PRIVACY
SECURITY
USE
NO REPRODUCTION OR PUBLICATION
YOUR ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
STORAGE
MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE
TERMINATION
ADVERTISERS
LINKS
DISCLAIMER
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
TRADEMARK INFORMATION
DISPUTE RESOLUTION; INFORMAL RESOLUTION AND FORMAL RESOLUTION BY ARBITRATION/CLASS ACTION WAIVER
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
LIMITED TIME TO FILE CLAIMS
CONSUMER PROTECTION NOTICE
GENERAL INFORMATION
‘ANIMAL SHELTER IN NEED’ MAIL REPLY CARD DONATION TERMS
1. GENERAL AGREEMENT. This website is offered by SCI Direct, Inc. and its parents and affiliates (collectively the “Company”). Our website and all use of it are governed by the following TOS. By viewing, using, accessing, browsing or submitting any content or material on or to this site, you agree to this TOS as a binding legal agreement between you and the Company to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. You further agree that the Company shall have the right to alter or amend the TOS or any other guidelines or policies at any time, with or without advance notice to you. You agree that each visit you make to this website and your continued use of our website shall confirm that you have read, accepted and agreed to be bound by such modifications of the TOS.
2. Please note that Section 21 entitled “Consumer Protection Notice” below, includes important limitations on the applicability of the TOS, including limitations on Sections 5, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 17, 19, and 20. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE. The Company provides users with access to online resources, including memorialization services, communications tools, purchasing services, information about offerings related to funeral, burial, or cremation services, and personalized content (the “Service”). Any new Service features shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Service is provided “AS-IS” and that the Company assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. To use the Service, you must obtain access to the World Wide Web, pay any service fees for such access, and provide all equipment necessary to make such connection.
3. REGISTRATION & PRIVACY. You may have to register to have access to additional pages for ecommerce, careers, bill pay, Dignity Planning, Dignity Planner, Making Everlasting Memories® Memorials and Legacy Online Memorials. Otherwise, there is no requirement or account registration. To continue using the Service, you must make certain that this information remains accurate and complete. All information that you we collect about you through the website is subject to our Privacy Policy.
4. SECURITY. You will receive a password and account name when you register. Please keep your password confidential at all times, because you are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and exit your account at the end of each session.
5. USE. The Service is intended for use only as provided in your Service Agreement. You agree not to use the Service for commercial purposes. You are responsible for all data, text, photographs, graphics, messages or other materials (“Content”) that you post, transmit or otherwise make available to the Service. The Company does not control the Content delivered to the Service and does not guarantee or make any representations regarding the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that the Company is not liable in any way for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of Content delivered to the Service. You further agree that you will not use the Service to:
Deliver Content that is or may be deemed abusive, defamatory, deceptive or misleading, hateful, obscene, prejudiced, threatening, vulgar or otherwise objectionable;
Deliver Content that contains software viruses or any other code, files or programs designed to damage or disrupt any software, hardware or telecommunications equipment;
Interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service;
Deliver Content which contains copyrighted content without the express written permission of the owner of the copyrighted content, or infringes upon any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right;
Deliver Content which harms or is inappropriate for minors to view;
Attempt to modify, alter, recreate or otherwise use the Company’s website or the Service for any purpose other than as specifically permitted;
Collect or store personal data about other users;
Violate any applicable law or regulations;
Deliver Content that any law or other obligation prohibits you from delivering; or
Harm or harass any person or entity.
You also agree that you will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to copy our website or its Content for any purpose without express written permission of the Company. You agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to attempt to interfere with the proper working of this website or the Service. You agree not to circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls, or is intended to control, access to this website or its Content. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes in the Company’s sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Company’s infrastructure.
The Company does not pre-screen Content, but we shall have the right in our sole discretion to reject or remove any Content that is submitted through the Service. You agree to evaluate and bear all risks associated with the use of any Content. You further agree to comply with all applicable laws of the country, state or province, and locality in which you reside regarding online conduct, acceptable Content and the transmission of technical data.
You acknowledge and agree that the Company may preserve Content. Furthermore, the Company may disclose Content if, in the exercise of reasonable judgment, (i) the Company determines that disclosure is necessary to enforce the TOS, respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties, or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its affiliates, its users and the public or (ii) the Company’s legal counsel determines that appropriate legal process requires disclosure.
You grant the Company and related entities a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, publish, transmit, perform, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works from all Content you provide in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, you authorize the Company to include the Content you provide in a searchable format that may be accessed by users of this Site and other websites. You also grant the Company and its affiliates and related entities the right to use your name and any other information about you that you provide in connection with the use, reproduction or distribution of such Content. You also grant the Company the right to use the Content and any facts, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques (“Information”) contained in any Content or communication you send to us for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, promoting and/or marketing products and services. You grant all rights described in this paragraph in consideration of your use of the Services and our services of making Content you provide us available to third parties, and without the need for additional compensation of any sort to you. The Company does not claim ownership of Content you submit.
6. NO REPRODUCTION OR PUBLICATION. Images, text, or other information posted or found on this website are solely for the use of users who agree to abide by this TOS and the Company’s Privacy Policy, and may not be used, reproduced, or published for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without the express written permission of the Company and the owner of the images, text, or other information.
7. YOUR ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY. Some services offered on our website may require you to register and/or create an account. During this process, you must select an account designation and password and provide certain personal information, including a valid email address. In consideration of the use of the Company’s services, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form, and (b) maintain and promptly update the personal information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or the Company has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, the Company has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof).
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your account and password, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account, and for any other actions taken in connection with the account or password. You agree to (a) immediately notify the Company of any known or suspected unauthorized use(s) of your password or account, or any known or suspected breach of security, including loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of your password or credit card information; and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we will not be liable for any injury, loss or damage of any kind arising from or relating to your failure to comply with (a) and (b) or for any acts or omissions by you or someone else using your account and/or password.
8. STORAGE. You acknowledge that the Company may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the number of days that memorial postings or other uploaded Content will be retained, the size of any message that may be posted, the disk space that will be allotted on the Company’s servers on your behalf, and the amount of time during which you may access the Service.
9. MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE. The Company reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. In addition, The Company’s ability to provide the Service is contingent upon many factors that may be out of the Company’s control, including, but not limited to, the continued availability of the internet as it presently exists or other technologies that may be available in the future that would allow for the continuation of such Service in essentially the same manner as they are provided today. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that the Company shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service for any reason.
10. TERMINATION. You agree that the Company, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account or use of the Service, and may remove and discard any Content within the Service if the Company believes that you have violated the letter or spirit of the TOS. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this TOS may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that the Company may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you further agree that the Company shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service pursuant to this Section.
11. ADVERTISERS. Your communication and interaction with advertisers found on or through the Service are solely between you and such advertiser. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that the Company is not liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of the acts or omissions of such advertisers.
12. LINKS. The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that the Company has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability or Content of such external sites or resources. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
13. DISCLAIMER. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly understand and agree that your use of the Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Company expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability and non-infringement. The Company makes no warrant that (i) the Service will meet your requirements, (ii) the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free, (iii) the quality of any products, services, information or other material purchased or obtained by you through the Service will meet your expectations, or (iv) any errors in the Service will be corrected.
You also expressly understand and agree that (i) any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data resulting from the download of such material and (ii) no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from the Company or through or from this Service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in this TOS.
14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you understand and agree that the Company and its affiliates are not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages (even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages) resulting from: (i) your use or inability to use the Service; (ii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iii) statements or conduct of any third party on the Service; or (iv) any other matter relating to the Service.
15. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, as set forth in Section 21 (“Consumer Protection Notice”) below, some of the above limitations of Sections 13 and 14 may not apply to you.
16. TRADEMARK INFORMATION. Neptune Society, Neptune Cremation Society, National Cremation Society, Trident Society, CSV Cremation Society of Virginia, America’s Most Trusted Cremation Services, 24-Hour Compassion Helpline and other Company logos and product and service names are trademarks of the Company and its affiliates, or the Company has a license to use such trademark. You agree not to display or use in any manner any of these without our prior written permission. INDEMNITY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold the Company, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim, demand or loss made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of the rights of any other person or entity.
17. DISPUTE RESOLUTION; INFORMAL RESOLUTION AND FORMAL RESOLUTION BY ARBITRATION/CLASS ACTION WAIVER
In order to expedite and control the cost of disputes, you and the Company agree that any legal or equitable claim relating to use of this website or the use or purchase of any Service from this website (referred to as a “Claim”) will be resolved as follows:
A. Informal Resolution:
You and the Company will first attempt to resolve any Claim informally. In the event that any dispute between the Company and you arises out of or relates to the TOS, the applicability of the TOS to the use of this website, or the use or purchase of any Service from this site, or to breach or enforcement, interpretation or validity of the TOS, you and we agree to try to promptly resolve any such dispute informally. Please send a written notice describing the dispute to cs@scidirect-us.com.
B. Formal Resolution by Arbitration/Class Action Waiver:
READ THE FOLLOWING ARBITRATION PROVISION CAREFULLY, IT LIMITS YOUR RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION. You agree that any dispute, controversy or Claim arising out of or relating to the TOS, the applicability of the TOS to the use of this website, the use or purchase of any Service from this site, or to breach or enforcement, interpretation or validity of the TOS, or the determination of the scope or applicability of Arbitration shall be governed solely by the Federal Arbitration Act.
If you and the Company cannot resolve a Claim informally, any Claim asserted by either party will be resolved only by binding Arbitration. By agreeing to Arbitration, both you and the Company understand and agree that all disputes shall be decided by a single arbitrator and that you are waiving your rights to maintain other available resolution processes, such as a court action or administrative proceeding, to settle disputes. Instead of suing in court, both you and the Company each agree to settle disputes (except certain small claims) only by Arbitration. ARBITRATION MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. The rules in Arbitration are different. There is no judge or jury, and review is limited, but an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief, and must honor the same limitations stated in these TOS as a court would.
The Arbitration will be conducted under the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures (referred to as the “JAMS Rules”) and under the rules set forth in these TOS. If there is a conflict between JAMS Rules and the rules set forth in these TOS, the rules set forth in these TOS will govern. You may, in Arbitration, seek any and all remedies otherwise available to you pursuant to the law of the governing state. If you decide to initiate Arbitration, the Company agrees to pay the Arbitration initiation fee and any additional required deposit required by JAMS to initiate your Arbitration. You and the Company agree to pay the costs of the Arbitration proceeding provided however that if you are a consumer you shall not be required to pay more than $250.00 of the fees or such amount as the JAMS Rules may later prescribe. All other fees, such as attorneys’ fees and expenses of travel to the Arbitration, will be paid in accordance with JAMS Rules. The Arbitration will be held at a location in your home town area if possible, unless you and the Company both agree to another location or telephonic Arbitration. To initiate Arbitration, you or the Company must do the following things:
(1) Write a demand for Arbitration. The demand must include a description of the Claim and the amount of damages sought to be recovered. You can find a copy of a Demand for Arbitration at www.jamsadr.com.
(2) Send three copies of the Demand for Arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee to: JAMS [to your local JAMS office] or to JAMS, 8401 N. Central Expressway, Suite 610, Dallas, TX 75225.
(3) Send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to the other party.
Special Rules in the Arbitration Proceeding. (i) The arbitrator has no authority to make errors of law and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator does so. Otherwise, the arbitrator’s decision is final and binding on all parties and may be enforced in any Federal or State court that has jurisdiction. (ii) Neither you nor the Company shall be entitled to join or consolidate claims in Arbitration by or against other individuals or entities, or arbitrate any claim as a representative member of a class or in a private attorney general capacity. THIS MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO INITIATE OR PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION WHATSOEVER. Accordingly, you and the Company agree that the JAMS Class Action Procedures do not apply to our Arbitration. A court may sever any portion of this dispute resolution provision if it finds such unenforceable. Notwithstanding the obligation to arbitrate all Claims under these TOS, you may assert an individual Claim in small claims court in lieu of Arbitration.
18. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.
The TOS and the relationship between you and the Company shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Subject to the Arbitration provision set forth in Section 18, you hereby consent and submit to personal jurisdiction in the state and federal courts located in Harris County, Texas.
19. LIMITED TIME TO FILE CLAIMS.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that you will assert any Claim arising out of your use of this website or the use or purchase of any Service from this site within two (2) years after the Claim arises, or such Claim will be barred.
20. CONSUMER PROTECTION NOTICE. Please note that, if you are a consumer, the limitations in the TOS are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of your state of residence.
If you are a New Jersey consumer, the terms of Sections 5, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 17, 19, and 20 do not limit or waive your rights under New Jersey law and the limitations in these TOS are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of the State of New Jersey.
Subject to the foregoing, we reserve all rights, defenses and permissible limitations under the laws of the State of New Jersey and under the laws of your state of residence. Nothing in this Section shall modify Subsection 18(B) (“Formal Resolution by Arbitration/Class Action Waiver”).
21. GENERAL INFORMATION. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties agree that the court should try to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect.
Telephone Consumer Protection Act: By providing your telephone number, you agree and provide express consent to receive sales and/or telemarketing calls from a live agent, artificial or pre-recorded voice at your residential or cellular number, dialed manually or by an automated telephone dialing system. You may revoke this consent at any time.
22. ‘ANIMAL SHELTER IN NEED’ MAIL REPLY CARD DONATION TERMS
For every 10,000 qualified responses received, Neptune Society will donate $1,000 to an animal shelter in need, up to $5,000 in total. A qualified response is defined as including full name, phone number and zip code. The promotion period runs from March 5, 2019 through December 31, 2019.
Recent Reviews
They were great. At a hard time, they were there... Read MoreThey were great. At a hard time, they were there for me.
Gary T.
West Covina, CA
Fortunately, my parents had made and paid for, their final... Read MoreFortunately, my parents had made and paid for, their final arrangements ahead of time with Neptune Society. This was truly a final gift from them to us. Overall, having Neptune Society handle the details was wonderful. However, more specifically, Dave and Dawn in Albuquerque were more than wonderful. They both are kind, caring, and patient which is exactly what one needs while dealing with the death of a loved one. So, from our family, Thank you, Dave and Dawn!
Mary Beth F.
Albuquerque, NM
I really like the idea of someone visiting your home... Read MoreI really like the idea of someone visiting your home and discussing cremation Services which is a sensitive issue for most people. It makes it extremely comfortable and more personal. Tiffany is such a lovely person and took her time explaining the process. We had a few days to think about it and discuss it with the family and finally made the decision to purchase the cremation plan. It all went very smoothly in the comfort of my own home.
Animeisbae C.
Boston, MA
Not a "fun" topic but Kristi was terrific in helping... Read MoreNot a “fun” topic but Kristi was terrific in helping me “pre-plan” the inevitable. Thank you, Kristi!!
Gary J.
Omaha, NE
Thank you for making a Very Difficult time very easy... Read MoreThank you for making a Very Difficult time very easy for me and my girls. I felt we were in good hands the whole time 24/7.
Kathy T.
Creve Coeur, MO
Corey is fantastic at helping folks through the process that... Read MoreCorey is fantastic at helping folks through the process that isn’t always easy to talk about. Thank you, Corey!
Mandi M.
Omaha, NE
I wasn't directly involved in the arrangements after my father... Read MoreI wasn’t directly involved in the arrangements after my father passed, but I was touched by the care and attention that Corey gave my family. It’s been almost a year since I was there but I have recommended Neptune to all of my friends since then.
LuAnn C.
Omaha, NE
No one wants to think about death, especially your own.... Read MoreNo one wants to think about death, especially your own. With everything that’s going on in the world, Brian and I thought we should plan and pay for what we want. After much research, we went with Neptune Cremation. Tiffany came out and gave me a presentation right on my front porch. I feel like they go above some of the other companies.
Kathy M.
Boston, MA
My experience with Bill and his staff was absolutely top-notch.... Read MoreMy experience with Bill and his staff was absolutely top-notch. They were compassionate, concerned, and thoroughly professional. They made the entire process both pleasant and easy. There was no sales pressure. I was shown all the appropriate options and was able to calmly make my own procedural and financial decisions. I am happy to HIGHLY recommend Neptune Society’s skills to anyone needing the very best of cremation services. THANK YOU BILL!
John H.
Tallahassee, FL
I had a truly wonderful experience with Neptune. The support... Read MoreI had a truly wonderful experience with Neptune. The support throughout the whole process was and still is amazing. Losing a loved one is never easy. The passing of my dad was one of the most difficult times in my life but working with Neptune provided me with peace and assurance that everything would be taken care of. I would highly recommend Neptune!
Kimberly L.
Hartford, CT
Recent Posts
Four Tips for Staying Healthy as We Age
Published: November 19, 2020
As we get older, what our bodies need to stay healthy begins to shift. Due to different nutritional needs, and the slowing of the metabolism, people begin to burn fewer calories naturally once they get older. When this occurs, eating foods that provide the best nutritional value without being high in calories is the best
Read More »
Read More »
How to Grieve When a Funeral is Not Possible
Published: April 17, 2020
The coronavirus pandemic has fundamentally changed how we live, but perhaps even more heartbreaking, how we are able to grieve. Social distancing has prevented holding funerals or otherwise gathering to mourn the loss of our loved ones, and even a comforting touch or hug isn’t safe.
Read More »
Palliative Care vs. Hospice Care: Understand the Difference
Published: August 1, 2019
Palliative care and hospice care have a common purpose: to provide compassionate care and relief from pain and stress to people with serious, life-limiting illnesses. But the goals of each are different. Read on for more information regarding the differences between palliative and hospice care.
Read More »
Coping with the Loss of a Spouse or Partner
Published: June 13, 2019
When you’ve lost your life mate, it’s often an effort just to get through the day. In your grief and sadness, you may feel shock, anxiety, fatigue, depression, even anger at your partner for dying. Read on for tips on coping iwth the loss of a spouse or partner.
Read More »
Free Resources
Articles
Ask a Funeral Director
Subscribe to the 12 Weeks of Peace E-Newsletter
Subscribe to the Thinking Ahead E-Newsletter
The Conversation Guidebook
A Guide to Cremation and Burial for Veterans
Resources
Cremation Answer Book
Frequently Asked Questions
Obituaries
Ebook Library
Unique Ways to Memorialize Cremation Ashes
FAQ Videos
A Complete Guide for When A Loved One Passes
The Essential Veteran Death Benefits and Memorialization Guide
The Ultimate Cremation Preplanning Guide
How to Get a Death Certificate
The Trustworthy Cremation Provider Guide
Our Locations
Choose Your State
Arizona
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Nebraska
Nevada
New Jersey
New Mexico
North Carolina
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Washington
Our Services
Preplan A Cremation
Immediate Need Services
Veteran Cremation
Merchandise
Online Cremation Planning
About Us
Company Overview
About Cremation
Locations
Neptune Society Partners
Neptune Society In The News
Press Releases
The Neptune Society Memorial Reef
The San Francisco Columbarium
The Ask A Funeral Professional Series
Contact us
Customer Service
Report a Loved One’s Passing
Request Information
Request
Cremation Cost Quote
Bill Pay
Careers
Request a Visit
Leave a Review
Website Accessibility
About Neptune Society
Neptune Society is the largest provider of affordable cremation services in the nation. Thanks to the loyal support of generations of families, we’ve now grown to 45 locations nationwide with continued expansion in the future. Over the past 47+ years, our experienced team has assisted families, their loved ones, and caregivers in carrying out final wishes more affordably, with dignity and respect. Please contact your local Neptune Society office for cremation prices, and to learn more about our cremation service.
© 2020 Neptune Society. All rights reserved.
Sitemap | Legal Notices and Disclaimers | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | California Residents Goods and Services Info | Opt Out
Additional Legal Information | Additional Legal Information Regarding Veterans Offerings
Oregan Residents: Please note that in the State of Oregon, Funeral Board Rule 830-040-0000(3) requires our trade name include the identification of our funeral activity or function. As such, in the State of Oregon Preneed Crematory Sales and Services are conducted under the trade name “Neptune Cremation Service.” Ohio Residents: Neptune Society is affiliated with Okerwall Funeral Home.Texas Residents: For additional information regarding prepaid funeral contracts, please visit the website www.prepaidfunerals.texas.gov which is maintained by the Texas Department of Banking. Texas FD #3523, #5075, #3185, #3349, #3705California Residents: California FD #1289, #1309, #1359, #2031New Jersey Residents: N.J. Lic. No. 5260 Daniel J. Enea, Manager. | All testimonials are written by persons unlicensed and not qualified to make funeral arrangements, embalm or conduct a funeral.
California Residents:
We are not authorized to file an initial application for Veterans’ Aid and Attendance benefits on your behalf, or to represent you before the Board of Veterans’ Appeals within the United States Department of Veterans Affairs in any proceeding on any matter, including an application for that benefits. It would be illegal for me to accept a fee for preparing that application on your behalf.
This event is not sponsored by, or affiliated with, the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, the California Department of Veterans Affairs, or any other congressionally chartered or recognized organization of honorably discharged members of the Armed Forces of the United States, or any of their auxiliaries. None of the insurance products promoted at this sales event are endorsed by those organizations, all of which offer free advice to veterans about how to qualify and apply for benefits.
Oregon Residents:
This program is not financed by or connected in any manner with any governmental agency or veteran’s or other organization.
×
Contact Us Today
Fill out the form below to access your Free Cremation Planning Guide.