https://www.lyngblomsten.org/news-events/coronavirus-disease-2019-updates/how-you-can-help/
How You Can Help Lyngblomsten during COVID-19
Federal health guidelines require us to restrict visits to our campus at this time, but that doesn’t mean you can’t help.  More than ever, Lyngblomsten needs compassionate people to help our residents, tenants, and staff remain physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually well.  Writers, quilters, artists, and everyone in between—you all can help make a difference!  Below are more details on how you can help.
Send a Card or Email
We know it's vital to keep our residents and tenants connected with people who care about them.  We've created a set of emails that you can use to send notes, photos, and more to brighten the days of older adults who may not have their own email or cellphone.  Find the building your loved one lives in and send a message (please include their full name) to the associated address.
Lyngblomsten Care Center 1415 Almond Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55108 letters1415@lyngblomsten.org
Lyngblomsten Apartments
1455 Almond Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55108letters1455@lyngblomsten.org
The Heritage at Lyngblomsten
1440 Midway Parkway, St. Paul, MN 55108letters1440@lyngblomsten.org
Don't know someone living on our campus but want to contribute?
Send something encouraging—a note, a poem, or artwork—and we'll share it with our residents and tenants!  In this time of social distancing, we can still come together to support those who need it most!  Notes or posters of encouragement for staff would also be appreciated (use the 1415 Almond Avenue address).
Donate Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Lyngblomsten is accepting donations of several PPE items, including:
Disposable gloves (unopened boxes only)
Gowns
Surgical masks (disposable or reusable)
N95 respirators
Click here to download our PPE Donation Guide, which includes photos of the items we need.
Drop-off hours:
Donations are being accepted Monday thru Friday between 9 AM and 7 PM.
To drop off your donation:
Drop off your PPE donation in the bin just inside our main entry at 1415 Almond Avenue in St. Paul.  Once you drop off your donation, please exit our facility immediately.  Please enclose your donation in a sealed plastic bag.
For more information about PPE donations:
Contact Brenda Johnson at 651.632.5387.
Sew Personal Protective Equipment
We urgently need help with sewing.
We are very grateful for the homemade face masks that have been donated!  So many people helped with that effort, and we currently have enough face masks; thank you!
Our need now is for surgical caps and gowns.
Sewing instructions:
For surgical capsView instructions for creating the surgical cap by clicking here and download the cap pattern by clicking here.
For gownsWe do not have a pattern, but the specifications are:  knee-length, crew neck, long sleeves (ideally cuffs at wrists or thumb hole so that gloves, which go on over the gown, won’t push up the sleeves), two ties—one at neck and one at waist, and open at the back.
For fabric, ideally water-repellant material, but that may be difficult to get.
Drop-off hours:
Donations are being accepted Monday thru Friday between 9 AM and 7 PM.
To drop off your donation:
Drop off your PPE donation in the bin just inside our main entry at 1415 Almond Avenue in St. Paul.  Once you drop off your donation, please exit our facility immediately.  Please enclose your donation in a sealed plastic bag.
Sorry, due to staffing constraints, we’re not able to connect those who have extra fabric with sewers/quilters who would like to participate but need material.
Serve as a Resident Care Aide
Help us maintain our high care standards during COVID-19 by joining Lyngblomsten as a temporary Resident Care Aide.  This NEW employee position performs many of the same duties as a Nursing Assistant, which includes assisting residents with personal cares, dressing and grooming, mealtimes, and more.
No healthcare work experience needed; just a can-do attitude and a love for older adults!  Must be at least 18 years old.  Training consists of taking this 9-hour online course (FREE) and successfully passing an in-person skills assessment.  When you sign up for the online course, list Maddy Bean (mbean@lyngblomsten.org) as your supervisor.
Spread the word and invite your family, friends, and neighbors to apply!  For more information, contact Maddy Bean in Human Resources at mbean@lyngblomsten.org or 651.632.5303 or visit our Employment page.
COVID-19 HomeLatest UpdatesVisitation PoliciesServices & Events AffectedFrequently Asked QuestionsHow You Can Help LyngblomstenSchedule a Visit
Contact us:
651.646.2941