https://www.happyhippie.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Happy Hippie Eco Shopping Directory
CBD / Hemp Oil Directory
Eco Blog
Add Your Business
Add Your Business
Cart
About
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY – UPDATED MAY 25, 2018
For the purposes of this privacy policy “Happyhippie.com ” refers to this website, blog, and emails. It also includes all Happyhippie.com  social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest) in respect of information posted by Happyhippie.com (please note, responsibility cannot be accepted for posts made by other people).
By using Happyhippie.com , you are consenting to this privacy policy.
We do not share personal information with third-parties nor do we store information we collect about your visit to this blog for use other than to analyse content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser’s settings. We are not responsible for the republishing of the content found on this blog on other Web sites or media without our permission. This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Happyhippie.com  may collect personal and non-personal information when you provide it to us when using the Website. To use Happyhippie.com , you may provide personal information including your name, address, email address and billing information (confidential information), or you may offer or provide comments, photos, images, videos or any other submission when visiting or interacting with Happyhippie.com . By providing such information, you grant Happyhippie.com  permission to use and store such information.
When you subscribe to any service, including email, we may collect your name, address, email address, and other information requested during the registration process.
We will use your email address to keep you up to date with Happyhippie.com  by email.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Happyhippie.com  may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies. The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:
Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
Mail Chimp – this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications. Please refer to Mail Chimp’s privacy policy for further information.
DISQUS – this service is used for blog comments on Happyhippie.com . Please refer to their privacy policy here.
Paypal – business listings are sold using the Paypal.com ecommerce platform. Please read their privacy policy here. We never sell or share your information. You will only be contacted when your business listing has been listed and is live, and when it expires.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion.
Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, we may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND DISCLOSURE
We aim to keep the confidential information that you share with us confidential. Please note that Happyhippie.com  may disclose such confidential information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that;1) such action is necessary to protect and defend our rights or property or those of our users or licensees, 2) to act as immediately necessary in order to protect the personal safety or rights of our users or the public, or 3) to investigate or respond to any real or perceived violation of this privacy policy or of our disclaimer, terms and conditions, or any other terms of use or agreement with Happyhippie.com .
VIEWING BY OTHERS
Please note that whenever you voluntarily make your information (confidential or otherwise) available for viewing by others online through Happyhippie.com , it may be seen, collected and used by others. Happyhippie.com , therefore, cannot be responsible for any unauthorised or improper use of the information you share.
UNSUBSCRIBE AND ANTI-SPAM POLICY
Happyhippie.com  has a no spam policy and provides you with the ability to opt-out of communications.
You may unsubscribe from our newsletters (via Mail Chimp) or any other email services by using the unsubscribe link at the footer of all email communications.
Happyhippie.com  manages email lists through a list management system and therefore, unsubscribing from one list may not automatically remove you from all lists. If you have any questions or are experiencing any problems with unsubscribing, please contact meg@Happyhippie.com .
Happyhippie.com  will not sell, rent or share your email address.
USE OF COOKIES
Happyhippie.com  may use the standard “cookies” feature of major web browsers. You may choose to disable cookies through your own web browser’s settings, however, this may diminish your experience of the Happyhippie.com  website and some features may not work as intended.
OTHER WEBSITES
Happyhippie.com  has no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of any other individual, company or entity whose website or materials may be linked to Happyhippie.com  or its content, and Happyhippie.com cannot be held liable for the privacy of the information on their website or the information that you voluntarily share on their website. Please review their privacy policies for guidelines as to how they respectively store, use and protect the privacy of your information (confidential or otherwise).
PUBLICLY VISIBLE INFORMATION
If you leave a comment, certain information may be publicly visible.  We use a third party commenting service called DISQUS. Read their policy here. To create a user profile, you must choose a username and password and input your email address for profile confirmation.  Your email address will never be available publicly. At your option, you may also add an avatar, a profile description, and a link to your website.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
Happyhippie.com  may use your contact information to inform you of changes to Happyhippie.com  and its content, or, if requested, to send you additional information about us. Happyhippie.com  reserves the right to change, modify or otherwise alter the website, its content and this privacy policy at any time. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon posting an updated privacy policy. Please review this policy periodically.
DirectoryAccessories/Shoes
Activism
Art/Handmade
Beauty/Body
Books/Blogger/Websites
CBD Oil/Medical Marijuana
Clothing – Hippie/Handmade
Clothing – Organic/Sustainable
Eco Home/Kitchen
Garden/Farming
Green Building/Solar
Health/Supplements
Jewelry
Kids/Babies
Natural Food & Beverage
Pets
Recreation/Eco-Tourism
Toys Eco-Friendly
Wholesale
SocialView happyhippieecodirectory’s profile on FacebookView happyhippiesite’s profile on TwitterView happyhippiesite’s profile on InstagramLooking for something?
Search
Our SponsorsEmail UsersExisting Email Users - Log in Here.
Please note: Happyhippie.com is an Eco-Friendly Products & Services Directory. We do not sell any products directly. Happyhippie.com charges a listing fee to be included in the directory. Please note some advertising and links may be affiliate links, which means we may receive a small fee should you click on them. Please click here to read our FTC Disclosure Policy. Should you find a dead link, or have any problems with a retailer, please let us know. Thanks! The Happy Hippies