https://www.beautifullymodest.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - beautifullymodest
Home
Dresses
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Beautifully Modest respects the privacy of our customers. The following privacy statement outlines what information we collect from our visitors, who has access to that information and how we utilize it.
Beautifully Modest is the sole owner of all information collected on this site. The personal information you provide us and information about your order will never be shared with third parties, except for the purpose of fulfilling your order or when required by law. Beautifully Modest uses cookies and data-collection pixels to gather anonymous information about our users and their interactions with our website. This data is used on an aggregate level to analyze our website’s effectiveness and help us improve our services.
Cookies are bits of information that we automatically store on your computer if your computer accepts cookies. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address or any financial information on your computer. We use cookies to recognize you and your preferences to make shopping easier and provide you with a customized experience on our web site. Beautifully Modest places a unique user ID number on your cookie which allows us to access information that will improve your shopping experience, such as holding items in your shopping bag, accessing your addresses, or providing you with customized pages based on your past viewing or purchasing preferences. We also use cookies
bag, accessing your addresses, or providing you with customized pages based on your past viewing or purchasing preferences. We also use cookies to track traffic to different parts of our web site in order to make improvements and optimize your shopping experience.
If you do not wish to have a cookie on your system, you can set your browser preferences to refuse them. In order to disable cookies, please consult your browser’s help section for instructions. Please be aware that some parts of our site may require the use of cookies to be fully functional.
Complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
We do not provide e-mail addresses to third parties. However, if you purchase merchandise through Beautifully Modest or if you are added to our catalog mailing list, your name and mailing address will be added to our mailing list and database.
Beautifully Modest takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
Sizing Chart
×
Set up an appointment to get the best							experience.
Call now:
801-224-0059
SIZING CHART
PRIVACY POLICY
FAQ
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2020