https://www.greenvillehumane.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Greenville Humane Society collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from donors/customers of the www.greenvillehumane.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by The Greenville Humane Society.
Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer for the Greenville Humane Society is Sharon Wilson. Please contact her via e-mail at sharonw@greenvillehumane.com should any concerns regarding the acquisition, storage, deletion or usage of your data occur.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from donors/customers in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when donors/customers visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Donors/Customers may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Donors/Customers may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from donors/customers only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Donors/Customers can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
When you donate, register or purchase items from our site, we will need personal information, such as name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card number, so that we can process your donation or order, notify you of order status or provide a receipt.
We do not rent or sell customer information to outside marketers. We might use the information you provide to share information about services or products you have requested or to inform you of promotional offers that might be of interest.
We use shipping companies to ship merchandise and a credit card processor for merchandise orders and donations. These companies do not share or use personally identifiable information for secondary purposes.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about donors/customers whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about donors/customers means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance donors/customers experience. Donor/Customer’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Donors/Customers may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The Greenville Humane Society may collect and use donor/customer personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information donors/customers provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send donors/customers information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If donor/customer decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the donor/customer would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or donor/customer may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its donors/customers happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Donors/Customers may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Data is stored through GDPR compliant vendors that have posted DPAs (Data Processing Amendments) or revised privacy policies. The following are links to privacy policies and/or DPAs of our vendors that may store your data:
Jotform Privacy Policy
Automattic Privacy Policy
WordPress Engine DPA
Google Analytics DPA
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Greenville Humane Society has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage donors/customers to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
The Greenville Humane Society
www.greenvillehumane.com
305 Airport Rd.
Greenville, SC 29607
864.242.3626
greenvillehumane@greenvillehumane.com
This document was last updated on May 30, 2018
Adoption Hours
MON–FRI: Noon–6:30PM
SAT: 11:00AM–5:00PM
SUN: Noon–5:00PM
Admission Hours
MON–FRI: 9:00AM–5:30PM
SAT: CLOSED
SUN: CLOSED
Spay/Neuter Clinic Hours
MON–FRI:
Drop Off: 7:30AM–9:00AM
Pick Up: 4:30PM–5:30PM
Vaccine Clinic Hours
BY APPOINTMENT ONLY
MON–FRI: 9:00AM–4:00PM
2ND & 4TH THURS. OF MONTH:
5:30PM–7:00PM
Foster Program Hours
MON–FRI: 10:30 AM – 6:30 PM
SAT: 11:00 AM – 5:00 PM
E-Verify® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Give Today Donate Today
Financial Ratings
Proud to be a Hill’s Pet Nutrition Partner
© 2020 Greenville Humane Society
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
An Engenius website.
Menu