http://www.eclt.org/en/terms-and-conditions
Our impact
The ECLT Foundation works directly with communities in 6 countries.
Malawi
Guatemala
Mozambique
Indonesia
Tanzania
Uganda
Privacy Policy
Statement
The Eliminating Child Labour in Tobacco-Growing (ECLT) Foundation places high priority on protecting your personal information and we make every effort to ensure that the information you share with us is processed in a fair, open and transparent manner.
As a Swiss foundation, we are committed to comply with the Swiss Data Protection Act (DPA) and the EU General Data Protection Regulations. The present policy explains how we collect and process personal information. This policy will be updated regularly to ensure that our practice follows the highest security standards and complies with all relevant applicable legislation.
What is personal data?
Personal data means any information that allows us to identify you directly or indirectly, it can be your name, contact details, online identifiers, like your IP address, for example.
What kind of personal data we collect and how we use it?
When you subscribe to our newsletter or other communication updates through our website, we will usually collect your name and contact details. We will use your information for these specific communication purposes. You will have the possibility to opt out at any time if you no longer want to receive our messages by following the “unsubscribe” link in the message that you receive.
Cookies
Eclt.org site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience.
In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
We use the following analytics service providers, and you can learn more about their privacy policies and how to opt-out of their cookies by clicking on following links:
Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy applies only to www.eclt.org and does not cover websites that we link to. These websites have their own terms and conditions. If you go to another website from ours, you shall read that website privacy policy.
How we store personal data?
We store your personal data only for as long as necessary for the relevant purpose. We use IT technology and IT providers that follow the highest cyber security standards and we hold our IT providers accountable for complying with data protection regulations and our cyber security policy. In addition, the number of staff having access to your personal data is kept to the necessary minimum. Our devices, storage and users’s accounts are protected or encrypted while the maintenance and monitoring is conducted regularly.
Access to and management of your personal data
You have the right to request access to the information that we hold about you at any time. You can request us to change, rectified or erase your data.
For further information please contact eclt@eclt.org
ECLT Visual Materials Usage Guidelines
The ECLT Foundation is an independent, Swiss Foundation focused on ending child labour within tobacco-growing communities, promoting decent work for farmers and building capacities of families to find solutions to send their children to school.
As part of ECLT’s programmatic and communications work, images and video footage of projects, events, meetings or scoping missions are regularly collected.
ECLT Visual Materials include but are not limited to: photos, images, video footage, documentation of or reports on projects/events/meetings/scoping missions, made, conceived, developed or written by ECLT and all rights of intellectual property, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or otherwise protectable.
ECLT Visual Materials are the sole property of the ECLT Foundation, which holds all rights in connection with their use.
ECLT Foundation Visual Materials can be used to further the aims and work of the Foundation, with prior written consent. They cannot be used for advertising, marketing or in ways which are inconsistent with the Foundation's mission. ECLT visual materials cannot be altered, sold, redistributed or used to create derivative works.
Credit
All ECLT visual materials, whether used in print, electronic or online format, must be credited as follows:
© ECLT Foundation_Year
Permission
ECLT prior written consent is required to use or reproduce in whole or in part ECLT Visual Materials, in print or electronic format or in any other format, including but not limited to CDs, DVDs, websites, exhibits, etc. ECLT’s consent is granted for a limited period of time as defined by ECLT and on a non-exclusive basis. It may be granted again or renewed by ECLT in writing.
Use of ECLT Visual Materials in commercial materials:
Acceptable Use:
ECLT images may be used in communications materials related to a partnership with the Foundation, joint activities with an ECLT project, or an initiative in-line with the goals of the ECLT Foundation.
These materials may not include the direct promotion of a specific product or service.
Unacceptable Use:
ECLT images may NOT be used in any advertisement or promotion that links subject(s) in an image with a specific product or service of a commercial entity or individual, thereby implying a product endorsement from which the commercial entity or individual may profit.