http://www.worldshipsociety.org/data-protection-privacy-policy
Last Updated: 4/6/18
GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) EFFECTIVE 25.05.18
AND UNITED KINGDOM DATA PROTECTION ACT
The privacy and security of your personal information is extremely important to us. This privacy policy explains how and why we use your personal data, to make sure you stay informed and can be confident about giving us your information.
This policy applies if you are a member or volunteer of the Society or use any of our services, visit our website, email, telephone or write to us.
We will never sell your personal data or share it with other organisations (unless required by law) so that the privacy and security of your data is assured.
Who we are
In this policy, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’, ‘Society’, refers to The World Ship Society Limited, Registered Number 4449095 England, Registered Charity Number 1139902.
If you have any questions in relation to this privacy policy or how we use your personal data they should be sent to The Data Protection Officer, The World Ship Society Limited, Mayes House, Vansittart Estate, Windsor, SL4 1SE.
What personal data do we collect?
Your personal data (any information which identifies you, or which can be identified as relating to you personally for example, name, address, telephone number, email address) will be collected and used by us. We will only collect the personal data that we need.
We collect personal data in connection with specific activities such as membership applications, membership renewals, providing a subscription to Marine News, Marine News Supplement, Warships and placing an order for our products or services, donations, volunteering, conducting research, ordering an image, etc.
You can provide us with your personal data by filling in forms (either paper or digital) to apply for membership or to renew it, by registering to use our website, responding to take part in research via email, post, on our website or other social media functions, or by corresponding with us by telephone, letter or email.
The personal data you give us may include title, full name and postal address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, membership number, usernames and password.
Personal data is stored on digital files and hard copy forms.
Retention of Personal Information
Members’ personal information will be stored even if they do not renew their membership to enable year on year membership analysis to be undertaken and to assist in the Society’s management unless specific instructions to delete are received either by email or post.
The GDPR includes the following rights for individuals:
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object.
Personal data provided by you
This includes information you give when interacting with us, for example applying for or
renewing membership, placing an order or communicating with us. For example:
Personal details (name, date of birth, email, address, telephone, etc.) when you join as a member or volunteer
Financial information (payment information such as credit or debit card or direct debit details, and whether donations are gift-aided)
Your responses to questionnaires issued by the Society
Information about your purchases including but not limited to revenue figures, the types of products purchased, membership number, purchase ID and renewal ID.
Please note that certain areas on our website will not be available to you until you’ve registered to use our website and are a current member.
Information we generate
We conduct research and analysis on the information we hold, which can in turn generate personal data. For example, by analysing your town of residence which helps us decide which of our communications are likely to interest you, such as volunteering and conducting membership analysis.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data on relevant lawful grounds as permitted by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (from 25 May 2018)/UK Data Protection Act and Privacy of Electronic Communication Regulation.
Personal data provided to us will be used for the purpose or purposes outlined in any fair processing notice in a transparent manner at the time of collection or registration where appropriate, in accordance with any preferences you express. If asked by the police, or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities, we may need to provide your personal data. Your personal data may be collected and used to help us deliver our charitable activities, help us raise funds, or complete your order or request. Below are the main usages of your data which depend on the nature of our relationship with you and how you interact with our various services, websites and activities.
Marketing communications
Your privacy is important to us, so we will always keep your details secure. We would like to use your details to keep in touch about things that may be of interest to you.
We will only send these to you if you agree to receive them as a member and we will never share your information with companies outside the Society for inclusion in their marketing.
How can I change my contact preferences?
Please see Updating your data and marketing preferences below.
Donations and legacy pledges
If you make a donation, we’ll use any personal information you give us to record the nature and amount of your gift, claim gift aid where you’ve told us you’re eligible and thank you for your gift. If you interact or have a conversation with us, we will note anything relevant and store this securely on our systems.
If you’ve told us that you are planning to, or thinking about, leaving us a gift in your will, we will use the information you give us to keep a record
– including the purpose of your gift, if you let us know.
If we have a conversation or interaction with you (or with someone who contacts us in relation to your will, for example your solicitor), we’ll note these interactions throughout your relationship with us, as this helps to ensure your gift is directed as you wanted.
Charity Commission rules require us to be assured of the provenance of funds and any conditions attached to them.
Management of volunteers
We need to use your personal data to manage your volunteering, from the moment you enquire to the time you decide to stop volunteering with us. This may include establishing rota lists for volunteering at the Society’s Library and Archive at Chatham Historic Dockyard, managing photographic and archive scanning teams etc.
Updating your data and marketing preferences
We want you to remain in control of your personal data. If, at any time, you want to update or amend your personal data or marketing preferences please contact us in one of the following ways:
–	sending any changes to the WSS Membership Secretary, 17 Birchdale Road, Appleton, Warrington WA4 5AR, United Kingdom, or,
–	using the Members’ Only Area of the website using the Edit my Profile function (email;membershipsecretary@worldshipsociety.org)
Verification, updating or amendment of personal data will take place within 30 days of receipt of your request.
Your data protection rights (DPO)
Where the Society is using your personal data on the basis of consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. You also have the right to ask the Society to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes, e.g. providing details of the Society’s new publications.
Contact us using the details above.
Cookies and links to third party websites
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer when you visit certain websites. We use first party cookies (cookies that we have set, that can only be read by our website) to personalise your online experience and for the purposes of website measurement. You can control the use of cookies via your browser. Further information can be found in the Society’s Cookie Policy on our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of organisations. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. This privacy policy applies solely to the personal data collected by us.
Search
Recent Posts
WARSHIPS
No. 200
Arthur Clark of the Bristol Branch
WARSHIPS
No. 199
AGM CANCELLED
POSTPONEMENT – 42nd Annual WSS Naval Meeting – 6th June 2020
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
August 2020
March 2020
January 2020
October 2019
September 2019
April 2019
December 2018
August 2018
May 2018
January 2018
December 2017
October 2017
June 2017
August 2016
March 2013
Categories
News
Type and Press “enter” to Search