https://www.marriagecare.org.uk/who-we-are/marriage-care-privacy-statement/
Data Collection & Use Policy Statement
Here at Marriage Care we take your privacy seriously and we are extremely careful of how we use and look after any personal information we ask for. We will ensure that any information is stored securely and only used in the way in which you request us to do so.
We need personal information in order to deliver the service you have requested from us, and we also use it anonymously to continue improving our services and monitoring their quality.
Once your journey, using our service, has come to an end we don’t want the relationship to cease there. We would love to keep in touch with you. In order for us to do so, we must gain your preferences regarding how you would like to be contacted.
We will keep you informed about our work and fundraising activities by post, unless you let us know you do not wish to receive postal communications, by emailing dataprotection@marriagecare.org.uk, calling 0800 389 3801 or writing to us at Marriage Care, Huntingdon House, 278-290 Huntingdon Street, Nottingham, NG1 3LY. Also, in your evaluation survey, we will provide the opportunity to opt-in to email and telephone communications – If you do not choose to opt-in to these, we will not be able to keep you informed and updated on the work we do at Marriage Care via these communication methods. Providing these preferences will allow us to keep in contact, in a way that is most suitable for you.
You have the right to change how you would like to receive communications from us at any time. In order to do so, you just need to contact dataprotection@marriagecare.org.uk or follow the links on any communications you receive from us.
Finally, we will not usually pass any of your personal details on to a third party unless you ask us to. There is an exception for those coming to our counselling service as we do retain the right to break our confidentiality if we are concerned for your safety or the safety of others or if certain serious crimes are disclosed. The limitations of our confidentiality would be discussed with you in your first session with your counsellor.
If you have questions on Marriage Care’s Data Protection policy then please contact: dataprotection@marriagecare.org.uk