http://www.graceglendale.org/privacy-policy
FacebookYoutubeGplus
Home
About Us
What should I expect?
What We Believe
Our History
Our Pastors
Our Staff
Service Times
Ministries
Bible Studies
Resources
School
Admissions
Accreditation
Testimonials
Tuition & Scholarships
Our Faculty & Staff
Curriculum
Documents and Forms
Sign Ups
Athletics
Calendar
Resources
PTO
Ways To Help
Preschool
About Us
Admissions – Preschool
Accreditation
Tuition / Fees
Preschool Staff
Preschool Curriculum
Preschool Documents and Forms
Locate Us
Calendar
Resources
Sermons
Calendar
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Grace Privacy Policy
Collection of Personal Information of Website Visitors
Grace Ev. Lutheran Church (Grace) generally collects non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking of your activities through your IP address, computer settings, or most recently visited URLs. The Grace website does not collect personal identifiable information unless you voluntarily provide it to us by completing and submitting registration forms or surveys. In general, this information will only be used for the purpose for which it was provided.
Use of your Personal Information of Website Visitors
Grace may also use this information to improve the content of our website, deliver to you information about our ministry or information related to the Christian faith. It is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Online Information of Church Attendees, Members, and Visitors
Grace makes use of several online tools that help facilitate communication and outreach in our ministry. They include, but are not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, our website, and email newsletters. These specific areas of our online presence have additional guidelines in regards to privacy.
Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube (collectively Social Media), Website, and Email Newsletter
From time to time, we will post photos of Grace events, members, visitors, etc. online, either directly on our website or via photo albums and posts to our Facebook Page or on our Twitter account. When doing so, we use the following guidelines…
We do not specifically tag/identify members within those photos, though others may tag members using the Facebook photo tagging system that is beyond our control.
Photos are almost always of people in public spaces and/or at public events.
We never put full names of children or youth as captions or tags with the photos, and we minimize how often we use full names of adults.
We will gladly remove any photo immediately upon request.
We post sermon and church service videos to our YouTube account. We also stream our worship services live to the internet. These videos may include images of the congregation participating in the service. At no time will people shown in the video be identified by name by Grace, except for the pastors and any people participating in special sacraments or rites such as baptism, confirmation, or profession of faith. Members and friends participating in these sacraments and rites may request to have the internet video exclude these specific portions of the service as desired. Call the church office to place your request.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
To opt-out of receiving information from us, use the Contact us link located on the top right of every Grace Web page. To unsubscribe from our electronic newsletter, compose an email to newsletter@graceglendale.org from the email address you wish to unsubscribe, with “unsubscribe” in the subject line. You may also call the church office at 623-937-2010.
Children under Thirteen
Grace does not knowingly collect any personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian. In the event that Grace is made aware of such situation, Grace will delete such information and/or attempt to contact a parent or guardian.
Disclosure of Information
Grace will disclose your personal information without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) confirm to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Grace, the site, or its affiliated systems; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Grace; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Grace members, school students, users of its website, or the public.
Changes to this Statement
Grace will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy, without notice, to reflect feedback from members, visitors and others sources. Grace encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Grace is protecting your information. Only the current Statement may be deemed effective.
Contact Information
Grace welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Grace has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us using the Contact us link located on the top right of every Grace Web page; mail a letter to Grace Ev. Lutheran Church, 5600 W Palmaire Ave., Glendale, AZ 85301; or call the church office at 623-937-2010.
Effective 4/1/2014.  Revised 5/1/2014.
Contact Us Grace Ev. Lutheran Church & School
5600 W Palmaire Ave
Glendale, Arizona 85301
623-937-2010
FAX: 623-937-4390
Service Times Worship Services:
Sunday 8:00am, 10:30am
Bible Class & Sunday School:
9:30am - 10:15am
View our Privacy Policy.
Search
Offerings Online  Click Here to Donate Online
Click the button above to donate online. Please be aware that fees are charged for debit/credit card transactions.
Please use checking/savings account information when donating.
Thank you!
Categories Church News
School News
Sermons
Uncategorized
Worship Bulletins
© Copyright - Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church - Wordpress Theme by Kriesi