http://www.lottalivin.com/home/about/discussion-board-faq-and-help/
Home
About
Mission Statement
Link to Lotta Living
Site Usage and Privacy Policy
Contact
ModCom Tribute (LINKS OFFSITE)
What is Mid-Mod?
Definition of MCM Modernism
MidMod Glossary of Terms
Docomomo Criteria
National Trust Criteria
MODERNISM by Alan Hess
Why Preservation?
Old and Antique Cars
Household Goods
Arts and Antiques
Damaged Property
Historic Architecture
Historic Restortion Tips
Modern Home Restoration Home Improvement Basics
Modern Home Restoration Entryway
Modern Home Restoration Windows and Doors
Modern Home Restoration Landscape
Past Events
Knott’s Tour Tribute
Park History
Suggested Itinerary
Ghost Town
Calico Square
Marketplace
Independence Hall
Other Entertainment
Forgotten Attractions
Vintage 1955 Map
An Inspiration
San Fernando Valley Tour
What is a Valley Tour
Epilogue
Order the Valley Tour Book
Lotta Livin TV Show Home
More Info
Format and Segments
Hostess
Show Creator
Press and Publicity
On the Town Radio Show
Alan Leib
Book of Tiki Sven A. Kirsten
Charles Phoenix
Chris Nichols
Dion Neutra and the Neutra Studio
Eric Lynxweiller
Grandma Prisby’s Bottle Village
Great Autos of Yesteryear Car Club
Josh Agle AKA… SHAG
LAC Modern Committee
Last Minute Modern Romance
Madly Cocktail
Matt Roth, AAA Archivist
Maxwell DeMille
Old Town Music Hall
Petersen Automotive Museum
Retro Glide
Rudolph Schindler’s Work
Society of Architectural Historians
Surfing Safari
the Googieman
Villa Capri and Patsy’s Pizza
Old News
Feeds test
Facebook Feeds
Blogs to Follow
Live MCM
Shop
Shop
Recommended Reading List
Find Fun Stuff for Your Life!
Welcome
About
Mission
Link 2 LL
Site Usage
Contact
ModCom (LINKS OFFSITE)
Home > Welcome to Lotta Livin’ (aka Lotta Living) > About Lotta Livin’ > Discussion Board FAQ and HelpWhat is LottaLiving?
Lotta Living has over 2,000 topics! Before posting, please SEARCH for topics FIRST. Your post probably fits best in an existing topic instead of a new one. IT HELPS US ALL KEEP THE INFORMATION EASY TO FIND FOR FUTURE SEEKERS. You can post a new topic If you’re confident your topic has not already been discussed. Thank You!
Who’s behind LottaLiving?
LottaLiving was founded by Mary-Margaret Stratton, while she was active as the Los Angeles Conservancy Modern Committee webmaster, as a place for Modern Enthusiasts around the globe to get together. It was developed as a service for the Los Angeles Conservancy Modern Committee, but is open to anyone who appreciates the Mid Century Modern design aesthetic. It is starting with modest ambitions, but is growing to include a virtual who’s who in the Modern scene.
Where is LottaLiving?
LottaLiving is designed by Homecamp.com in Las Vegas, NV and hosted by Siteground. The posts from the site however, come from all over the U.S. and the world.
Membership is free. Access is unlimited. And you’ll quickly find that the club is truly up-to-date on the latest in Modern Living.
What else does LottaLiving have to offer?
We’re proud to say that the Modern Committee is host to some of the greatest events thrown! ModCom members have had lots of great tours and educational events, large parties, bar crawls, dozens of small get-togethers, and private tours of cities, theme parks and exclusive homes!  The LottaLiving website also boasts one of the largest targeted link databases to all things Modern. Lastly, the site include articles on Modern and pop culture related topics. Members have been known to have: Opportunities to get involved and make a difference in the fate of a threatened building, opportunities to volunteer and get free admission to cool tours and events, opportunities to share their own knowledge about people-places-things, discounts on other events, access to writings and musings from Modern legends, and insider info on events across the country that you won’t hear about anywhere else!
So how do I join?
It’s simple! And yes it’s FREE. All you need is to:
1. Register your username.
2. Bookmark LottaLiving.com and visit us often
3. Jump into the message area and post a Hello Message!
———————————————–
Terms:
We use some pretty strange language sometimes, so here’s a primer in some of the terms you might hear along the way:
Message Board or Bulletin Board: The overall comprehensive site that includes multiple forums and posts.
Forum: a special discussion area that focuses on one or more types of topic such as “Events” or “Residential.”
Topics: Within a forum, the actual discussions that people have.
Posts: A new post starts off every new discussion topic, a reply post answers another person’s discussion topic. Also called messages.
Threads: individual lines of conversation or thoughts that ‘weave’ in and out of a single discussion.
Browsing and Reading a Message Board
THE FORUM INDEX
The Forum index is the “top” page of the message board. When you click on the “Message Board” link at the top right of any page it takes you to this url: http://www.lottaliving.com/bb and that is the forum index. When you get to the Forum Index, simply choose a Forum you wish to browse. Note the little folders on the left side of each forum, if they are a red color instead of beige, it means there are new posts you have not seen yet.
BROWSING TOPICS
After you enter a Forum, you’ll see all the topics in the forum.
The most recently posted-to topic is at the top. By looking at the top of the list you can easily browse the most active topics.
Topics that have new messages since you’ve last visited will have a red folder icon next to it.
Topics that have more than 5 posts will have a folder on fire icon next to it.
Each Topic may contain many messages.
Click on a topic to read the messages inside.
READING MESSAGES
Once you’ve clicked on a topic, you’ll see the message(s) inside.
Messages are sorted from First to Last, so to see the most recent posts to a message, you’ll need to scroll to the bottom of the last page. This is done so that you can see how the original post started the conversation and understand the progression the conversation took.
If a topic has more than 15 posts, if will continue on a second page. If it has more than 30 posts it will continue on a third page and so on…
Get with the program: Register
You can read the message board all you want, but don’t you really want to post?
To post on the site, you must be registered. You don’t have to use your own name, pick any fun name you like, but please do not borrow another member’s name! The reason we ask for email is so that if you ever loose your password, we can send you a new one. Don’t worry about other privacy, because you have the option to make any and all information about yourself hidden and secure from the public eye.
Replying to Messages and Posting NEW Topics
REPLY TO A TOPIC
If you’d like to reply to a topic, look for the Post Reply button. It appears both at the top right and the bottom left of the page. If it’s not there, you’re not on a page where a reply can be posted to.
POST A NEW TOPIC
When you’re browsing LottaLiving Forums and you’d like to post a message, look for the New Topic button in the upper right or lower left of the page.
If the button is not there, then you’re in a place where no new topics can be posted. Go to the Forum index then choose a forum to post in.
After clicking on the New Topic button, you’ll go to a screen where you can type your new message. a new topic will be created in the forum you’re in.
That’s it – you’re ready to go…
Posting Photos and Pictures
In order to post your pictures on this board – they need to be hosted someplace on the Internet.
After your images live somewhere on the web, get the exact URL. (You can find out what the image URL is by clicking the right mouse button on your image.)
Type this COMPLETE URL into your message like this:
http://www.websitename.com/myimage.jpg
Your actual URL will be quite a bit longer – but don’t worry…. Then put the following ‘tags’ around that URL:
[img] and [/img]
NOTICE that the 2nd ‘closing’ tag has a little forward slash in it. So the URL of your image in your post will look like this:
[img] http://www.websitename.com/myimage.jpg [/img]
Voila, after you hit submit – your image will magically appear within your post!
Please use our Test Messages forum to practice posting images if you like.
AVATARS
Avatars are the little graphics that appear below your name. You can
1) link to one from another website or
2) upload one you have made from your own computer.
Please Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Social
View GottaLottaLivin’s profile on FacebookView gottalottalivin’s profile on TwitterView lottaliving’s profile on PinterestView groups/8561531’s profile on LinkedInView UChWUty9IfFv-J3av1VeCdRg’s profile on YouTube
Welcome to the LottaLivin Family of Websites
The LottaLivin and LottaLiving family of websites are your most respected authority on all the things you love: Googie, Atomic Age, Mid-Century Modern Living, Modernism Furniture, design, art, architecture and Post War historic preservation. We also reach out to fans of International design, Art Deco, 20th century lifestyle, Roadside attractions, Travel tips, motels, coffee shops, drive-ins, bowling alleys, dinner houses, gas stations, giant objects, neon signs, vintage fashion, entertainment, exotica, lounge music, cocktail hour, space-age, swing, tiki, theme parks, dancing, nostalgia, go-go boots, hairdoos, ephemera, SHAG artwork, collectibles.
Produced by HOMECAMP.com
Design and writing by meg-o-rama
LottaLivin'(tm) & LottaLiving(tm) © 1999-2021 M-M Stratton All rights reserved.
There is a possibility of text or images used on this site that belong to others. No copyright infringement is implied. These are shared to help educate readers. If you have found anything on this site that needs to be fixed, credited or removed, please contact me.
Follow me on Twitter
My Tweets
Thank you for visiting.
View GottaLottaLivin’s profile on FacebookView gottalottalivin’s profile on TwitterView lottaliving’s profile on PinterestLinkedInYouTube
Send to Email Address