https://www.ksbj.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - 89.3 KSBJ God listens.
Music
Song Lyrics
Recently Played
Artist Performances
Online Music Panel
Videos
On-Air
Schedule
The Morning Show
The Midday Show
The Afternoon Show
The Evening Show
The Overnight Show
Sunday Morning Houston
Sunday Night Live
How to Listen
KSBJ Traffic
Request a DJ
Concerts & Events
Prayer & Growth
Request Prayer
Submit Your Story of Hope
Learn About God
Monday Moments with Jesus
Buddy the KSBJ Prayer Bear
About KSBJ
Who Are We?
The Team
Ways to Give
Careers
Volunteer
Contact Us
Business Team
FollowFollowFollowFollow
DONATE
Privacy Policy
Hope Media Group (“KSBJ”) is committed to respecting your online privacy and security. We have designed our website at KSBJ.org so that in general, you can visit us online without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. We will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis. If you choose to provide us with personal information, (such as your name, age, date of birth, mailing address, phone number, email address, credit card number) to sign up for a newsletter, participate in a contest, make a donation, participate in forums, blogs or bulletin boards, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your relationship with KSBJ, that we have taken appropriate steps to protect it, and that KSBJ will not willfully disclose your personal information to any third party without first receiving your permission. At the time you are asked to provide personal information we will explain the extent of its use. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply “opt out.” However, normally opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, as in contests.
1. Acceptance of Privacy Policy and Notice of Changes
Use of this site confirms your agreement and consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site. This Policy may be updated or changed in any manner at any time at our sole discretion. Updates to this Policy are effective when posted. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please e-mail us at webmaster@ksbj.org.
If you would like us to notify you when we make material changes to this Policy, please let us know by contacting us at webmaster@ksbj.organd provide us with your email address.
2. Child Protection
KSBJ is particularly sensitive about guarding the privacy of children. KSBJ does not collect any more information than is needed from children under the age of 13 for use of our website. KSBJ does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent except as noted below.
PARENTS: We will seek your consent before collecting personal information from your child. (However, we will not seek your consent where a child has merely subscribed to our email newsletter.)
If you do not want your child’s personal information used by KSBJ or if you would like to find out what personal information we have from or about your child, please contact us at webmaster@ksbj.org, or by mail at:
KSBJ Webmaster
1722 Treble Dr.
Humble, TX 77338
Or Phone: (877) 644-KSBJ (5725)
3. Information We Collect and How it is Used
The types of information we collect on our website include:
• Information we actively collect:
Your name and email address, age and/or DOB, mailing address, phone number, job title, and company, may be requested to receive newsletters and/or to participate in contests or promotions, or research panels, and in the case of online donations, credit card information and expiration date. This information is used to respond to your questions to us, for contests, promotions, and research panels, and to complete transactions such as credit card donations and signing up for email newsletters or mass email notifications.
• Non-personal Information—collected passively:
The only information passively collected by the KSBJ website is what Internet browser and/or plug-ins you use, your operating system version, and your public IP address.
We do not use tracking cookies or collect any other information about you, or your computer.
4. No Sharing of Personal Information
KSBJ will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to others. We will not intentionally provide your personal information to any third party except: (i) when we have your permission to share your information (including to complete a credit card transaction in which case we will only use companies who employ similar privacy protections to secure your personal information), (ii) when we are required by law to do so or in the event of legal action arising from information posted by you, or (iii) in the event of exigent circumstances, such as when there are reasons to believe, based on information posted by you, that there is risk of harm to yourself or to another.
5. Security of Your Personal Information
KSBJ is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and prevent improper use, we have implemented strict physical, technological, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure your personal information we collect online. We use industry standard encryption software when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Your data may also be provided to the following third party vendors: Rack Space, VeriSign, Troy Research, iMakeNews, Samaritan Software, and KSBJ’s in-house and co-located servers. For information about the security policies of such vendors, please contact directly the vendors listed above.
6. Contacting KSBJ / Removing Your Name From Our Mailing List
KSBJ employs a strict “no spam” policy. You can be assured if you sign up for an email or newsletter; you will only receive that email or newsletter. If you no longer want to receive emails or newsletters, please send us an email at webmaster@ksbj.org with the subject “REMOVE FROM MAILING LIST.” If you have questions or comments about this Policy, our use of your personal information, would like to verify the accuracy of our records containing your personal information, or feel that this site is not following the policies we have described here, please contact us. We will make every reasonable effort to address and correct the problem.
7. Other / Intellectual Property
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, photographs, images, data compilations, and software, is the sole and exclusive property of KSBJ Educational Foundation, Inc., and is protected by copyright and trademark law. KSBJ’s logo, service marks, and trade dress may not be used by any other party without prior written authorization by KSBJ.
Address any questions or concerns to us at:
KSBJ Radio
1722 Treble Dr.
Humble, TX 77338
(877) 644-KSBJ (5725)
Webmaster@ksbj.org
KSBJ.org
On the Dial
NGENRadio.com
On the Dial
Videos, podcasts and blogs to connect you more deeply with God.
HopeOnDemand.com
© 2020 Hope Media Group All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Public File
Quick Links
Music
Videos
On-Air
Events
KSBJ
Contact Us
Business Team Partners
Contest Rules
Subscribe
Stay Connected
Thank for allowing KSBJ to walk alongside you in your journey to connect more deeply to God! We’d love to get to know you and interact with you more. Simply sign up below to receive special updates and encouraging messages from the ministry. Thanks, again, for allowing us to journey with you!
SIGN UP FOR EMAIL CONTENT
SIGN UP FOR TEXT MESSAGES
get involved
Volunteer
Careers
Ways to Give
My Giving Account
FollowFollowFollowFollow
About
Contact Us
Contest Rules
My Giving Account
FollowFollowFollowFollow
© 2020 Hope Media Group All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Public File