http://www.exfin.com/privacy-information
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Information
This policy statement seeks to outline the approach of Exfin International Pty Ltd (Exfin) to the collection and management of personal information collected by the company, principally through the website Exfin.com.
Exfin collects personal
information from a variety of sources; largely from website users but also from advertisers, service providers and business partners.
In general, the personal information collected by Exfin includes (but is not limited to) name, address and contact details but may include,
where relevant, financial information, including credit card, banking, asset and income details. Information may also include the content of any inquiry made by users to Exfin or service providers through the use of online forms contained
in the website.
Alternatively, users may provide information when they complete a survey or questionnaire, participate in forums or when communicating with Exfin by email, telephone or in writing.
Exfin may at some time use a feature of your browser called a cookie to
assign your computer a 'User ID'. The Cookies will not contain information by which Exfin can identify you. They will identify your computer to our servers. You may configure your browser so that you are notified before a cookie is downloaded or so that your browser does not
accept cookies. Exfin may use information contained in cookies to make assumptions about the user of the computer and to provide users of that computer with focussed advertising which Exfin believes may be of interest, based on that information. To disable cookies, please refer to the help menu within your Internet browser.
How Exfin uses the information you provide
Exfin
may use information it collects from you for the primary purpose for which it is collected and for such other secondary purposes that are
related to the primary purpose of collection. Exfin generally uses personal information to provide you with products or services you have requested and to personalise and customise your experiences with Exfin.
Exfin may use the information to manage and improve its services, including its relationship with service providers, and may,
at its discretion, use the information to contact a user in an effort to assess the quality of service provided by Exfin or service providers. Exfin may also contact service providers to request details regarding the general progress of inquiries made through Exfin in an effort to improve the level of services made available through Exfin.
Exfin may also send you marketing material from time to time in circumstances where we believe the material might be of interest to you, but we are conscious of a need to protect your privacy and intend that any such communications will take place infrequently unless you have expressed a
clear desire for regular communications through a newsletter or similar medium.
How does Exfin store personal information?
Exfin holds personal information in a combination of secure computer storage facilities and paper-based files and other records, and take
appropriate steps to protect the personal information Exfin holds from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Exfin may need to retain and maintain records for a considerable period of time but may securely destroy the data if and when it considers the data is either no longer needed or is unreliable in terms of completeness or accuracy.
Service Providers and Third parties
Exfin
provides users with access to the services and products of specific service providers and to a range of third parties. These entities are not subject to Exfin’s privacy provisions and standards.
Disclosure
Exfin
may disclose personal information to other third parties which perform
functions on its behalf, such as processing credit card information, mailouts, marketing and research or in a situation where it refers inquiries to a known third party.
Exfin will not disclose personal information to other firms or individuals for the purpose of marketing other products and services, except in circumstances where Exfin users have specifically agreed to such a use of information.
Exfin may also collect and share website usage information about visitors, in a statistical format, with advertisers and service providers. This information may show the number of visitors to the site, their IP address, web pages visited, geographical distribution and other details used to manage and refine the marketing of the website.
Exfin reserves the right to gather more extensive information than indicated above regarding any attempted access to this Site which raises security issues, or in circumstances where Exfin has reason to believe a breach of the law is being or has been committed, and where it is necessary to make disclosures to the relevant authorities.
Variation of Policy
Exfin reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove any part of this Privacy Policy.
Please check the Site regularly for changes in these Terms of Use.
How to contact Exfin
If you have inquiries or wish to provide feedback about this policy, please email them to: privacy[at]exfin.com
Please select your Inquiry type
- Select -Financial PlanningSuperannuationPensionsInvestmentsTax AdviceMortgage FinanceLife InsuranceHealth InsuranceLegal AdviceReal Estate Foreign Exchange
First name
Last name
Phone
Email
Country of Residence
Nationality
Message
IMPORTANT: The material contained in this website and other associated communications is only intended as general, background information and must not be relied upon. No warranty is provided in relation to any material or to the services that may be contracted through exfin.com. It is recommended that individuals seek the advice of qualified professionals before taking any action.
Send message
Leave this field blank
Pension Transfers
Click to find out more