http://www.toddhershey.com/privacy
Logo
Meet Todd
Sage
Sage
SAGE Session Demo
SAGE For Business
SAGE For Personal Development
Coaching
Guidance
Interactive
Interactive
Instructional Videos
Universal Guardians Affirmation Cards
Blog
News Blog
Video Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Why do we collect your personal information ?
Collecting your information is essential for us to provide our products and services to you. It also helps us to understand your needs, enabling us to provide you with a greater quality of service.
How do we collect personal information ?
We only collect information when you knowingly provide it. Collection may include requesting information by phone, filling out a registration form on check-in, providing your business card to us, or e-mailing or faxing us your details.
Do we disclose your personal information to anyone ?
We may disclose your personal information where you have consented to us doing so. We may also be required or authorised by law to disclose your personal information.
Is your personal information up-to-date ?
It is important that the personal information we collect is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You can contact us at any time to update your personal information, or to tell us if your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
Is your personal information secure ?
We take all reasonable precautions to safeguard your personal information from misuse, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. When your information is no longer required we securely destroy it from our systems.
Can you access your personal information ?
You may request access to the information we hold about you by contacting us. We may be required by law to retain your personal information after you have ceased your relationship with us.
Does your personal information leave the country ?
We do not send personal information outside the country unless to do so is authorised by law.
What about sensitive information ?
Sensitive information can be about racial or ethnic origin, membership of a profession or trade, personal health or other personal information. We only collect, use or disclose sensitive information about you as is allowed by law.
Our privacy policy may change from time to time.
We constantly review our policies and procedures to keep up-to-date with changes in law, technology and the needs of our guests and we may change this policy from time to time.
Transformations
Due to the confidential nature of my work; I choose not to list the names of the people I work with or any of their testimonials. The site was created to inspire individuals and give forth information. It was not designed to be a platform for marketing and advertising. I have included a small list of the companies that have brought me in to work with them and mostly their premier/exclusive clients, they include: Mandarin Oriental Group, Johnson & Johnson, AIG, Miraval resort, We Care Resort and Spa,Caesar's Palace, Various Auberges Resorts