https://www.rollingdogfarm.org/rolling-dog-farm-privacy-policy/
Our Story
In the News
Contact Us
Rolling Dog Farm Privacy Policy
Meet the Animals
Animals For Adoption
Happy Endings
Gone But Not Forgotten
Support the Farm
Donate Online Now
Planned Giving
Our Blog
FAQs
Disabled Animal Myths
Top 5 Myths About Blind Horses
Resources & Books
You are here: Home / Rolling Dog Farm Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Rolling Dog Farm collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a User) of the https://rollingdogfarm.org website (Site). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Rolling Dog Farm.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, make donations, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, as appropriate, email addresses.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-Personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use cookies to enhance the User experience. The User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
Rolling Dog Farm may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve the Site;
To respond to your comments or inquiries;
To use in our mailing list for the print newsletter; and
To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.
We may use feedback you provide to improve the operation of the website.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others.
We may use third party service providers to help us operate the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as mailing out newsletters or emailing blog posts.
We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
Third Party Websites
Users may find content on our Site that links to the sites and services of other third parties.
We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site.
In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing.
These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:
FeedBlitz:
This service, which Users can sign up for on our website, emails our blog posts to you.
But you need to subscribe to the service.
Google Analytics:
This service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website.
Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
Network for Good:
This is the nonprofit organization we use to process online donations on the Website for us.
We do not see, and do not have access to, your credit card information.
Only Network for Good has that data.
We receive an email notification from Network for Good about your donation that includes your name, email address, physical mailing address, and the amount of the gift, but no other financial information.
Network for Good manages and protects that data.
It is also possible to make an online donation anonymously, which means we will never know who you are and only Network for Good has that information.
Salesforce:
We use Salesforce as the database for our donors information, which includes name, address, and donation history (gift amounts and dates). Data is entered manually by us in the case of donations made by checks, and automatically by Network for Good in the case of online donations. (Network for Good’s system syncs with Salesforce.)
But again, no credit card or bank account information is contained in the database.
The Salesforce database is used primarily as the source of our mailing list for print newsletter.
Publicly Visible Information
If you create/leave a comment on the Website, certain information may be publicly visible.
To leave a comment, you must enter your username and your email address.
Your email address will never be available publicly.
At your option, you may also add a link to your website.
Users may see your username and website information.
We only use this information if there is a need to contact you regarding your comment.
Advertising
We do not accept advertising on our Website.
Personal Information
Our server and WordPress may also automatically collect information about your computer when you visit the Website, including without limitation the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the Website that referred you, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. Your IP address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university.
No personally identifiable information is collected by either.
For more information about WordPress, please read their privacy policies: WordPress Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about Rolling Dog Farm’s privacy policy, please contact us.
Search our site
Check out our Blog!
To keep up with our disabled dogs, check out our blog! Click here.
Most Recent Posts
Hello, Stella!
Please Welcome Harley and Jake!
Rolling Horses
Stay updated on our animals
Subscribe to our Blog
Our Newsletter
Our Winter/Holiday 2019 print newsletter is now in the mail. You can read it online here.
Check out our
BlindHorses.org
website!
Watch our animals in action
See videos of our disabled animals on our YouTube channel here.
Quick Links
In the News
Contact Us
Site Map
How can I help?
Support the Farm
Donate Online Now
Planned Giving
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you understand this.OkayPrivacy Policy