https://www.mahendraprophecy.com/privacy-policy.php
Page Viewed 16500427 Times.
App:
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 20th December 2011
Introduction
Welcome to mahendraprophecy.com (hereinafter "mahendraprophecy.com", "Mahendra Sharma", "we" or "us"). All references to "mahendraprophecy.com", "Mahendra Sharma", "we" or "us" in this Privacy Policy shall refer only to mahendraprophecy.com.
At mahendraprophecy.com, privacy is a top priority and we provide this Privacy Policy to outline our practices and procedures with respect to information collection and use to enable you to make an informed decision about sharing information with us.
Acceptance of Terms
Please read this policy carefully because by visiting this website or domain or other mahendraprophecy.com Websites or domains ("Website") and/or sharing information with us, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy may be revised or updated at any time by us.
Information we Collect
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or you provide to us in any other way, such as by telephone or by electronic mail. This information includes your full name, company details, mailing address, billing address, payment details, phone number, email address, and, where provided, your facsimile number.
Information Collected Automatically: mahendraprophecy.com automatically collects certain type of information when you visit our website. This information includes IP address, browser type, referring url, request url, user agent, browser accept language, platform type, date/time stamp and any other data that comes from interaction with mahendraprophecy.com network.
Information Collected by Third Party Tools: mahendraprophecy.com uses third party services for web analytical puposes. These services are use to collect
demographic information, Website surfing patterns, hostnames etc.
This information includes IP address, browser type, referring url, request url, user agent, browser accept language, platform type, date/time stamp and any other data that comes from interaction with mahendraprophecy.com network.
This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Cookies: We use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and purchases during
the time you view our website. We also use them to recognize return
visitors and to track our promotions. We gather this information for
internal use only.
Sharing your Information
mahendraprophecy.com will only share your Information for the limited purposes provided for in this Privacy Policy. This may include sharing Information
to comply with applicable laws and regulations
to comply with any legal summons, notices, orders, enquiries by law enforcement officials/ quasi-judicial forces.
to enforce
terms and conditions of the products or services and other agreements.
to protect the rights, property, or safety of mahendraprophecy.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
to vendors, administrative service providers, technology providers, and carefully selected partners for data validation, enhancement, information verification and using of third party services or products.
for any other purpose for which you provide consent.
The client authorizes mahendraprophecy.com to exchange, share, part with all
information related to the details and transaction history of the
clients to its Affiliates / banks / financial institutions / credit
bureaus / agencies/ participation in any telecommunication or
electronic clearing network as may be required by law, customary
practice, credit reporting, statistical analysis and credit scoring,
verification or risk management and shall not hold mahendraprophecy.com liable
for use or disclosure of this information.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or their assets. In the event that mahendraprophecy.com is acquired by or merged with a
third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these
circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected
from you as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of
control.
Electronic Mail
mahendraprophecy.com may use your personal information to contact you by electronic mail concerning your use of our services. These communications are intended to inform you of important information regarding your account, or about general services or
promotional offers
provided by mahendraprophecy.com. If you do not want to receive email from us regarding service updates, please click the "unsubscribe link" at the bottom of any email you receive from mahendraprophecy.com. We will, however, continue to send you email regarding your account administration and necessary information, such as renewal notices, invoice alerts etc.
Security
mahendraprophecy.com employs appropriate measures to ensure the security of all Information, and we routinely evaluate our practices to identify security threats or opportunities for the improvement of our services. No transmission of information is guaranteed to be completely secure. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise data security. You acknowledge and agree to assume this risk when communicating with us.
Third Party Site Links:
This site contains links to external Web Sites. mahendraprophecy.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of these Web sites.
Changes:
As the standards governing Internet privacy continue to evolve,
mahendraprophecy.com may find it appropriate or necessary to update this
Privacy Policy from time to time. As a result, we reserve the right to
change this Privacy Policy at any time and shall post such changes on
the Website. Our Website will state the date the Privacy Policy was
last updated. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever
you use this Website to make sure you understand how your information
will be used.
Your Representation:
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND APPLICABLE SITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. You also agree that you have provided notice to, and obtained consent from, any third party individuals whose Information you supply to us with regard to: (a) the purposes for which such third party's Information has been collected; (b) the intended recipients or categories of recipients of the third party's Information; (c) which of the third party's data are obligatory and which data, if any, are voluntary; and (d) how the third party can access and, if necessary, rectify the data held about him/her.
Our Subscriptions
Weekly Financial Letter
Daily Flash News
Cannabis, Lithium & E-Car Report
Currency Markets
Metal Markets
USA Stock Investment Report
Indian Markets Predictions
Market Updates & News Alerts
Special Offers
Our Services
Consultation Services
Personal Clients
Corporate Clients
Get Updates in Your Mail Box
Register