http://www.mcmillanlaw.us/index.php/mcmillan/privacy
CONTACT US
CONTACT FORM
SEARCH
Call Us:
(619) 464-1500
Se Habla Español
HOME
ABOUT US
SUCCESSES
PRACTICE AREAS
PROFILES
COMMUNITY
CAREERS
RESOURCES
RESULTS
Privacy Statement
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship (1) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, e-mail address, and the type of services provided to that customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please write to us at:
The McMillan Law Firm, APC
Attn: California Disclosure Information
4670 Nebo Drive, Suite 200
La Mesa, CA 91941-5239
We will respond to such written requests within 30 days following receipt at the mailing address above. We reserve the right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified above or otherwise exempted by law. Please note that we are required only to respond to each customer once per calendar year.
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: Febuary 1st, 2015
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for mcmillanlaw.us. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data, though we don’t currently collect credit card data on the website), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
In order to use some features of this website, a user completes the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you in the ways that you request (e.g. if you subscribe to be notified of new listings). At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Do Not Track Signals
Since we only use cookies for providing membership features, “do not track” signals have no effect here. Third parties do not collect personal information about consumers who use this site.
Notification of Changes
Whenever material changes are made to the privacy notice they will appear on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Copyright © 2007 The McMillan Law Firm, APC
Disclaimer
Privacy
Contact Us
Document Gallery
Resource Directory