http://www.courtroomsciences.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Courtroom Sciences, Inc. ("CSI") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors to the CourtroomSciences.com web site (the "Site"). While visiting the Site, CSI may ask you to provide information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information") for purposes of interacting with the Site.CSI cares about your privacy. To further the protection of your Personal Information, CSI has adopted a set of information-management guidelines (outlined below) to describe the Personal Information CSI collects about you, why CSI collects it, how CSI uses it, and when CSI shares it with third parties.This Privacy Policy has been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy is subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page. Please see the Effective Date stated at the conclusion of this Policy.What kind of information does Courtroom Sciences, Inc. collect from visitors?CSI collects information that identifies you as a registered member of the Site. Additionally, CSI may also collect aggregate information regarding users of the Site. You may have heard of "cookies," which are files or pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. CSI may use cookies to collect information during your visit to the Site, such as the particular site areas you visit and the products or services you buy through the Site. CSI collects this information to better tailor the Site and CSI products to your interests and needs. Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities at the Site. For example, the Site can recognize that you have provided Personal Information to CSI and refrain from requesting the same information a second time.Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Refusal of cookies at the Site may result in an inability to visit certain areas of the Site or to receive personalized information when you visit the Site.CSI is constantly trying to improve its promotion of the Site. As a result, CSI may collect other information online via CSI web sites, e-mail promotions, and banners. This process helps CSI measure the effectiveness of its web presence by determining what you clicked on to get to the Site.Use of Personal InformationCSI may make mailing lists available to independent companies that offer products and services that CSI thinks may be of interest to you. Additionally, CSI may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with CSI business partners and other affiliated third parties. CSI may also match aggregated user information with third party data and disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe services to potential advertisers, partners and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and dissemination of information that CSI collects from you. To the extent that you disclose any information to other parties, through other web sites on the Internet linked to the Site, different policies may apply. Since CSI does not control or monitor the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies, if any, of that third party, and CSI shall not be responsible for the use or dissemination of your Personal Information by that third party. Therefore, CSI encourages you to ask questions before you disclose your Personal Information to others.Safe HarborCSI complies with the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. CSI has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view the company’s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.For those European Union customers for whom we are providing service in the United States who have questions or concerns about CSI's use of the information you provided to us, we ask that you first raise the issue with the CSI representative with whom you are working.If discussions with the CSI representative do not resolve your inquiry, you may contact the company by mail or e-mail as follows:Courtroom Sciences, Inc.4950 N. O’Connor Rd, Suite 100Irving, TX 75062info@courtroomsciences.comEffective Date and ChangesThis Privacy Policy is effective as of June 15th, 2004. By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, you should not use the Site. CSI reserves the right to modify the terms of this policy at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a change notice to this page. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of a change notice will constitute binding acceptance of those changes.Last modified January 7th, 2015