http://www.dontshake.com/privacy-policy
Learn MorePURPLE CryingTrainingStoreFamily ResourcesConferencesDonate
Donate
Privacy Policy
Back
Dontshake.org Privacy Policy
We recognize that visitors to dontshake.org (the “Site”) may be concerned about the information they provide to us and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. As part of the National Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome’s (NCSBS) operation, we may gather certain types of information about users of the Site, and we would like to explain the types of information we gather, what we do with it and how to correct or change the information.
Information Collected by the National Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome
The NCSBS collects two types of personally identifying information from users: personal data (such as names and e-mail addresses); and aggregated data (such as information about traffic patterns on the Site, or how many users log into the Site on a daily basis).
Personal Identifying Data
In the event you establish an account and receive a password, register for a conference, or make a charitable contribution, the NCSBS will only collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide through our web site or e-mail correspondence. Any information supplied to the NCSBS will be used for, but not limited to, supporting content delivery, creation, scoring, assessment, reporting and analysis. The NCSBS may use such personally identifiable information to provide user access, to supply services, and to report scoring and course progress to organizations using dontshake.org for professional development of staff. You are responsible for any content, including images and comments that you upload to the site. Inappropriate, illegal or improper content will be removed without notice by NCSBS staff.
The NCSBS will take appropriate, commercially standard steps to keep all personally identifiable information confidential. We use the information we collect through our web site to provide the services you request. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscriber or client lists to third parties.
Aggregated Information
Aggregated information, such as information on traffic patterns within the Site, is collected through various methods.
IP Addresses
We collect IP addresses through the Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the web. Web servers, the computers that “serve up” web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address, and when you request a page from the Site, our servers log your IP address. The Site does not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, so although your session will be logged, you will remain anonymous to us.
Use of Cookies
Dontshake.org also uses “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that most major web sites write to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit them. Cookies allow us to measure activity on the Site and to improve your user experience, for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences. Cookies are used by NCSBS to measure activity on the Site and make improvements and updates based on which areas are popular and which are not. NCSBS does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so.
Use of Information Collected by NCSBS
NCSBS uses both the personal and aggregated information we collect for multiple purposes. The information is used to improve the content of the Site, to customize the content and/or layout of the Site for each individual user and to notify users about updates to the Site. We may send you solicitations for the purchase of materials, resources, donations or invitations to fund-raising events. As applicable, we will share credit card information with financial institutions as needed to process donations or purchases made through the Site.
NCSBS may share aggregated information with third parties for research and quality improvement purposes.
Upon registration through the Site, we may send you periodic e-mails. You may elect during registration to receive these e-mails, and you may start or stop receiving such e-mails at any time by sending an e-mail to . Some automatically generated e-mails; such as, e-mails to reset a forgotten password, cannot be opted out.
Third Party Sites
Dontshake.org includes links to other web sites that we think may be useful for our users. When you enter other web sites, they will be operating under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of the web sites you visit.
Privacy Protection Procedures
Protecting your information is important to us. We have implemented appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures, such as making sure all site transactions are encrypted using SSL to keep your credit card information secure, accurate, current, and complete. In addition, all NCSBS agents and contracts with access to personal information obtained on the NCSBS web site are bound to adhere to this policy as part of their contract with NCSBS.
NCSBS protects your personal information in a variety of ways. For certain services, such as our online training modules, only minimal personal information is required, such as names and email addresses. Personal information provided for purchases made through our online store is encrypted. We also protect that account information by placing it on a secure portion of our site that is only accessible by authorized personnel. In addition, IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for hackers or other third parties not under the control of NCSBS to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your personal information, NCSBS cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.
USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF USE AND THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
NCSBS reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Since any changes will be posted on this page, we encourage you to check this page regularly. Your continued use of the Site will constitute your acceptance of such changes. If you have any further questions regarding this privacy policy or the use of your personal information under this privacy policy, you can contact us at the following postal address:
Information and Resource SpecialistNational Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome1433 North 1075 West, Suite 110Farmington, UT 84025
This privacy policy was revised December 3, 2014.
404 Error!
Terms of Use
Contact
National Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome1433 N 1075 W, Suite 110Farmington, Utah 84025
office: (801) 447-9360fax: (801) 447-9364
About Us
About UsStaffGoverning BoardInternational Advisory BoardFinancials
Legal
Privacy PolicyTerms of Use
Sign up to receive news and updates about our efforts
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Please let us know your email address.
Subscribe
Back to top