http://www.divorcewithoutwar.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to the content
Terms and Conditions
Important Information
Divorce Without War® maintains this site (the “Site”) to provide information about our company, as well as provide educational content about the industry. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Divorce Without War’s® written permission.
Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of client name. Divorce Without War® neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with client name.
While Divorce Without War® uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Divorce Without War® makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Divorce Without War® assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither Divorce Without War® nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Divorce Without War® also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Divorce Without War® or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Divorce Without War® is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
You may use personal information available on this Site only if you are an authorized user and only for the purposes for which it was provided. If you refer a friend or colleague to our site by providing us with their contact information, you represent that you have their permission to do so. If you do not have their consent to share their contact information, then please do not refer your friend or colleague to the site. Any use of personal information obtained from this Site by any User must be consistent with these purposes, with the Privacy Policy posted on this Site. Users warrant and represent that personal information supplied to or obtained from this Site was collected, disclosed to Divorce Without War® and otherwise processed only in strict compliance with applicable law, including privacy and data protection requirements and restrictions. Users warrant and represent that any personal information they access, manage or maintain on behalf of Divorce Without War® is subject to reasonable and appropriate security measures that comply with all applicable laws and include, at minimum, administrative, physical and technical safeguards that protect against the loss, misuse, or unauthorized access, acquisition, alteration or destruction of information.
Images displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Divorce Without War®. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Divorce Without War® has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Although Divorce Without War® may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, Divorce Without War® is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane materials or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Divorce Without War® will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Divorce Without War® to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Divorce Without War® may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Follow us on
What We Do
How We Help
Why Choose Us
About us
FAQ
Become a DWW Affiliate
© 2020 Divorce Without War® All Rights Reserved.
Each office independently owned and operated Services rendered may vary depending on location
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions