http://www.whitman.edu/after-whitman/whitties-helping-whitties
Skip to main content
Whitties Helping Whitties
Section Navigation
Section Navigation
/ ... /
After Whitman
Whitties Helping Whitties
After Whitman
Careers, Professions and the Liberal Arts
Fellowships and Grants
On Becoming a Fellowship Candidate
Major Fellowships, Scholarships and Grants
AAUW Selected Professions Fellowship
American-Scandinavian Foundation
Amgen Scholars
Austrian Teaching Assistants (USTA)
Beinecke Scholarship
Blakemore Freeman Fellowship
Boren Fellowship
Boren Summer STEM Program
Boren Undergraduate Scholarship
Bridging Scholarship
Coro Fellowship
Critical Language Enhancement Award
Critical Language Scholarship
DAAD Graduate Study Scholarship
DAAD Graduate Study Scholarship in the Arts
DAAD RISE Summer Internship
DAAD University Summer Course Grant
Davis Fellows for Peace
Davis Projects for Peace
Davis-Putter Scholarship
Echoing Green Fellowship
El Pomar Fellowship
Emerson Hunger Fellowship
Erasmus Mundus Joint Master's Degree
FAO Schwarz Fellowship
Ford Foundation Diversity Fellowship
Freeman-ASIA Scholarship
French Teaching Assistants (TAPIF)
Fulbright National Geographic Digital Storytelling Fellowship
Fulbright UK Summer Institutes
Fulbright U.S. Student Program
Gaither Junior Fellows Program
Gates Cambridge Scholarship
German Chancellor Fellowship
Gilman International Scholarship
Goldwater Scholarship
Green Corps
Greenlining Institute Fellowship
Hertz Foundation Fellowship
Hollings Scholarship
Humanity in Action Fellowship
Japan Exchange and Teaching Program (JET)
Killam Fellowship
Knight-Hennessy Scholars
Korean Teaching Programs
Luce Scholars
Madison Graduate Fellowship
Marshall Scholarship
Mitchell Scholarship
National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship
NCAA Postgraduate Scholarship
NIH - IRTA/CRTA
NIH Oxford-Cambridge Biomedical Scholars Program
NSF Graduate Research Fellowship Program
Payne International Development Fellowship
Pickering Graduate Fellowship
PPIA Junior Summer Institute Fellowship
Princeton in Africa Fellowship
Princeton in Asia Fellowship
Princeton in Latin America Fellowship
Rangel Graduate Fellowship
Rangel Summer Enrichment Program
Rhodes Scholarship
Rotary Global Grant
Rotary Peace Fellowship
Schwarzman Scholars
Scoville Peace Fellowship
Soros Fellowship for New Americans
Spanish Teaching Assistants (NALCA)
SURF/NIST Boulder
SURF/NIST Gaithersburg
Truman Scholarship
Udall Scholarship
Watson Fellowship
WW Teaching Fellowship
Miscellaneous Fellowships
Fellowships and Grants by Class Year
Opportunities for Alumni
Opportunities for Seniors
Opportunities for Juniors
Opportunities for Sophomores
Opportunities for First-Year Students
Resources and Opportunities
Fellowships and Grants Applicant Information Form
Research Experiences for Undergraduates
Opportunities for International Students
Opportunities for Undocumented Students
Opportunities for LGBTQIA+ Students
Fulbridge: Fulbright U.S. Student Program Resource
Personal Statements
Letters of Recommendation
Transcripts and Resumes
Interview Preparation
Fellowships Calendar
Fellowship Recipients
Contact
Graduate Schools and Pre-Professional Programs
Internships
Whitties Helping Whitties
Student Engagement Center
Resources for Seniors
Our Staff
Student Team
Career Development
Whitties Helping Whitties
Career Services
Resumes, CVs & Cover Letters
Resume Challenge
Salary Negotiation
Networking
Interviewing
Handshake
Internships
Ben Rabinowitz Award
Community Fellow Program
For International Students
Internship Videos
Whitman Internship Database
Whitman Internship Grant
Get Involved
Student-Led Volunteer Opportunities
2020-21 Program Leaders
Whitman Teaches the Movement
Community Service Clubs
Community Volunteer Opportunities
Animals & Environment
Arts & Culture
Food & Hunger
Health & Medicine
Housing & Homelessness
People with Disabilities
Senior Citizens
Tutoring
Women
Youth
Community Outreach
SCORE
Whitman Student Consulting Corps
America Reads/America Counts
Plan Your Future
Four-Phase Plan
What Can I Do With My Degree?
Arts & Communication
Business
Education
Government & Law
Environment & Sustainability
Health & Medicine
Science, Engineering & Technology
Social & Human Services
Wayfinder Sankey Diagram
Graduate School
Jobs
Want to Hire a Whittie?
Information for Supervisors
SEC Blog
Whitman Stories
What is Whitties Helping Whitties?
Growing professional connections
Whitties Helping Whitties is a partnership between the Alumni Office and the Student Engagement Center that helps current students connect with alumni in order to grow their knowledge, build valuable networks and find career opportunities. The offices sponsors multiple opportunities for alumni to connect with students via networking, presentations or even just casual chats. Scroll down to see tips and advice from alumni about creating your best life after college.
Contact Information
Student Engagement Center
Reid Campus Center, 219  509-527-5183   sec_info@whitman.edu
Office of Alumni Relations
Baker Center  509-527-5167   alumni@whitman.edu
Career Events
More Events
Make the Most of your Whitman Experience
You only have four years in college. How do you get the most out of your time at Whitman and prepare yourself for your life after graduation? Alumni share their tips for enjoying your time in Walla Walla, exploring careers and finding your dreams.
Tim Howell ’18
Basketball Player, ABA
Becca Gotz ’14
Editorial Stylist, Zulily
Lazaro Carrion ’07
Project Director, Cyborg Mobile
Aaron Blank ’01
Executive Producer, Penguin Random House Audio
Explore Careers with Wayfinder
The Power of the Whitman Network
Developing relationships with industry professionals in your field of interest can open up new information and access to professional opportunities. Learn more about the power of Whitman connections as alumni share tips they've honed and stories of their networking successes and failures.
Mikaela Slade ’19
Analyst, Lighter Capital
Mikaela Slade ’19
Analyst, Lighter Capital
Why is there power in networking?
Impressing the interviewer relies just as much on the way you prepare for your interview as the confidence and presence you portray in the moment. So, how do you get started?
It is important to spend time networking, learning about what the company does, and understanding cultural dynamics of the people there.
Networking is not always clearly established at the top of the list because it takes time, it can be awkward getting acquainted with someone new, and the conversations require you to be attentive. However, it is important because you have the opportunity to set up and establish long-term relationships that will help you in your professional career.
Specifically, if you are interested in the company they are working at it is helpful to start networking with them before they enter the hiring period. In my case, I started networking with an alumni that worked at a venture capital firm in Seattle. I started with a phone call and talked to him about the work that he was doing to understand if it fit my interests. A few months later, I reached out when I was going to Seattle and we sat down and had coffee to discuss what I had been working on at Whitman and what he had been working on at the firm. While at coffee, I emphasized skills that I had been developing that might lend well to his line of work. This panned out well for me because in the following months, after keeping in touch and keeping a pulse for job openings at the company, he contacted me to let me know they had an opening for an analyst. It was not long after that I was interviewing for the position as an employee referral, which went a long way, and I received an offer.
In my experience networking, I found each conversation to be beneficial and unique because they offered me the chance to develop a professional skill set, meet mentors, access a potential job, and gain access to new resources that helped my personal career development. Thus, the act of networking became a rewarding activity for me because not only did I develop professionally, but I had engaging conversations with Whitman alumni that were always willing to invest their time and energy into helping me navigate the transition into the job market.
Thus, I highly suggest opening the door and beginning conversations to help the transition into life after Whitman. It will not only aid your efforts in your job search, but it will help you explore different industries while meeting mentors that are excited to help you along the way.
Brian Choe ’14
Program Manager, Technolutions
Brian Choe ’14
Program Manager, Technolutions
Throughout his career path, Brian Choe '14 has discovered the power of networking.
"I like to tell students that during the process of networking, you have very little to lose and so you should cast a wide net - reaching out to a friend of a friend or maybe someone you've never met, you lose nothing by just reaching out," said the economics graduate who now works at Technolutions.
In addition to networking, Choe says that he relies a lot on the "soft skills" in his work environment. These skills - like communication, organization and analytical thinking - were things he developed at Whitman in classes, campus jobs, and organizations he worked with.
"A lot of employers aren't looking for those hard skills, but more so whether you have the prowess to know how to find the answer if you don't know the answer. The ability to be resourceful and understanding that we are sharpening a lot of these soft skills to thrive in a world of ambiguity," Choe said.
Read more about Choe's career path from an admission tour guide to a program manager for an enrollment management software company.
Jack Percival ’16
Project Coordinator, Sonoma County Economic Development Board
Jack Percival ’16
Project Coordinator, Sonoma County Economic Development Board
Arthur Shemitz ’17
Provest and Investment Analyst, California Savings Plus Program
Arthur Shemitz ’17
Provest and Investment Analyst, California Savings Plus Program
Look for jobs on Handshake
SEC Networking Blog
From College to Career
An education from Whitman College is a power tool on your career development toolbelt. Alumni in this section moved into fulfilling careers from a variety of Whitman academic programs. Some discovered career interests along their post-graduate journey, while others maintained their interests from college to career. Explore alumni's stories of how they found a satisfying career after Whitman, and get tips for success in specific industries.
Al-Rahim Merali ’13
User Experience (UX) Researcher
Google
Ashley Trout ’03
Brook and Bull Cellars, Vital Wines
Wine industry
Jake Harwood ’14
Project Manager, Slalom
Portland, Oregon
Kelly Katon ’01
Manager of Events, Pokemon Company International
Event management
Justin Rose ’15
Technical Designer, Nike
Sports Content
Ellie Klein ’10
U.S. Government Accountability Office
Rhetoric Major
Eddy Vazquez ’15
Amazon
Visual Designer
Career Development
Tips for Post-Graduate Education
Graduate school can be an excellent way to further your academic and professional interests after Whitman. Alumni extend advice from personal experience with the application and selection processes, gap years and life as a grad student, to help current undergraduates and young alumni understand the possibilities of what a future in graduate school can look like.
Andrea Chin '15
Biochemistry, biophysics and molecular biology
James Garrison '04
Philosophy and German Studies
Talk to the SEC about Grad School
Explore Graduate Schools and Pre-Professional Programs