http://www.usitc.gov/privacy
Skip to main content
You are hereUSITC Home » Privacy Practices Privacy Practices
CONTACT US
Keith Vaughn
CIO / Senior Agency Official for Privacy
Lisa Barton
Secretary / Privacy Act Officer
Michael O'Rourke
Privacy Officer
privacy@usitc.gov
USITC Privacy Program
The U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) is committed to safeguarding the privacy of individuals who interact with the agency, in accordance with applicable laws, rules, and other issuances. This involves, among other things, providing information to the public on the USITC’s privacy policies and practices. The following documents and information are presented in order to provide the public with an understanding of how the agency addresses privacy concerns.
USITC Privacy Policy: The USITC posts on its web site a “Privacy Policy” in accordance with Section 208 of the E-Government Act of 2002, 44 U.S.C. § 3501 note.
USITC System of Records Notices (SORNs): The USITC publishes in the Federal Register descriptions of the systems of records it maintains under the Privacy Act, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552a(e)(4).
USITC Privacy Impact Assessments
(PIAs):The USITC prepares Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs) in accordance with Section 208 of the E-Government Act of 2002, 44 U.S.C. § 3501 note.
Gathering and Using Privacy Act Information: The USITC informs individuals whom it asks to provide information subject to the Privacy Act about how it will gather and use such information, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552a(e)(3). Most of the Privacy Act information gathered by the agency relates to agency employees, and its handling is described internally within the agency. The “Gathering and Using Privacy Act Information” statement describes how information from non-USITC individuals is gathered and used.
USITC Privacy Act Rules: The USITC Privacy Act Rules apply to all records in systems of records maintained by the Commission that are retrieved by an individual's name or other personal identifier. They describe the procedures by which individuals may request access to records about themselves, request amendment or correction of those records, and request an accounting of disclosures of those records by the Commission.
Make a Privacy Act Request: This link provides information on how to access information about yourself under the Privacy Act
Updated:  04/02/20
An official website of the United States government.