http://www.lcil.cam.ac.uk/terms-use-privacy-and-cookies/privacy-1
skip to content
Study at Cambridge
About the University
Research at Cambridge
Search site
Home
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Courses
Applying
Events and open days
Fees and finance
Student blogs and videos
Postgraduate
Why Cambridge
Course directory
How to apply
Fees
Funding
Frequently asked
questions
International
students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the
University and Colleges work
History
Visiting the University
Term dates and calendars
Map
For media
Video and audio
Find an expert
Publications
International Cambridge
News
Events
Public engagement
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
For staff
For current students
For alumni
For business
Colleges & departments
Libraries & facilities
Museums & collections
Email & phone search
HomeTerms of use, privacy and cookies
Research Centres
Institute of Criminology
Faculty of Law
Computer Office
Squire Law Library
Lauterpacht Centrefor International Law
Home
About the CentreAbout the Centre overview
HistoryHistory overview
Professor Sir Elihu Lauterpacht
Sir Hersch Lauterpacht
Past Directors
Benefactors of the Centre
Lauterpacht Linked programme
Facilities & accommodation
Visiting Fellows & Scholars - Applications
Scholarships & Prizes
Contact us
Courses
How to find us
Job opportunities
Photo library
PeoplePeople overview
Directors & Administration
Committee of Management
Advisory Board
Fellows & Researchers
Honorary Fellows
Senior Fellows
LCIL Partner Fellows
PhD Candidates
Current Visiting Academics & Postgraduate Students
Visiting Fellows Archive
Research
Lectures & EventsLectures & Events overview
Term lectures
The Eli Lauterpacht Lectures
Hersch Lauterpacht Memorial Lectures
Legal Histories Beyond the State Lecture Series
Art, Architecture & International Law seminar series
International Law and Political Engagement lecture series
Snyder Lectures
Other events
Events archive
Lecture Audio Recordings
PublicationsPublications overview
Fellows' Publications
PhD Student Publications
Hersch Lauterpacht Memorial Lectures
International Law Reports
ICSID Reports
Lauterpacht Centre News (LCN)
Annual Reports
Other centre publications
MediaMedia overview
Lecture recordings
News
Photo library
Visiting the Centre
Donate
Blog
Privacy
Lauterpacht Centrefor International LawLauterpacht Centrefor International LawAbout the Centre
People
Research
Lectures & Events
Publications
Media
Visiting the Centre
Donate
Blog
The Faculty does not collect personally identifying information about individuals, except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals.
When you visit the Site, you may provide us with two types of information:
(i) Personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis; and
(ii) Website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you browse our Site.
The Site automatically logs certain information about every request made of it (see below for more details). This information is used for system administration, bug tracking, and for producing usage statistics. The logged information is deleted each calendar month (or not later than 31 days).
Relevant subsets of this data may be passed to computer security teams as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site or other computing equipment in the University. Data may be passed to the administrators of other computer systems to enable investigation of problems accessing this site or of system misconfigurations. Data may incidentally be included in information passed to contractors and computer maintenance organisations working for the University, in which case it will be covered by appropriate non-disclosure agreements. Otherwise the logged information is not passed to any third party except if required by law. Summary statistics are extracted from this data and some of these may be made publicly available, but those that are do not include information from which individuals could be identified.
The Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the Sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers which may be based in other jurisdictions. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity for the Faculty and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.  For more information see the Cookies page.
Logged data
The following data may automatically logged for each request:
(i) The name or network address of the computer making the request. Note that under some (but not all) circumstances it may be possible to infer from this the identity of the person making the request. Note also that the data recorded may be that of a web proxy rather than that of the originating client;
(ii) The date and time of connection;
(iii) The HTTP request, which contains the identification of the document requested;
(iv) The status code of the request (success or failure etc.);
(v) The number of data bytes sent in response;
(vi) The contents of the HTTP Referrer header supplied by the browser; and
(vii) The content of the HTTP User-Agent header supplied by the browser.
Logging of additional data may be enabled temporarily from time to time for specific purposes. In addition, the computers on which the Site is hosted keep records of attempts (authorised and unauthorised) to use them for purposes other than access to the web server. This data typically includes the date and time of the attempt, the service to which access was attempted, the name or network address of the computer making the connection, and may include details of what was done or was attempted to be done.
Access to personal data
For the purpose of the UK Data Protection Act 1998, the 'Data Controller' for the processing of data collected by this site is the University of Cambridge, and the point of contact for subject access requests is the University Data Protection Officer (The Old Schools, Trinity Lane, Cambridge CB2 1TN, tel. 01223 332320, fax 01223 332332 E-mail: data.protection@admin.cam.ac.uk).
The University is also Data Controller in respect of any personal data served as content by this site.
Contact us
Lauterpacht Centre for International Law
University of Cambridge
5 Cranmer Road
Cambridge CB3 9BL, UK
Telephone: +44 1223 335 358
Email: admin@lcil.cam.ac.uk
Terms and Conditions
Accesskeys
Terms of use, privacy and cookiesTerms and conditions of use
Privacy
Cookies
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
Email
LinkedIn
Instagram
Quick links
Events
Jobs
Site map
Find us
Contact
© 2020 University of Cambridge
University A-Z
Contact the University
Accessibility
Freedom of information
Terms and conditions
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
International
students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the University
and Colleges work
Visiting the University
Map
News
Events
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
News
Features
Discussion
Spotlight on...
About research at Cambridge