https://www.wen.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policy for Wen
We are Wen (Women’s Environmental Network), a registered charity (no. 1010397). We are committed to ensuring that any personal data will be handled in line with new General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). See Resources & further information for GDPR legislation.
This website privacy policy, updated on 21st May 2018, sets out how we obtain, process and store personal data that you have provided to us. The following will be explained:
What personal information Wen collect.
How Wen uses this information.
How Wen stores personal information and for how long.
What personal information Wen shares.
Wen’s marketing and communication policy.
Wen’s legal basis for processing information.
Your rights to personal information you provide.
How staff and volunteer personal information is protected.
Updates and reviews.
For the purpose of GDPR, data processing is carried out at Women’s Environmental Network, Ground Floor, 20 Club Row, London, E2 7EY.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact info@wen.org.uk
What personal information Wen collect
We only process and store personal information that has been given with written or internet consent.
Personal information is collected when you fill out a form on our website, over the phone, by post or in person for example at an event.
The information we generally collect includes name, email address and postal code.
When you sign up for a membership and/or are supporting Wen financially we will collectyour bank details and home address.
If you sign up for our regular email bulletins we only ask for name, email address and insome situations organisation name (this is optional).
We offer the option to include a phone number, however this is optional. We only contactyou by phone if you have requested so or you cannot be reached via email.
How Wen uses this information
The information you provide to Wen will be used to keep in touch with you and/or process your request. An example of ways we use your information:
Process membership payments, donations for gift aid
Send marketing emails, updates on projects, campaigns and fundraising appeals or Invites to attend events, gatherings and forums.
To notify you of any changes, may that be policy, membership or general.
How Wen stores personal information and for how long
All personal information given to Wen will be stored securely.
Personal information is only accessible to Wen staff and trusted volunteers that have signed a confidentiality agreement.
Wen holds personal information for as long as you have an active relationship with us.
If you choose to cease an active relationship with us we will keep only basic details tocomply with your request and ensure you are no longer contacted by us.
We will keep a record of donations and membership payments for at least seven years forfinancial purposes.
To see our privacy procedure or to find out more information on how long we store data getin touch via email: info@wen.org.uk.
What personal information Wen shares
Wen will not, under any circumstances, sell or share your personal data with a third party for marketing purposes.
We will only share data with third party companies who provide services for WEN. This will only be specific and necessary data that is needed to provide a specific service, including delivering post, processing card payments and sending emails. See Resources & further information for other companies we work with and their privacy policies.
Wen’s marketing and communication policy
Wen will contact you for marketing purposes with the information you have given freely and with consent.
See Resources and further information to see the policy of third-party marketing and communication organisations we use.
See Your rights to personal information you provide to see how to opt-out or change communication preferences.
Your rights to personal information you provide
If you wish to update the information we hold or how we communicate with you please contact us:
Email us: info@wen.org.ukWrite to us: Wen, Ground Floor, 20 Club Row, London, E2 7EYCall us on 020 7481 9004 (Mon – Wed, 10am-6pm)
You are able to opt-out of marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link at the end of any WEN marketing email.
You can update your details by clicking the update link at the end of any marketing email from Wen.
Wen’s legal basis for processing information
Although in many cases we will seek consent to process your personal data, in some instances we may process your information without consent when we are legally allowed to do so. This will only be where it is in our legitimate interests to do so and where we are confident that such processing is not likely to prejudice your legitimate interests or rights and freedoms.
Where we are processing your personal data on the basis of consent that you have given us, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time such that we can no longer rely on it as a basis for continuing to process your personal information.
How staff and volunteer information is protected
All staff and volunteers must adhere to WEN’s privacy procedures, necessary documents are made available to staff and volunteers.
Personal information of paid staff is kept for seven years for finance purposes.
Staff and volunteer personal information is held as long as they have an active relationshipwith Wen.
If in the event the active relationship is ceased we will hold personal information for threeyears for the purpose of providing references to staff or volunteers for future employment opportunities.
Updates and reviews
The latest version is published on this page and complies with new General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
In the event of any changes to the law, the privacy policy will be updated. Supporters and members will be informed of any changes that affect their personal data and all necessary changes will be made to protect personal information and comply with the law.
Wen’s privacy policy will be reviewed every two years.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are small text files that are downloaded to your browser when you visit a webpage. Every time you go back to that website, your browser will send the cookie file back to the website’s server.
Cookies allow us to see how many people use the website and what pages they visit. This helps us to improve our site.
This can also allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
You can set your browser to not accept cookies however this can limit your ability to usecertain parts of our site.
For more information on cookies see Resources & further information.
Resources & further information
GDPR legislation
Mailchimp Policy
Facebook policy
Twitter Policy
Eventbrite
What are cookies?
About
Approach
The Team
Our Network
History
Jobs
Our Work
Air Equality
Environmenstrual
Nature for Wellbeing
Sustainable Food
Toxic Free Living
Women’s Climate Action
Wen Recommends
Local
News
Environmenstrual Week
JOIN Wen
DONATE