https://www.religiousmall.com/terms.php
$ Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
$ US Dollar
Track Order
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
***
SORRY WE ARE CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE
***
Categories
HOME
Byzantine Icons
Wooden Icons
Metal Icons
Icons with Silver 920-950
Handpainted Hagiography Icons
Flower Hagiographies
Classic Icons
Byzantine Icons Emvacic
Icons and Religious Items
Catholic Icons and Classics
Show All Byzantine Icons
Church Supplies
Altar and Communion Covers
Anditheron and Artoclasia bowls
Anointing Oil Bottles
Baptismal Fonts
Candelabrum
Candle Cases
Candle stands for Holy Table Akoimita
Candles etc
Church Banners and Flags
Church Fans Exapterigo
Church Furniture
Ecclesiastical Censers
Ecclesiastical Chalice Set
Ecclesiastical Zeon
Gifts for Priest Church Father
Gospels - Evangelium Coverings
Oil candles for Holy Table - Akoimita
Pectoral Crosses, Engolpion
Tabernacle, Holy Bread Box
Show All Church Supplies
Wedding and Baptism
Baptism Pins
Baptismal Fonts
Evil Eyes
Wedding Crowns and Woodcases
Show All Wedding and Baptism
For Christian Home
Christian Gifts
Christian Books
Vigil Oil Candles Kantili
Incense Burners
Crosses
Candle Stands
Prosphora Seals
Koliva decorations
Show All For Christian Home
FAQ
About us
Contact us
Checkout
Terms & Conditions
Shop by Category
Byzantine Icons
- Wooden Icons
- Metal Icons
- Icons with Silver 920-950
- Handpainted Hagiography Icons
- Flower Hagiographies
- Classic Icons
- Byzantine Icons Emvacic
- Icons and Religious Items
- Catholic Icons and Classics
Church Supplies
- Altar and Communion Covers
- Anditheron and Artoclasia bowls
- Anointing Oil Bottles
- Baptismal Fonts
- Candelabrum
- Candle Cases
- Candle stands for Holy Table Akoimita
- Candles etc
- Church Banners and Flags
- Church Fans Exapterigo
- Church Furniture
- Ecclesiastical Censers
- Ecclesiastical Chalice Set
- Ecclesiastical Zeon
- Gifts for Priest Church Father
- Gospels - Evangelium Coverings
- Oil candles for Holy Table - Akoimita
- Pectoral Crosses, Engolpion
- Tabernacle, Holy Bread Box
Wedding and Baptism
- Baptism Pins
- Baptismal Fonts
- Evil Eyes
- Wedding Crowns and Woodcases
For Christian Home
- Christian Gifts
- Christian Books
- Vigil Oil Candles Kantili
- Incense Burners
- Crosses
- Candle Stands
- Prosphora Seals
- Koliva decorations
Terms & Conditions
(Updated 5/18/2018)
The Religiousmall.com website is an online e-commerce store which
allows to order niche items. The terms and conditions set forth below
(“Terms of Use”), as well as the privacy policy set forth at
www.Religiousmall.com/privacy.php, apply to your use of the services
and functionality provided on or through the Religiousmall.com site
(the “Site”). The terms "you" and "user"
refers to all individuals and entities that access the Website.
It reflects our effort to comply with the more recent requirements
and make our Terms as clear and accessible to you as possible.
By accessing, registering, and/or using the Site, you acknowledge
that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms
of Use and the Privacy Policy. If you do not accept these Terms of
Use and the Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use the Site.
We may modify these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy at any time
and such modification will be effective upon posting to the Site.
Your continued use of the Website following the posting of such
changes constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. If you do
not agree with this Terms of Use, or any revised versions thereof,
you may not use the Website.
Age and Eligibility
In
order to use the Website you must be at least 13 years of age.
Individuals who are under the age of 13 are not allowed to use the
Website. Please do not attempt to register for the Website or send
any information about yourself to us, including your name, address,
telephone number, or email address if you are under that age. In the
event that we learn that we have collected personal information from
a Minor, we will delete that information as soon as possible. If we
believe you are under 13 years of age your account may be terminated
without warning. By accepting the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, you represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years
of age or older, and you have legal authority to enter into this
Agreement. In addition, if you enter any information on the site, you
represent and warrant that you are the parent or legal guardian of
the individual subject of the information or that you are otherwise
authorized by the parent or legal guardian to enter such
information.
Usage
The Content (material such as software, text, graphics, images,
video, audio, data and other materials) may be owned by us or may be
provided through an arrangement we have with others, including other
users of the Site, or our partners, sponsors, or affiliates. The
Content may be protected by copyright and unauthorized use of the
Content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You may not
sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify the Content or
reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version of,
distribute, or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or
commercial purpose, except to utilize features of the Site that, by
their nature, involve publishing or sharing of Content with the
public. If you violate any part of these Terms of Use, your
permission to access and/or use the Content and Site automatically
terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made
of the Content.
Precautions
Content found on this website is for informational purposes only. You
must not access or use our web site if you believe that data such as
race, health, sexual orientation, religion, or political beliefs may
be disclosed just by disclosing the access. By using the website you
agree that you do so at your own risk and are voluntarily accessing
and/or participating in the Site.
Information and Content on the Website
We try to provide helpful and accurate information on the Website,
but we cannot verify or endorse all information available through the
Website. We are not responsible for the accuracy, reliability,
effectiveness, or correct use of information you receive through the
Website. Religiousmall does not make any representations or
warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation or
availability of the website, its content, or any information made
available by or through the website, merchantability, or fitness for
a particular purpose.
Registration and Password
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login
information and password. Please do not disclose this information and notify
us of any unauthorized use of your login information or password. We cannot and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any
loss, damage, or misuse of your data
that
you
may
have also disclosed to other
parties.
Your Affirmative act of using this Website and/or registering for the
Website constitutes your electronic signature to these Terms of
Service and your consent to enter into our Agreements electronically.