https://www.truroschool.com/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
Truro School > Privacy and Cookies Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Truro School uses and protects any information that you give Truro School when you use this website.
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Truro School is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Truro School may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 10/07/2020
What we collect
The Truro School website features various contact forms where users are able to provide data. These forms are classed in three categories and are used for the purposes of:
Category A – Admissions Database
Digital prospectus requests
Hard-copy (postal) prospectus requests
Virtual Tour views
Category B – School Events
For website users (including existing parents and pupils) to book attendance and tickets at events.
Category C – Alumni and Foundation
The Alumni (Old Truronian) database comprises alumni, former staff, former governors, parents of alumni and friends of Truro School.
For community members booking attendance and tickets at events
For community members to update their contact details and share further information where preferred
For community members to partake in our ‘find a friend’ initiative
For community members to take part in the Truro School Connected initiative
Category D – Admissions Reminders
Single Open Event Reminder Requests
Open Events and Admissions Deadlines Mailing List
These are one-field forms that appear on selected pages of the Truro School website. Users are invited to submit their email address to be reminded of upcoming open events and/or admissions deadlines.
The appearance of these forms can vary, either being embedded in the website or appearing as pop-ups.
What we do with the information we gather
Category A – Admissions Database
This information is added to Truro School’s secure admissions database through the School Information Management System (SIMS) software.
All contact details provided through these two contact forms permit an initial follow up and this is stated at the point of data entry.
In addition, users may also opt-in to receive information on future Truro School open events and admissions deadlines. All users have the right to ask for their data to be removed from SIMS at any time by emailing admissions@truroschool.com. Truro School will honour this request absolutely. Please allow up to 5 working days for such requests to be actioned.
Category B – School Events
Members of staff at Truro School who are responsible for organising events use this information.
Your information may be shared between Truro School staff in the process of arranging events. For example, your information may be shared with the catering team to help them layout seating plans for meals. Your information may also be shared with the Truro School Finance Department for billing purposes.
Category C – Alumni and Foundation
The database is compiled on the basis of ‘legitimate interest’ and information stored will be used in a variety of ways:
Old Truronian Events
When former pupil events are being booked, a note of your attendance at events will be stored on record in Truro School’s Alumni Database. Members of staff at Truro School who are responsible for organising alumni events will use your information for planning purposes. Your information may be shared amongst other Truro School staff in the process of arranging events.
Updating contact details
Alumni are able to update their contact details and share additional information through selected forms on the Truro School website. This information will be added to the Alumni database, overwriting any existing information that the school already holds on the user.
Find a friend initiative
Alumni are able to partake in our ‘find a friend’ initiative. By completing this contact form, a user consents for Truro School to send their personal information to a former school friend whom they are seeking to reconnect with (the information receiver). It is then up to the information receiver to decide on whether they wish to reconnect with the user.
Truro School Connected
Participants are able to join the Truro School Connected initiative by completing this contact form. Truro School Connected connects Sixth Form students and Old Truronians with members of the Truro School Community to assist them with careers advice, guidance, work placement opportunities and networking links. A user submits the form with relevant business and careers information that they are willing to share and how they would be willing to help with the initiative.
Category D – Admissions Reminders
Where possible, data submitted via these single-field forms is sent directly to the admissions team. Some of our pop-up forms send your email address to our secure, third-party mailing software. Here, your data is securely stored and password-protected for future reminder emails as requested.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, do not tick boxes that request your information to be used for future direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at cll@truroschool.com. Please allow up to 5 working days for such requests to be actioned.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact cll@truroschool.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Cookies
Cookies enable us to check the number of visitors to the various parts of our website. We collect this information in a way that does not identify anyone, not attempting to find out the identities of anyone visiting our site. We do not associate any cookie data with any personally identifiable information. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will always explain what we intend to do with it.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a text file that identifies your computer to the Truro School website.
Cookies do not identify the individual user.
Cookies on the Truro School website are strictly not used to collect any personal information.
This website relies on cookies in order to run correctly. Users can disable or block cookies and still access all of the website’s information, however this may result in a poor user experience.
Cookies we use
Cookie Type
Description
Google Analytics
Used to collect anonymised information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form including, but not limited to, the number of visitors to the site, which pages they visited, which device they use and session duration. You can read the Overview of privacy at Google.
Opt-in Monster
Opt-in Monster cookies appear on selected pages of the Truro School website.
A cookie is set when a user registers their email address to receive reminders concerning admissions deadlines and open events. The cookie’s function is to stop the pop-up from re-appearing.
Alternatively, if a user closes a pop-up, a cookie is set to remember the user’s preference and stop another pop-up from reappearing for the remainder of their session.
Cookie Bar
This cookie remembers if you have previously clicked ‘Close Message’ on our cookie statement, meaning that the message will not appear again on future visits to the Truro School website.
Opting Out
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics, please visit: https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated
To view and select which third-party cookies are active on your browser, please visit: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
Another useful link for viewing cookie consent across the entire internet is: http://www.aboutads.info/choices
Limitation of liability and disclaimer
We make every effort to update the information on our site, however we make no representations, warranties or guarantees that the information on our site is accurate or up-to-date.
By using the Truro School website, you expect that the school will not be liable for any action taken as a result, direct or otherwise, of content contained or accessed through www.truroschool.com. Any statements provided on this website can be checked for accuracy by contacting the school.
In no event will Truro School be liable for any direct, indirect punitive, incidental, consequential damages arising from the use of the information and materials available from this website.
CORNWALL’S LEADING INDEPENDENT DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS AND BOYS
Truro School Prep and Nursery
01872 272616
Truro School Prep,
Highertown, Truro,
Cornwall, TR1 3QN
Truro School Senior and Sixth
01872 272763
Truro School Senior,
Trennick Lane, Truro,
Cornwall, TR1 1TH
Pupil Absence
Senior & Sixth Form01872 246118
Prep & Nursery
01872 272616
Admissions
Admissions
Nursery Admissions
Prep Admissions
Senior Admissions
Sixth Form Admissions
Fees
Scholarships and Bursaries
Request a Prospectus
Tours and Open Events
Parent Information
Parent Information
Weekly Bulletin
News and Galleries
Clubs and Activities
Transport
Uniform
Term Dates
Handbooks
Policies: Nursery, Pre-Prep and Prep
Policies: Senior and Sixth Form
Read More
Read More
Employment Opportunities
Meet the Governors
Senior Leadership Team
Methodist Independent Schools’ Trust
Mission, Values and Ethos
Co-education
Inspection Reports
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Back to top
Web Design by Design79
Web Build by
Truro School is part of the Methodist Independent Schools Trust (MIST)
Registered Office: Methodist Church House.
25 Marylebone Road, London, NW1 5JR.
MIST Telephone Number: 02079353723 | Charity No. 1142794.
Company No. 7649422