http://www.forsberg-umlauf.com/privacy/
Privacy » Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S. Litigation Defense
Toggle navigation
Our Firm
Practices
Professionals
Resources
Locations
Privacy
Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S. is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S. of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S., and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of FoUm.law you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs;
Information about the type of browser you are using, IP address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
Use of Information Collected
Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S. may collect and may make use of information to assist in the operation of our website.
Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S. does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website may contain links to other websites. Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S. does not claim or accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S. shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control.
Acceptance of TermsThrough the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.  Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S. reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time.How to Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.Email: firm@FoUm.lawTelephone Number: (206) 689-8500Mailing Address:Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S. 901 Fifth Ave., Ste 1400 Seattle, Washington 98164
Call us: (206) 689-8500
Contact info and directions to:
Seattle and
Tacoma offices
›
© 2020 Forsberg & Umlauf, P.S.
Sitemap Disclaimer Privacy Site Credits