https://www.constantchatter.com/privacy/
Constant Chatter Privacy Policy
If you have questions about accessing or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.
Mendo Media, Inc. (“Mendo Media”) operates websites including ConstantChatter.com. It is Mendo Media and Constant Chatter’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Constant Chatter collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Constant Chatter’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Constant Chatter’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Constant Chatter may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Constant Chatter also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Constant Chatter does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Constant Chatter’s websites choose to interact with Constant Chatter in ways that require Constant Chatter to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Constant Chatter gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a sweepstakes to provide name and email address and, in some case, certain demographic data requested by our partners. Visitors using our forum are required to register with a working email address in order to participate. In each case, Constant Chatter collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Constant Chatter. Constant Chatter does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Constant Chatter may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Constant Chatter may monitor the most popular pages on the site or use spam filters screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. Constant Chatter may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Constant Chatter does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Constant Chatter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Constant Chatter’s behalf or to provide services available at Constant Chatter’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Constant Chatter’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Constant Chatter will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Constant Chatter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Constant Chatter believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Constant Chatter, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Constant Chatter website and have supplied your email address, Constant Chatter may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Constant Chatter and our products. We primarily use our product blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Constant Chatter takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Constant Chatter uses cookies to help Constant Chatter identify and track visitors, their usage of Constant Chatter website, and their website access preferences. Constant Chatter visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Constant Chatter’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Constant Chatter’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Constant Chatter and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to our third-party content service are not saved on our servers. You may be asked to sign into an external comment service or to use an sxisting social network account to participate in the comment section of our site.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Constant Chatter may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Constant Chatter’s sole discretion. Constant Chatter encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a WordPress.com account, you should also check your blog’s dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
Google Raised My Baby, Vol. 9: Tips for Dealing With a Toddler in a Psychotic Fit of Rage
Google Raised My Baby, Vol. 8: Can a 2-Year-Old Have Bieber Fever?
The Fine Art of Setting Intentions
Google Raised My Baby, Vol. 7: When Is a Baby Smarter Than a Monkey?
5 Things to Do Before the End of the Year
Archives Archives
Select Month
November 2014
June 2013
February 2013
December 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011