http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/legal/lgln/02.2004.html
<!--[if supportFields]> SEQ CHAPTER \h \r 1LESBIAN/GAY
LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 February 2004
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard,
New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013,
212-431-2156, fax 431-1804;
e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Fred
Bernstein, Esq., New York City; Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York
City; Joshua Feldman, Student,
NY Law School '05; Joseph Griffin, Student, NY Law School
'05; Alan J. Jacobs, Esq., New
York City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V.
Lamb, Esq., New York City; Mark
Major, Esq., New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., New York,
N.Y.; Daniel R Schaffer, New
York City; Audrey E.Weinberger, Student, NY Law School '05; Robert Wintemute,
Esq., King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY,
799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-
9118; e-mail:
le_gal@earthlink.net.  Inquire for
subscription rates.
(C) 2004 by the Lesbian &
Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
11TH CIRCUIT REJECTS
CHALLENGE TO FLORIDA GAY ADOPTION BAN
In a mean-spirited opinion that both denigrates gay parents
and ignores the harms suffered by children trapped in the foster care system,
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit ruled that Florida's
statutory ban on gay people adopting children is constitutional.  _Lofton v. Secretary of the Dep’t of
Children and Family Services_.  2004 WL
161275 (Jan. 28).  In affirming the
district court, Circuit Judge Stanley F. Birch, Jr., characterized _Lawrence v.
Texas_, 123 S.Ct. 2472 (2003), as a mere rational basis opinion, and _Romer v.
Evans_,  517 U.S. 620 (1996),  as a “unique factual situation and narrow
holding,<!70> and determined that neither case provided any support for
plaintiffs’ due process and equal protection claims.
Florida’s ban against homosexual adoption was enacted by the
state legislature in 1977 in the wake of Anita Bryant’s “Save Our Children”
campaign, which was aimed at repealing a gay rights ordinance that had been
adopted in Miami-Dade County by the local commission.  Bryant’s campaign, which dominated local media and emphasized the
fear that gay teachers would seduce students into being gay, quickly infected
the legislature, which rushed the measure through without any serious
consideration of the merits.
At the time, no other state had legislated to disqualify
people from adopting children if they were “a homosexual.”  New Hampshire adopted such a ban during the
1980s, in a similar panic engendered by a _Boston Globe_ article about the
placement of two boys with a gay male couple.
The New Hampshire ban was adopted after the state’s supreme court issued
an advisory opinion that it was constitutional, citing literature that
intimated that a child’s sexual orientation might be influenced by its parents’
orientation, and asserting that the state had a legitimate interest in
preventing kids from growing up to be gay.
The New Hampshire legislature recently came to its senses on this issue
and repealed its ban. Although a handful of states have laws or regulations
against adoption by same-sex couples, no state other than Florida has such a
categorically anti-gay statutory prohibition.
Notwithstanding the ban, however, Florida officials have been placing
kids with gay foster parents and adult guardians for many years, and there is a
severe shortage of qualified adoptive parents in Florida, where over 3,000
children are wards of the state without permanent placements.
Several attempts have been made to repeal the Florida law,
and several legal challenges have been filed over the years.  The most recent, which led to this week's
decision, was filed on behalf of prospective gay parents and the children they
wished to adopt.  The lead plaintiff,
Steven Lofton, is a registered pediatric nurse who has raised from infancy
three Florida foster children, each of whom were HIV+ at birth.  John Doe, one of the child plaintiffs,
tested positive for HIV and cocaine at birth and was placed in the foster care
system.  A private agency placed Doe in
foster care with Lofton, who had extensive experience treating HIV
patients.  At eighteen months, Doe
seroconverted and has since tested negative.
Due to his change in HIV status, Doe became eligible for adoption.
In describing how the plaintiffs came before the court,
Judge Birch’s tone foreshadowed the negative outcome that followed.  The opinion recounts that, in September
1994, Lofton filed an application to adopt Doe but refused to answer questions
about his “sexual preference” and failed to disclose that his household
included his cohabiting male partner.
After Lofton continued to refuse to provide this information to the
Department of Children and Families, the court explained, his application was
rejected pursuant to the homosexual adoption provision.  For some reason, at this point Judge Birch
felt it necessary to mention that, after the Department’s rejection of Lofton’s
application, a law professor who knew the couple wrote the ACLU and informed
the organization that this couple “would make ‘excellent test plaintiffs.’” The
court also noted that the Department offered Lofton a “compromise,” by agreeing
to let Lofton become Doe’s legal guardian, which would have allowed Doe to
leave the foster care system and the Department’s supervision.  Lofton declined this option, according to
the court, because “it would have cost Lofton over $300 a month in lost foster
care subsidies and would have jeopardized Doe’s Medicaid coverage.”  Rather, Lofton informed the Department that
he was only willing to become Doe’s guardian if it was an interim step towards
full adoption.  Because the Department
“could not accommodate this condition” consistent with Florida’s ban on
homosexual adoption, plaintiffs filed suit.
In addition to Lofton, Plaintiff John Roe, along with his
legal guardian, Douglas E. Houghton, Jr., filed suit when Houghton’s attempts
to adopt Roe were rebuffed because the Department’s home study, which mentioned
his homosexuality, rendered him ineligible.
Plaintiffs Wayne Laruye Smith and Daniel Skahen submitted applications
with the Department to serve as adoptive parents after serving as foster
parents for three children.  Because
they indicated that they are homosexuals on their form, the application was
denied.  After their case was dismissed
in its entirety by the district court (U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of Florida), the plaintiffs appealed to the Eleventh Circuit Court of
Appeals.
On behalf of the plaintiffs, the ACLU argued that Florida
was violating the plaintiffs’ rights to family privacy, intimate association,
and family integrity under the Due Process Clause, the fundamental right to
privacy identified in _Lawrence_, and the right to Equal Protection of the
laws.  Specifically, plaintiffs argued
that _Lawrence_ prevented the state from imposing burdens on them solely
because of the state’s disapproval of their constitutionally protected choice
to have same-sex relationships.
The court began its analysis by emphasizing that “adoption
is not a right; it is a statutory privilege. . . . Unlike biological parentage,
adoption is wholly a creature of the state.”
A state’s adoption policies and procedures reflect the fact that it acts
_in loco parentis_ for children who are wards of the state.  Therefore, the court emphasized, unlike
criminal law, where substantive concerns about liberty and procedural concerns
about fairness are paramount, or government benefits schemes, where equality of
treatment is the primary concern, the state’s overriding interest in the
adoption context is the best interest of the child.
Because of this difference, the court continued, the state
can distinguish among classes of people with regard to adoption in ways that
would be constitutionally suspect in other contexts.  The court noted that adoptive parents must live and work in
Florida, must submit to physical and mental health screenings, and other
intrusions on their privacy.  These
intrusions are permissible, the court explained, because “[t]he decision to
adopt a child is not a private one, but a public act.”   Therefore, whereas other government
regulations might be considered impermissible attempts “to foist orthodoxy on
the unwilling,” adoption regulations further the state’s interest in ensuring
that children are placed in the best possible family environment.  For this reason, although not immune from
constitutional scrutiny, adoption schemes are entitled to heightened
deference.
The court also insisted that this case was not simply about
the state leaving plaintiffs alone.
Rather, in its view, the plaintiffs were asking the court to “confer
official recognition – and, consequently, the highest level of constitutional
insulation from subsequent state interference – on a relationship where there
exists no natural filial bond.”  (This
argument has already been prevalent in the marriage context.)
Although plaintiffs conceded that there is no “fundamental
right to adopt,” they pointed out that the Due Process clause protects parents’
decisions concerning the care, custody and control of their children, meaning
that there is a “private realm of family life which the state cannot
enter.”  The court, on the other hand,
began its analysis by observing that the usual understanding of family involves
biological relationships.  In
anticipation of these arguments, however, plaintiffs had emphasized that the
Supreme Court itself recognized that “biological relationships are not the
exclusive determination of the existence of a family.”
Casting aside the Supreme Court’s pluralistic view of
family, the court insisted that even the Supreme Court distinguished between
natural and foster families by noting that the latter were wholly creatures of
state law.  Therefore, any due process
rights in the foster family context were dependent on the expectations created
by state law and were only procedural in nature.  In support of its analysis, the court cited a Fifth Circuit case
where a couple challenged a Georgia provision preventing white foster parents
from adopting their mixed-race child, whom they had parented for two
years.  Characterizing their claim as
“identical” to those of the plaintiffs in this case, the court insisted that
nothing in Florida law created a justifiable expectation that their
relationship would be left undisturbed.
While suggesting that a different system of state regulations
might in fact create such an expectation, the court found that Florida’s legal
regime, which subjects legal guardians to extensive judicial oversight, annual
reviews and the possibility of removal of their foster children for a variety
of reasons, precluded such a finding in this case.  Moreover, even if any such reasonable expectation existed, the
court reiterated that the due process clause would confer only procedural
rights, as opposed to any substantive right to retain custody of their foster
children.  For all of these reasons, the
court refused to “recognize a new fundamental right to family integrity for
groups of individuals who have formed deeply loving and interdependent
relationships.”
The court then analyzed what, if any, impact the Supreme
Court’s decision in _Lawrence_ had on this case.  Plaintiffs argued that _Lawrence_ identified a fundamental right
to private sexual intimacy, and that Florida’s ban on adoption by homosexuals
burdened the exercise of that fundamental right.  The court’s discussion represents the latest example, in a
disturbing trend, where a court has adopted Justice Scalia’s dissent in
_Lawrence_ as somehow providing the definitive interpretation of the case’s
significance. The _Lofton_ court, while recognizing that _Lawrence_
“establish[ed] a greater respect than previously existed in the law for the
right of consenting adults to engage in private sexual conduct,” nevertheless
insisted that the Supreme Court never characterized this right as
“fundamental.”  Instead, the panel
emphasized Justice Kennedy’s observation that Texas’s consensual sodomy law
“furthers no legitimate state interest which can justify its intrusion into the
personal and private life of the individual,” and based on this analysis,
concluded that _Lawrence_ is nothing more than a rational basis opinion.
The panel insisted that the “language and
reasoning<!70> of _Lawrence_ are “inconsistent with standard
fundamental-rights analysis,” because it did not determine that the right
asserted was “deeply rooted in this Nation’s history and tradition and implicit
in the concept of ordered liberty,” and did not provide a “careful description”
of the asserted fundamental liberty interest.
In fact, the court suggested that the sweeping language of Justice Kennedy’s
opinion actually undermined the argument that the Supreme Court had recognized
a “new” fundamental right.  (Apparently
on the logic that by winning too much you, in fact, win nothing at all.)
The court also emphasized that _Lawrence_ specifically
pointed out that the sodomy challenge before it did not involve minors, coerced
individuals, public conduct, or any call for “formal government recognition to
any relationship that homosexual persons seek to enter.”  Because adoption involves children as well
as adults, and because adoption statutes are less intrusive than criminal laws,
the court described _Lawrence_ as wholly inapposite.  Even though the court ultimately distinguished _Lawrence_ on its
facts, its gutting of _Lawrence_ will likely wreak havoc throughout the federal
courts for years to come if the opinion is not supplanted by an en banc
decision or overruled or narrowed by the Supreme Court on appeal..
The court then addressed plaintiffs’ equal protection
argument.  Having dismissed the notion
that any fundamental rights were burdened by Florida’s discriminatory regime,
the court simply asked whether there was a rational basis for a rule that
categorically prevented homosexuals from adopting children.  Reciting the usual mantra of “judicial
restraint” and the “strong presumption of validity” for statutes that do not
involve suspect classifications, the court recounted the state’s justifications
for the ban.
Florida argued that the optimum adoptive setting is a
traditional heterosexual married family, and that as a matter of policy it has
a right to insist on that model because of its obligation to serve the “best
interests of the children,” which is always the overriding concern in family
matters.  Specifically, the state
emphasized the “vital role that dual-gender parenting plays in shaping sexual
and gender identity and providing heterosexual role modeling.”
The court began its analysis by observing that “[i]t is
chiefly from parental figures that children learn about the world and their
place in it, and the formative influence of parents extends well beyond the
years spent under their roof, shaping their children’s psychology, character
and personality for years to come.”
Because of the tremendous influence that parents have over the next
generation, the state’s interest in promoting an “optimal social structure for
educating, socializing, and preparing its future citizens to become productive
participants in civil society” is “paramount.”
Taking this point one step further, the court insisted that Florida also
has a legitimate interest in encouraging this optimal family structure by
placing children in homes that have both a father and a mother.  Noting that the plaintiffs failed to provide
any evidence that questioned the benefits of dual gender rearing, the court
suggested that the state’s premise was one of those “unprovable assumptions”
that could provide the basis for legislative action.  In a memorable statement, the court, while acknowledging that
social theorists ranging from Plato to Simone de Beauvoir have proposed
“alternative child-rearing arrangements,” insisted that “none has proven as
enduring as the marital family structure, nor has the accumulated wisdom of
several millennia of human experience discovered a superior model.”
In response to these argument by the state, Plaintiffs noted
that Florida’s actual practices belied its purported rationale for the ban
because the state allowed unmarried heterosexuals to adopt.  The court was not troubled by this
inconsistency, however, noting that single heterosexual adoptive parents might
eventually marry.  Notwithstanding the
fact that New Hampshire has since repealed its ban on homosexual adoption, the
court cited a 1987 advisory opinion from that state’s supreme court, which
likewise concluded that the ban on homosexual adoption was rationally related
to the state’s desire “to provide appropriate role models for children” as they
develop their sexual and gender identities. Even if the assumptions underlying
these legislative choices are erroneous, the court maintained, the very fact
that the assumptions are plausible immunizes the law from constitutional
challenge.
Second, plaintiffs insisted that no policy that kept
adoptive children out of loving homes could reasonably be described as
rationally related to advancing the best interest of children.  Moreover, a categorical ban on homosexual
adoption prevents the kind of individualized analysis that could result in
children’s placement in loving, nurturing families.  The court acknowledged that there are thousands of children whose
adoptions are delayed because of Florida’s “nuclear family” adoption policy,
and agreed that the categorical exclusion of homosexuals was likely both over-
and under-inclusive.  Nevertheless, the
state’s objective, which the court found permissible, was to place children in
an _optimal_ home environment and not simply to place them in homes as soon as
possible. “The best interest of children . . . are not automatically served by
adoption into _any_ available home merely because it is permanent.”  Moreover, the court concluded, the state’s
policy could rationally be viewed as “increas[ing] the probability that these
children eventually will be placed with married couple families, thus
furthering the state’s goal of optimal placement.”
Plaintiffs also questioned the rationality of the state’s
policy in light of the fact that it allows homosexuals to serve as foster
parents and legal guardians.  The court
insisted that “a disparity between a law and its enforcement” is not relevant
to rational basis review, which only asked whether the legislature could have
reasonably thought that the law would promote a legitimate state interest.  Moreover, the actual placement of children
with homosexual guardians and foster parents was an executive function and
likewise irrelevant to the issue of whether the legislature had a rational
basis for enacting the challenged law.
Finally, the court emphasized that foster care and legal guardianship
are designed to address a different situation than permanent adoption, and the
legislature must be allowed to a problem incrementally.
When presented with the vast social science research
demonstrating that there is no basis for preventing homosexuals from adopting,
the court found that the legislature could have reasonably questioned the
validity of these studies, based on critiques about their methodology, and
conclusions.  Citing the anti-gay
parenting studies provided by amici in support of the state, the court
commented that the pro-gay parenting studies have been criticized for their
“use of small, self-selected samples; reliance on self-report instruments;
politically driven hypotheses; and the use of unrepresentative study
populations consisting of disproportionately affluent, educated parents.”  In addition, the court suggested that the
state could have been influenced by the (notorious) research by Cameron &
Cameron in _Homosexual Parents_, which claims that children raised in
homosexual households fare differently on a number of measures than children
raised in heterosexual households.
Taking its cue from Justice Cordy’s dissent in the _Goodridge_ opinion,
the court also noted that even if the legislature found the pro-gay parenting
studies credible, it still could have rationally decided to wait for further
study so that it could be sure that children would be “safe” in gay
households.  Because the “question of
the effects of homosexual parenting on childhood development is one on which
even experts of good faith reasonably disagree,” the court concluded that
Florida had a rational basis for categorically excluding homosexuals from being
adoptive parents.
Finally, the court rejected the argument that _Romer v.
Evans_ precluded the kind of discrimination against homosexuals that Florida
had codified in its adoption laws.
Whereas Amendment 2 in Colorado was “sweeping and comprehensive,”
excluding homosexuals from “an almost unlimited number of transactions and
endeavors that constitute ordinary civic life,” Florida’s adoption provision
merely limits access to the “statutory privilege of adoption.”  In addition, because the exclusion was
rationally related to the asserted state interest, the court refused to believe
that the prohibition was the product of “animus” against homosexuals as a
class.  Apparently unsatisfied with its
efforts to render _Lawrence_ meaningless, the court concluded its equal
protection analysis by insisting that _Romer_ was a “unique factual situation
and narrow holding,” and thus “inapposite to this case.”
Joining Judge Birch were Judge Carnes and Judge Hug, a Ninth
Circuit judge who was sitting on the panel by designation.  Judges Birch and Carnes were appointed by
President George H.W. Bush.  Judge Hug
was a Carter appointee.
Reacting to the decision, Matt Coles, director of the ACLU's
Lesbian and Gay Rights Project, said, “We think the court is wrong in believing
that government can continue to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation
after the Supreme Court's decision in _Lawrence v. Texas_ last summer.  We think the court is wrong in thinking that
the Constitution lets the government assume that sexual orientation has
anything to do with good parenting.  We
are distressed that the court’s decision will leave thousands of children without
the homes and the parents they deserve.”
At the time this article went to press, the ACLU was still
considering its options with regard to further appeals, but some of the
plaintiffs had stated at press conferences that they were eager to appeal the
ruling further.   See _Miami Herald_ and
_South Florida Sun-Sentinel_, Jan. 30. _Sharon McGowan, with A.S.L._
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Kansas Appeals Court Reaffirms Longer Sentence for Gay Sex
With Minors
Adopting a narrow view of the scope of the U.S. Supreme
Court’s rulings in _Lawrence v. Texas_ and _Romer v. Evans_, a three-judge
panel of the Kansas Court of Appeals voted 2-1 to reject a challenge to the
lengthy prison sentence imposed on Matthew R. Limon, who was found at age 18 to
have engaged in oral sex with a 14-year-old who was a fellow resident of an
institution for developmentally disabled youth. _State of Kansas v. Limon_, No.
85,898 (Jan. 30, 2004).  The court was
reconsidering its earlier affirmance of the sentence, which had been vacated for
reconsideration by the U.S. Supreme Court shortly after it issued its decision
in _Lawrence_ last June.
Under Kansas criminal statutes, “sodomy” between an adult (a
person age 18 or older) and a minor is a serious offense, a “severity level 3
person felony” exposing the perpetrator to a lengthy prison term.  However, a separate statute is available to
prosecutors to charge a teenager over the age of consent who has sex with a
teenager _of the opposite sex_ who is slightly under the age of consent - the
so-called “Romeo and Juliet Law.” The conduct is criminal, but the authorized
sentence is much shorter.
When he was prosecuted under the more punitive statute,
Limon protested that due to his closeness in age to his sexual partner, and the
fact that the activity was consensual (and that he stopped when his partner
asked him to stop), he should be prosecuted under the more lenient statute, and
if this was not possible, that the Romeo and Juliet Law violated his right to
equal protection.  The Kansas courts
rejected his argument, and he was sentenced to 17 years and two months in
prison.  The ACLU Lesbian and Gay Rights
Project, representing Limon on appeal, urged the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn
this result on equal protection grounds.
That Court vacated and remanded the case for “reconsideration in light
of _Lawrence v. Texas_.”
In _Lawrence_ the Court struck down the Texas Homosexual
Conduct Law, finding that it impermissibly abridged the liberty of a same-sex
male couple who had been prosecuted for engaging in a private act of sodomy
inadvertently discovered by the police.
Justice Kennedy’s opinion for the Court employed broadly worded liberty
rhetoric rather than engaging in a traditional due process analysis, leading
Justice Scalia to comment in dissent that the Court had “not” declared gay sex
a “fundamental right,” and noting that the Court had struck down the Texas law
because it could find no rational basis for it.  A concurring opinion by Justice O’Connor had premised the
unconstitutionality of the law on an equal protection analysis, invoking _Romer
v. Evans_ and a practice of using a “more searching” rational basis test for
reviewing statutes that interfere with personal relationships.
On remand, the ACLU had argued that Limon’s sentence must be
set aside in light of _Lawrence_, but a majority of the Kansas panel was not
convinced.  In separate opinions, Judges
Richard Green and Tom Malone each asserted that _Lawrence_ did not control this
case, pointing out that Justice Kennedy had specifically observed in _Lawrence_
that the case before the Court did not involve minors, and neither was willing
to find that adults have a constitutionally protected right to engage in gay
sex with minors.  For these judges,
viewing _Lawrence_ as a “rational basis” case, and taking a similar view of
_Romer v. Evans_, the Supreme Court’s only gay equal protection ruling to date,
the question was whether the state has a rational basis to impose a lengthier
sentence on an adult who engages in “sodomy” with a minor of the same sex than
it imposes on an adult who has sex with a minor of the opposite sex.
Judge Green found convincing the state’s list of reasons,
including some that one might find very questionable in light of the Supreme
Court majority’s rhetoric in _Lawrence_, especially those reasons ground in
moral judgments about homosexuality.
But Green picked up his second panel vote from Judge Malone, who was
willing to credit the state’s assertion that homosexual sex presents greater
health risks than heterosexual sex, particularly between males, while noting
that the rational basis approach is not particularly demanding when it comes to
a “fit” between the rationale and the result.
For dissenting judge G. Joseph Pierron, this was a step too
far.  Pierron found the justifications
offered by the state either irrational or ruled out by _Lawrence_.  Indeed, he criticized some of the state’s
arguments as being “incomprehensible.” As to the point that had convinced
Malone and provided the majority on the panel, Pierron commented: “There is a
facial connection between penalizing consensual criminal sexual relations with
a minor and concerns about venereal diseases. However, there is no reasonable
support presented for much greater criminal punishments for any homosexual acts
than for any heterosexual acts.  One
must first note the obvious fact that there is no difference in the penalties
imposed under the Kansas law based on whether the defendant actually does or
does not have a venereal disease.  This
is a very important omission if the law was truly concerned about venereal
disease.  Perhaps even more unusual is
that under the law a female infected with every venereal disease yet
identified, and engaging in acts quite likely to infect or actually infecting a
male minor, will received a much lighter sentence.  A disease-free male engaging in sex with another male in a manner
not likely to spread disease if it was present will receive a much heavier
sentence.  Perversely, under the law, a
male with a venereal disease who infects and impregnates an underage female
will also receive a much lighter sentence.
We must also recognize the inapplicability of much of this rationale as
it applies to female-with-female sex, which usually has an extreme low
potential for spreading venereal disease but receives the higher penalty.”
Judge Pierron was particularly critical of the majority’s
resort to rhetoric about morality, and concluded: “Carved in stone above the
pillars in front of the United States Supreme Court building are the words
‘Equal Justice Under Law.’ In bronze letters on the north interior wall of the
Kansas Judicial Center we read ‘Within These Walls The Balance of Justice
Weighs Equal.’ There are reasons why we remind ourselves so graphically of the
importance of equal justice.  Persons in
power and authority have historically been tempted to discriminate against
people they do not like or understand.
If these personal and political dislikes become law and exceed the
bounds of constitutionality, the courts have been given the duty to be the
final protectors of our ideal of equality under the law.  This blatantly discriminatory sentencing
provision does not live up to American standards of equal justice.”
The ACLU and Limon could determine to pursue the case
further.  Limon still has many years to
serve on his sentence, so there appears to be little reason not to seek en banc
reconsideration, appeal to the Kansas Supreme Court, or another return to the
U.S. Supreme Court.  A.S.L.
Drug Sting by “Very Attractive” Agent in Gay Bar Violates
Due Process Rights
A trial judge, Broward County Circuit Judge Susan Lebow,
made a judicial finding that a drug agent was a “very attractive man,” and that
the defendant was a lonely gay man in a gay bar looking for attention, leading the
appeals court to uphold the trial court’s dismissal of the drug sale
prosecution on entrapment grounds. _State of Florida v. Blanco_, 2004 WL 86646
(Fla. App. 4th Dist., Jan. 21, 2004).
Quoting U.S. Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter, the court held in
a per curiam opinion that police conduct in this instance, in which the
defendant had no predisposition to provide drugs to the agent, fell “below
standards, to which common feelings respond, for the proper use of governmental
power.” _Sherman v. U.S._, 356 U.S. 369 (1958) (Frankfurter, J.,
concurring).  The court found that this
was a case of “objective entrapment” and that the state had per se violated
Blanco’s due process rights.
Julio Blanco described himself as a “lonely homosexual
man<!70> who was drinking alone at a gay bar and “looking for someone to
pay attention to him.” Along came a hunk named Mike, wearing jeans and a
t-shirt, in good shape, 6’2” tall, about 30 years old.  Mike sat down and started up a conversation,
eventually leading to the question whether Blanco likes “to party.”  Blanco wasn’t sure what Mike meant, but Mike
eventually clarified, and asked if Blanco could get him cocaine.  Blanco repeatedly refused, but Mike
insisted.  Eventually, Blanco went to
the men’s room to see if he could find some friends who could provide drugs.
Coke was not available, but methamphetamine, known locally as “Tina,” was.  Mike gave Blanco $60, and Blanco scored some
Tina and gave it to Mike.  Mike left,
but called Blanco over the next few days.
Two weeks later, Blanco, who had never been arrested before, was
arrested for drug dealing.
The agent’s testimony was somewhat different, in that the
agent alleged that Blanco initiated the drug transaction, but the court found
Blanco more credible than the drug agent. The trial court characterized the
encounter as “using the allure of the possibility of sex to induce one who is
under no suspicion of criminal plans or activity to commit a non-sex related
crime that has been instigated and suggested by police.”  After so characterizing the actions of the
drug agent, the court returned to Felix Frankfurter, who opined in _Sherman_,
supra: “Human nature is weak enough and sufficiently beset by temptations
without government adding to them and generating crime.”  Quoting from an earlier Florida case, the
appeals court stated that “it is beneath the dignity of the State of Florida to
allow sexually enticing agents to appear to be of questionable virtue in order
to lure subjects into committing the crime of transacting in illegal drugs.”
_Spencer v. State_, 263 So. 2d 282 (Fla. App. 1st Dist. 1972) (brackets
indicating substituted text omitted).
The court castigated the state for basing its contention that Blanco had
a predilection to sell drugs upon the fact that he answered affirmatively to
the question, “Do you like _ to party_?”
The state was trying to isolate two words, “to party,” from the
remainder of the encounter, and make its case out of that.
Although the state would be justified in using such methods in
investigating sex crimes (e.g., prostitution or child pornography), it held
that it was per se unlawful for the state “routinely resorting to the oldest
and perhaps most effective seduction of them all to create crimes unrelated to
the inducement.”
A dissenter on the three-judge panel, Judge May, believed
that this was a case for a jury to decide. This was not a case of “objective
entrapment,” which focuses on law enforcement’s behavior, but may have been
“subjective entrapment,” which focuses on the defendant’s perception of the
situation and his lack of predisposition. “Just because the trial court found
the officer attractive and that the defendant was attracted to him, does not
dictate the legal result. . . . By injecting the defendant’s subjectivity into
its consideration, the court abandoned its duty to objectively consider only
law enforcement’s conduct and relied upon the subjective response of the
defendant, which is not at issue in an objective entrapment defense.” Judge May
would have allowed the jury to decide whether this was subjective entrapment of
one not predisposed to committing a crime. _Alan J. Jacobs_
New York Court Approves Same-Sex Partner Name Change
Deciding a question of first impression in New York, Judge
Paul Feinman, sitting in the New York City Civil Court, New York County, issued
an order on November 25, 2003, approving an application by Gena Michele Daniels
to change her last name to Zaks, which is the surname of her domestic partner,
Zosia Zaks.  Judge Feinman’s subsequently-written
decision was published as _Application of Gena Michele Daniels_  in the _New York Law Journal_ on January 23,
at pages 18-19.
According to the opinion, the two women lived together as
domestic partners for a year and were planning to file a domestic partnership
statement with the city and to start a family together.   In her application, Gena Daniels stated
that she wanted to have the same last name as her partner “to reflect their
commitment to each other.”  She
submitted an affidavit to the court by her partner, requesting that the
application be granted.  Surprisingly,
no New York court had previously confronted this question, although there was a
significant related decision in November, 2003, _Application of Guido_, 2003
Westlaw 22471153 (Civ. Ct., N.Y. Co.) in which another judge granted a change
of name to a transgendered applicant to reflect her preferred gender
designation.
Actually, no judicial approval is required for somebody to
assume a new name, but judicial approval can be helpful, especially in getting
changes made on official documents such as passports and drivers licenses, and
on records maintained by private institutions, such as employers, banks and
credit card issuers.  In granting formal
approval to a name change, courts will be concerned with whether the individual
is trying to change their name to escape the taint of a criminal record, to
avoid the consequences of a bankruptcy, or to commit some kind of fraud or in
some way mislead the public.
The issue has been raised in some other states where
same-sex partner name changes were sought that bestowing the same last name on
an unmarried couple would somehow signify state approval for their relationship
or, more seriously, mislead people into thinking that the couple are legally
related.   Judge Feinman noted some
older New York cases in which name changes for children were denied when the
result might have been to mislead as to their parentage, or in which courts
refused to approve name changes that would appear to be sanctioning adulterous
relationships.  “The petition before
this court does not involve children,” Feinman commented. “Rather, it concerns
an adult who wishes to change her surname to that of her life partner, and that
individual has consented.  The court need
not, therefore, concern itself with factors other than those of fraud,
intentional misrepresentation or interference with the rights of others.”
Feinman made particular note of a recent New Jersey
appellate decision approving a name change in response to a petition from a
same-sex couple, _Application of Bacharach_, 344 N.J. Super. 126 (App. Div.,
2001).  Although the lower court had
denied the petition on the ground that approval would appear to sanction a
same-sex marriage, the appellate court reversed and ordered approval, finding
that as there was no fraudulent intent and no criminal purpose, the trial court
exceeded its discretionary authority by treating the case as an occasion for
applying “public policy.”  The New
Jersey appellate court did note the many ways in which New Jersey law had come
to recognize same-sex partners, especially in the sphere of family law, but
indicated that such considerations were essentially “irrelevant,” since the
court’s discretion in disapproving name changes is very limited.
Similarly, in _Guido_, the New York transgender case, the
court had initially refused to grant the name change until receiving proof that
the applicant had undergone surgical gender reassignment, but on
reconsideration decided to grant the petition, commenting that the change of
name did not constitute any kind of official judgment about the applicant’s
gender and that the trial court was not authorized to establish which names
belong with which gender, a result that this writer characterized as “pragmatic”
in an account of the decision published by _Gay City News_ on November 6 and
cited by Judge Feinman.   Feinman
described _Guido_ as showing that “the role of the court in a name change is a
limited one and not to superimpose its view of public policy.”
Shortly after issuing this order, Judge Feinman, an openly
gay man who is a past president of the Lesbian and Gay Law Association of
Greater New York, was designated to be an Acting Supreme Court Justice in New
York County. A.S.L.
California Appeals Court Affirms Life Sentence for Brutal
Murder of Gay Man
On January 14, 2004, the California Court of Appeal, 2nd  District, affirmed the conviction of Eddie
Boyd Connor for the torture and murder of Donald Randall.  _People v. Connor_, 2004 WL 60763.  Readers of this article be forewarned, the
murder scene was absolutely gruesome and the description in the court’s
decision was very disturbing.
On October 2, 2000, firemen and paramedics found Donald
Randall dead in his Ford Explorer in Los Angeles.  He was on the floorboards of the car hog-tied with seatbelts cut
from the car.  The car’s interior was on
fire.  Randall had been hog-tied and
shot outside the car execution style on his knees.  The gunshot wounds were what actually killed Randall; however, after
he was hog-tied but before he was shot, Randall was stabbed several times in
the back and neck.  After Randall was
shot his body was dumped in the car, covered with gasoline and set on fire.
Upon investigation, Police learned that Randall was an accountant.  A search of Randall’s office found a bag of
Connor’s personal papers, including his birth certificate and documents
indicating that Connor was a Texas parolee.
Detectives also found documents indicating that several weeks earlier
Randall had purchased a used Mazda for $1,143 in cash.  The Mazda was registered in Randall’s
name.  The manager of Randall’s
apartment building indicated that the Mazda had been parked at the building for
several weeks prior to the murder.  On
the morning of the murder, the apartment manager saw Randall saying goodbye to
a male guest who later turned out to be Connor.
According to Connor, he and Randall had become friends over
the last several months and Randall had promised to help Connor to open an auto
repair shop.  Connor claimed that the
Mazda was bought using his money but put in Randall’s name because Connor had
an outstanding warrant in Texas.  Connor
claimed that the relationship with Randall had been purely platonic.  However, on the evening of the murder,
Connor alleged that Randall, who was homosexual, made sexual advances towards
him.  According to Connor, Randall
claimed that Connor was not living up to his half of the bargain in that Connor
was not working to pay off the debt owed Randall and, as a result, Randall
started asking Connor for sexual favors.
In response,  Connor, in
“self-defense,” hog-tied, stabbed, shot, killed and then burned Randall.
On appeal, Connor argued that the evidence was insufficient
to support the verdict and his confession was coerced, in that he was not given
the opportunity to make a phone call after his arrest.  The court found the evidence at trial to be
more than sufficient to support the jury’s verdict.  With respect to the confession, the court stated that the refusal
to allow an arrested individual to make a phone call is a misdemeanor, but that
the misdemeanor is wholly unrelated to whether or not the confession was
coerced.  As a result, in a decision
written by Judge Todd Doi, the Court of Appeal affirmed the conviction and the
life sentence imposed on Connor. _Todd V. Lamb_
Federal Court Queries Significance of Trans Victory on
Discrimination Claim for Purposes of Fee Award
In October 2003, three transsexuals represented by LeGaL
member Tom Shanahan won a public accommodations discrimination trial against a
toy store in the U.S. District Court in Brooklyn, and the court awarded
substantial attorneys fees although the jury had awarded only nominal damages
to the plaintiffs.  Now the 2nd
Circuit Court of Appeals has certified a question to the New York Court of
Appeals concerning whether such a fee award would be justified as a matter of
New York Law. _McGrath v. Toys “R” Us, Inc._, 2004 WL 111966 (Jan. 23, 2004).
Three preoperative transsexuals encountered derogatory remarks
and hostile treatment on two occasions about a week apart when they attempted
to shop during the Christmas season at a Toys “R” Us store in Brooklyn, New
York.  At the time, New York City’s
Human Rights Ordinance had not yet been amended to state specifically that
discrimination on the basis of gender identity is unlawful in a place of public
accommodation, but there were some trial court decisions interpreting the
existing sex and sexual orientation discrimination ban to encompass
discrimination against transgendered individuals.  The transsexuals filed a diversity action in the U.S. District
Court in Brooklyn, claiming a violation of the city law.  Their case went to trial after settlement
negotiations failed, and a jury ruled in their favor, but awarded only nominal
damages, even though their complaint had asserted psychological and dignitary
harms and sought both compensatory and punitive damages.
After the verdict, plaintiffs petitioned for attorneys fees,
relying on federal and state laws authorizing fees for “prevailing parties” in
civil rights actions.  The district
judge, Charles Sifton, ruled that he would rely on federal fee award principles
in civil rights cases.  The defendant
argued that under federal case law, a plaintiff who won only nominal damages
was not entitled to a fee award as a prevailing party, citing _Farrar v.
Hobby_, 506 U.S. 103 (1992), where the court said that “when a plaintiff
recovers only nominal damages. . . the only reasonable fee is usually no fee at
all.”   But Judge Sifton accepted the
plaintiffs’ claim that the lawsuit served an important public purpose by being
the first public accommodations claim under the New York City Human Rights Law
involving transsexuals to go to a successful verdict, at a time when the application
of the law to this issue was still unsettled..
The attorney fee award was for $193,551.   In light of the amount, Toys “R” Us appealed.
Writing for the circuit court, Judge Raggi pointed out that
in a diversity case, the law of the jurisdiction, not federal law,
governs.  The New York City
Administrative Code authorizes fee awards in a “reasonable” amount to
prevailing parties.  While the _Farrar_
case held, as a matter of federal law, that the “reasonable” fee award where a
jury awards nominal damages may well be “nothing,” a question remained whether
New York courts would follow _Farrar_ in making their reasonableness
determination as a matter of state law.
While some lower New York courts have followed _Farrar_, Judge Raggi
noted that some others had weighed a variety of factors and awarded fees in
nominal damages cases, and a definitive pronouncement from the state’s Court of
Appeals is lacking.
Most particularly, the 2nd Circuit judges were
concerned with the argument, made by plaintiffs, that litigating their case
served the “public interest,” i.e., establishing the right of transsexuals to
patronize retail stores in New York City without being subjected to harassment,
and that this should be taken into account, even though only nominal damages
were awarded.  Raggi noted that the 2nd
Circuit itself had approved a fee award in a nominal damages case that had
served the public interest in “alerting landlords that they could be held
liable for discrimination if they employed real estate brokers who engaged in
racial steering” in _Cabrera v. Jakabovitz_, 24 F.3d 372 (2nd Cir.
1994).
There was sharp argument between the parties about whether
the _McGrath_ case could be considered in this genre, especially in light of
the several prior decisions holding that discrimination against transsexuals
could be considered covered by the city law – a question now mooted as a result
of recent amendments making the protection explicit (although, curiously, the
court’s decision does not mention the amendment). Plaintiffs argued that all
the prior decisions were employment decisions, as distinguished from their
public accommodations case. “We cannot say whether New York would view this
distinction as sufficiently ‘groundbreaking’ to serve a significant public purpose,”
Raggi commented, “because we do not know whether New York would (a) apply the
_Farrar_ presumption against a fee award to a plaintiff recovering only nominal
damages, or (b) recognize a ‘public purpose’ exception to that presumption.  Certainly, plaintiffs fail to cite - and our
research has not revealed - any New York cases that have relied on a ‘public
purpose’ theory to support a fee award to a party recovering nominal damages.”
Raggi noted that this concern was heightened by the Supreme
Court’s ruling in _Buckhannon Board and Care Home, Inc. v. West Virginia Dept.
Of Health & Human Resources_, 532 U.S. 598 (2001), which rejected the
notion that fees should be awarded on a catalyst theory – i.e., that the
litigation, although itself not yielding results for the plaintiff - had served
as a catalyst for satisfactory legal developments, and that this reasoning had
been followed to reject the catalyst theory by some New York courts.
Consequently, the court determined to certify four questions
to the New York Court of Appeals, asking first whether New York applies the
standards articulated in _Farrar_; if not, what standard would New York use; if
_Farrar_ applies, does New York recognize an exception for cases where a
lawsuit served a significant public purpose even though it won only nominal
damages for the plaintiffs; whether being the first to win a transgender rights
public accommodations case at trial was significant enough under the
circumstances to come within such a public purpose exception.  A.S.L.
Minnesota Appeals Court Affirms Civil Commitment of Murder
Who Feared Gay Rape
On January 13, of the Court of Appeals of Minnesota affirmed
the commitment of paranoid schizophrenic appellant Steven George Notch.  In a thorough, unpublished opinion, a three
judge panel found Notch’s double jeopardy argument against commitment
meritless.  Notch was committed as a
mentally ill and dangerous person subsequent to serving his second-degree
murder sentence for the 1986 killing of his roommate, based on his irrational
belief that the roommate was planning to rape Notch. _Civil Commitment of
Steven George Notch_, 2004 WL 61061 (Minn.App.).
Notch’s history of violence, threats, irrational behavior
and one suicide attempt stretches back to 1978. In 1985 Notch kicked a police
officer in the face four times because Notch believed the officer made sexual
advances and “had mental health problems.” This incident presaged a pattern.
Notch said that he shot his sleeping roommate twice in the head in 1986 because
the roommate had grabbed Notch’s backside, given him a “bad look,” and had
“mooned” another male, leading Notch to conclude that he was a rapist. Notch
also saw “signs” that the roommate was a child molester, based on the
roommate’s interaction with his (the roommate’s) five-year-old son. On the
night of the murder, Notch believed that his roommate’s “gay” friends (who were
not present) were guarding the exits of the house so the roommate and friends
could rape Notch. A jury rejected his insanity defense. Notch believes that
many of those around him are child molesters or rapists, against whom he
defends himself with violence. He referred to at least one prison guard as
such, and reported many “come ons” by people Notch believes are “sick” or have
“lost their minds.”
Notch argued, unsuccessfully, that the testimony of four
experts on the likelihood that he will cause serious harm in the future was
neither admissible nor reliable. The court also rejected his substantive due
process argument, due process being provided throughout the indefinite
commitment period by treatment and periodic review. _Mark Major_
Gay Man’s Designation as Sexually Violent Predator Reversed
In _Pennsylvania v. Bey_, 2004 WL 63924 (Pa. Super. Jan.
15), the Superior Court of Pennsylvania reversed a trial court decision that
had ruled that a gay man who had used his position in a convalescent home to
commit sexual acts with a comatose quadriplegic was shown to be a sexually
violent predator (SVP), warranting enhancement of his sentence. In doing so,
the court skirted the issue of the constitutionality of the Pennsylvania
“Megan’s Law.”
Thomas Bey, an employee at a convalescent center, was caught _in flagrante
delicto_ with a patient whose brain injury left him without cognitive
function.  Bey pled guilty to one count
of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse.
During his sentencing hearing, it was revealed that he had fantasies of
dominance in homosexual relationships, and had tested positive for HIV 6 weeks
before he was caught.  Because he had
volunteered to care for the victim, had arranged his schedule to act out his
fantasies, and because of the victim’s totally helpless and child-like state,
the trial court found that Bey was a sexually violent predator pursuant to the
Pennsylvania Megan’s Law, despite a determination by the Sexual Offenders
Assessment Board to the contrary.
A SVP is a person who, having been convicted of a sexually
violent predicate felony, has been assessed to have acted due to a mental
abnormality or personality disorder that makes the person likely to engage in
predatory sexually violent crime. The assessment involves an evaluation
relating to the nature of the crime, whether there were multiple victims, the
nature, mental state and age of the victim, as well the offender’s prior
criminal record, age a drug use and other matters contributing to the
offender’s conduct.
The Board evaluated Bey, and made a recommendation to the
court that Bey not be designated as an SVP.
The assessor specifically found that Bey did not have a condition which
was likely to lead to further acts of sexual predation. The state made no other
submissions to the court. The trial court, based on a credibility
determination, accepted some of the findings of the assessment report but
rejected the assessment’s recommendation as being unsupported by the facts in
the case. “Simply put, the Commonwealth proved that [Appellant] met the
definition of a sexually violent predator by clear and convincing evidence,”
wrote the trial judge.
Ultimately, the trial court decision was reversed because there was nothing on
the record aside from the assessor’s report upon which to base its
determination. There was nothing on the record which would support the trial
court’s determination. The determination that Bey was a sexually violent
predator was reversed. The sentence was otherwise affirmed. Because the appeal
was resolved on other grounds, the challenge to constitutionality of the
Pennsylvania Megan’s Law was not addressed.
_Steven Kolodny_
Federal Civil Litigation Notes
_District of Columbia_ - In _Jones v. Potter_, 2004 WL
123415 (D.D.C., Jan. 22, 2004), a same-sex harassment case against the U.S.
Postal Service, District Judge Walton found that summary judgment should be
granted to the defendant on the ground that plaintiff had failed sufficiently
to allege the elements of a hostile environment claim.  However, the judge did find that plaintiff
had raised a valid factual issue concerning the sexual orientation of his
harasser, which, had the harassment been sufficiently pervasive or severe,
would have blocked summary judgment.
Milford Jones, a self-avowed heterosexual, claimed that he had been
“sexually assaulted” when his male supervisor rubbed up against his rear in
such a way that he could feel the supervisor’s penis rubbing against his
buttocks.  The supervisor testified it
was just horseplay, as did some fellow employees, and not intended as
sexual.  In deposition testimony,
plaintiff elicited that the supervisor had past homosexual experience, although
he professed now to have a “girlfriend.” The court held that under the Supreme
Court’s same-sex harassment jurisprudence, a sexual assault by a homosexual or
bisexual supervisor could satisfy the intent requirement of Title VII, but in
this case the single incident was not sufficient to trigger statutory
protection.
_Minnesota_ -   In
_Townsend v. American Express Financial Corporation_, 2004 WL 45501 (D. Minn.
Jan. 5, 2004), U.S. District Judge Ericksen declined to assert jurisdiction
over a sexual orientation employment discrimination claim that was brought on
behalf of Peter Townsend, an African-American man, as a supplemental claim to
his race discrimination and retaliation claims under Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964.  Townsend also alleged
supplemental state torts claims.  After
finding that the company was entitled to summary judgment with respect to the
federal claims, Judge Ericksen prudentially declined to exercise further
jurisdiction over the case.  In
discussing the retaliation claim, Ericksen noted testimony that Townsend’s
supervisor, Nick Hermes, had responded to a complaint by Townsend by stating,
“I’m not kissing that fag’s ass.” So it may be that there is something to the
sexual orientation claim, but that is not actionable under federal law.
_New York - Southern District_ - A federal magistrate has
dismissed with prejudice a claim of unlawful retaliation in response to charges
of same-sex harassment, finding that under the circumstances the employer could
reasonably condition the plaintiff’s return to work on her achieving a
clearance from the employer’s Employee Assistance Program. _Pointdujour v.
Mount Sinai Hospital_, 2004 WL 110617 (Jan. 20, 2004).  The plaintiff, a registration clerk at the
hospital, apparently believed that a lesbian co-worker was coming on to
her.  After her unhappiness about this
had built up for some time, she finally asked her supervisor to convene a
departmental meeting at which she could raise her issue.  In this meeting, with all her co-workers present,
she launched a stream of invective about not wanting to be a “bull dinger”
which caused the meeting to break up in disorder and the alleged same-sex
harasser to run screaming from the room.
The next day, the plaintiff was suspended for unprofessional behavior,
and told she would have to go the Employee Assistance Program and be certified
as psychologically stable before they would let her resume her job.  She refused to go to EAP and was terminated.  Magistrate Eaton found the plaintiff had
alleged a prima facie case of retaliation, but determined, based on the
plaintiff’s own account of the facts, that the employer was fully justified in
suspending her and requiring her to go to the EAP.
State Civil Litigation Notes
_California_ - The California Court of Appeal, 3rd
District, found that the trial court should not have expressed views about the
procedure by which same-sex domestic partners might adopt a child, when it was
conducting a hearing on the adoptibility of a seven-year old child who was going
to be placed with such a couple. _In re Travis D._, 2004 WL 45170 (Jan. 9,
2004) (not officially published).
Travis D. was removed from parental custody in April 2001, and his
mother’s failure to avail herself of proffered social services led to their termination
in January 2002.   At that time, the
Human Services Agency determined that due to his age and the reluctance of his
caretaker to adopt him, Travis was not “adoptable.” Several months later,
however, a same-sex couple appeared who were interested in adopting him, and an
assessment by the HSA found that they would be suitable, pending the filing of
their domestic partnership declaration and their receipt of a license as foster
parents for the initial placement.
Travis was placed with them, was doing well, and seemed to be
happy.  The next step was a hearing to
redetermine his adoptability.  At that
hearing, issues were raised by the attorney appointed to represent Travis about
what procedures would be used for an adoption by a same-sex couple, a matter
that was complicated by the fact that a case was pending before the state
supreme court raising the issue of same-sex co-parent adoption.  The trial judge speculated that serial
adoption might be necessary, with only one of the parents adopting initially
and then the other adopting as a co-parent.
Disagreement ensued on this point and the matter was appealed, but the
court of appeal found that the question wasn’t ripe, because the purpose of the
hearing was solely to determine Travis’s adoptability; the question of how the
potential adoptive parents would proceed was not properly before the
court.  (The California Supreme Court
had subsequently ruled in favor of co-parent adoption rights, in _Sharon S. v.
Superior Ct._, 31 Cal.4th 417, rehg. den. Oct. 22, 2003.)
_Georgia - Atlanta_ - The Atlanta Human Relations Commission
has found that Druid Hills Golf Club violated a city ordinance banning
discrimination by refusing to recognize same-sex partners.  After two hours of testimony on a complaint
by gay couples that they were being denied membership benefits on the same
basis as heterosexual married couples, Commission Member Fernando A. Gonzalez
stated, according to the _Atlanta Journal_ (Jan. 13), “It’s clear that Druid
Hills Golf Club does not deny that they treat married couples and couples that
have a domestic relationship differently, and the ordinance clearly state that
they should not be treated differently.” The complainents, Lee Kyser and Randy
L. New, who are members of the club, complained that their partners were not
extended the same courtesies and benefits as the legal spouses of straight
members.  The Commission is not
empowered to actually adjudicate cases and impose remedies, but it will forward
its findings to the mayor, who was 30 days to take action.  In this case, if the club is recalcitrant,
the mayor could possibly order that its business and liquor licenses be
rescinded.
_New York_ - Queer Awareness Saga, Chapter 2.  In December we reported on the travails of
Christopher Barton Benecke, a New York paralegal who encountered opposition
from the N.Y. Department of State to his proposal to incorporate an advocacy
group called “Queer Awareness.” The bureaucrats in the department felt this
would be offensive, and exercised their discretion under Section 301 of the
Not-For-Profit Corporation Law to reject the proposed name.  After Benecke’s attorney threatened to sue
on First Amendment grounds and the troops were rallied to provide evidence that
“queer” would not be considered pejorative in this context, the state backed
down and agreed to approve the incorporation.
But the principled Mr. Benecke and his boss and legal representative,
Keith Halperin, are determined to vindicate their First Amendment view, so the
Article 78 proceeding (the N.Y. form for seeking review of administrative
decisions) has been filed and Mr. Halperin will argue in a hearing scheduled
early in February that the statute appears to give the Department of State
unconstitutional discretion to make content-based judgments on the suitability
of proposed corporate names. _New York Law Journal_, Jan. 26.
Langan Appeal.  The
Association of the Bar of the City of New York has filed an amicus brief in
support of John Langan’s standing to bring a wrongful death action against the
hospital alleged to have committed malpractice in the death of his domestic
partner, Neil Spicehandler.  Lambda
Legal Defense is litigating on behalf of Langan, defending his victory on the
standing question in an appeal by the hospital to the Appellate Division, 2nd
Department.  Last year, in _Langan v.
St. Vincent’s Hospital_, 765 N.Y.S.2d 411 (Sup. Ct., Nassau Co., April 10,
2003), Justice John P. Dunne found that New York would extend comity to the
couple’s Vermont Civil Union status and treat Langan as a surviving spouse of
Spicehandler for purposes of the Wrongful Death Act.  The city bar argues that New York comity principles do apply to
this situation, and on the public policy front details the ways in which New
York has extended recognition to same-sex partners, including crime
compensation cases. _New York Law Journal_, Jan. 26.
_Pennsylvania - Pittsburgh_ - Ruling in a suit brought by
the University of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County Common Pleas Judge Robert C.
Gallo issued an order barring the city’s Human Relations Commission from
holding a hearing or otherwise proceeding on a complaint by Pitt faculty
members against the University for failure to establish a domestic partnership
benefits program covering same-sex partners of university faculty and
staff.  Gallo claimed that the
Commission lacks jurisdiction to hear a case against the University, a
state-funded institution.  Gallo also
wrote that the university “has no legal obligation. . . to offer medical
insurance benefit under its health insurance program to the domestic partners
of its employees.” _Pittsburgh Post-Gazette_, Jan. 13.  The Associated Press reported on Jan. 23
that the American Civil Liberties Union, which is representing the plaintiffs,
will file an appeal in the case.
Criminal Litigation Notes
_Kentucky_ - The Kentucky Supreme Court reversed the murder
conviction of Chester Slim Sexton, who claimed he was defending himself from a
sexual assault when he killed or contributed to the death of David Pepper.
_Sexton v. Commonwealth_, 2004 WL 102481 (Jan. 22, 2004).  The court found that Sexton was entitled to
a new trial with an expanded jury charge, and that he should be allowed to
introduce evidence that was excluded by the trial judge.  Sexton had been sentenced to 50 years upon conviction
of murder, first-degree robbery, and tampering with physical evidence.  According to Sexton’s testimony, he and
Pepper went camping so they could get drunk together.  After they had gotten very drunk, Sexton feld Pepper groping him,
and hit him in response.  Pepper pulled
a gun, said “I know you’re a faggot,” and then said, according to the court’s
opinion, that “he was going to sodomize him ‘like they did when I was in
prison.’” Sexton claims that Pepper wrestled him to the ground and held a gun
to his head, but that he let Sexton up when Sexton offered to perform oral sex
on him; Sexton rushed to the jeep, started it, and ran over Pepper.  Then he went back to where Pepper was moving
on the ground and wrestled with him, Pepper’s gun going off during the fight
and wounding Pepper in the chest.
Sexton left the scene, later to go back and be apprehended by police
officers in the act of burning the body.
The jury evidently discredited much of Sexton’s story, and he claimed on
appeal that the jury had not been properly instructed on self-defense and other
aspects of the case, and that the trial judge erred in excluding his testimony
about Pepper’s statements concerning being sodomized in prison.  The Kentucky Supreme Court agreed with some
of Sexton’s criticisms of the trial and reversed and remanded the case for a
new trial.
_Pennsylvania_ - What goes around comes around. . .  A Chester County, Pennsylvania, jury
convicted Rev. Craig Stephen White, an insistently anti-gay fundamentalist
street preacher, of soliciting a 14-year-old boy to have oral sex with
him.  County Judge Anthony A. Sarcione,
who presided over the trial, revoked White’s bail and remanded him to Chester
County Prison, pending sentencing.
Under sentencing guidelines, White could face up to three years in
stir.  His attorney said the he was
“disappointed but not surprised” by the conviction. _Philadelphia Inquirer_,
Jan. 15.
Legislative Notes
_Federal_ - Cheney Reneges. . .  During the 2000 Vice President debate, Dick Cheney, who has an
openly lesbian daughter who is in a same-sex relationship, responded to the
question about same-sex marriage by stating that this was a matter for the
states to decide and that people should generally be left to make whatever
relationships they want, consistent with state law.  Responding to questions from reporters in the wake of current
controversy over same-sex marriage, Cheney said he still thought this was
primarily a state matter, but that if the president sought a constitutional
amendment banning same-sex marriage, he would support it. _Los Angeles Times_,
Jan. 11.
_Arizona_ - The Family Services Committee of the Arizona
Senate voted 4-3 on Jan. 28 to send a resolution to the U.S. Congress calling
for approval and referral to the states of a constitutional amendment banning
same-sex marriage in the United States and prohibiting the federal government
or states from extending any benefits to unmarried couples.  The measure was approved on a strict party-line
vote, Republicans for, Democrats against, after it was amended to make clear
that it was not intended to deprive unmarried couples of hospital visitation
rights. _Arizona Republic_, Jan. 29.
_California_ - Undeterred by the success of Proposition 22,
a ballot measure that overwhelmingly passed several years ago banning same-sex
marriage in California, Assemblyman Mark Leno, who represents a San Francisco
district, has announced that he will introduce a bill on February 12 to allow
same-sex partners to marry.  Leno’s bill
would allow same-sex couples to obtain marriage licenses, but would not compel
religious authorities who are authorized by the state to perform marriages to
honor those licenses.  Thus, only those
religious authorities who support same-sex marriage would perform the ceremonies,
and of course civil marriage ceremonies would be available.  Meanwhile, A.B. 205, which will expand the
state’s domestic partnership program to encompass almost all the rights that
married couples enjoy under California law, is scheduled to take effect in
January 2005, and it appears that opponents may not be able to get a ballot
question before the voters before that date. _Contra Costa Times_, Jan. 19.
_New Jersey_ - On Jan. 12, Governor James E. McGreevey
signed a bill that had passed the state Senate a few days earlier, recognizing
same-sex partnerships and extending a small menu of rights to those same-sex
partners who register with the state.
Perhaps the most significant right from an economic viewpoint was the
extension of domestic partnership benefits, including health insurance, to
same-sex partners of state employees, and an order that insurance companies
that sell employee benefit policies in New Jersey make available same-sex
partner coverage for purchase by employers in the state.  The law also would treat registered partners
the same as spouses for purposes of the inheritance tax, and would provide
rights to hospital visitation and decision-making authority in medical
emergencies.  However, the legislature
shied away from other major reforms.
McGreevey hailed the legislation as “a matter of fundamental decency,”
but remains publicly opposed to same-sex marriage. _Philadelphia Daily News_,
Jan. 13.  In the December issue of _Law
Notes_, we reported speculation that the legislature’s quick action on this
measure was sparked by the fear that the N.J. Supreme Court will rule in favor
of same-sex marriage in response to the appeal of a summary judgment order
granted against a same-sex marriage lawsuit in November.  We are informed by a New Jersey attorney of
long acquaintance that the summary judgment ruling and subsequent appeal was
not a key factor in the passage of the law.
Rather, he asserted, the lame duck session was primed to act on this
before the Mass. S.J.C. ruling or the November summary judgment ruling, as a
result of careful planning, lobbying, the meetings around the state organized
by Lambda Legal in support of the marriage case which turned up many individual
stories of blatant unfairness as a result of the failure to recognize same-sex
partners, and some leadership from the executive branch (including the
governor’s openly-gay chief of staff).
However it happened, it is noteworthy that New Jersey, like California
but unlike Hawaii and Vermont, enacted its domestic partnership law freely, not
under the compulsion of responding to a court ruling, and it is hoped that, as
in California, the initial enactment will be just the first of a succession of
measures that will incrementally expand the statutory law to accord a broad
array of rights to same-sex partners, approaching the full panoply of marital
rights under state law.
_Ohio_ - Both houses of the legislature have approved a
broad-ranging anti-same-sex marriage bill that Gov. Taft had indicated he would
be willing to sign, pending a legal review by his staff against constitutional
requirements.  In addition to declaring
that same-sex marriages are “against the strong public policy of the state,”
the measure apparently would prevent state employees from getting benefits for
their domestic partners.  The measure
would not, apparently, affect domestic partnership benefits at the county or
municipal level. _Associated Press_, Jan. 21.
Gov. Taft apparently requested that the House put off a final vote on
the version passed by the Senate, so the issue could be delayed until after his
state-of-the-state address, according to a Jan. 28 report in the _Cleveland
Plain Dealer_.  A spokesperson for the
governor told the newspaper that one of the reasons he supports the measure is
that it only bans domestic partnership benefits for state employees, and allows
local governments and private employers to do whatever they want on this issue.
_Utah_ - The Utah Senate’s Judiciary Committee approved a
new DOMA-type proposal on Jan. 27, a bill that would not only bar recognition
of same-sex marriages, but would also bar the state from recognizing any
unmarried couples, either gay or straight, as entitled to any state recognition
or benefits for their relationship.  The
bill passed on a 5-2 vote, but the _Deseret Morning News_ (Jan. 28) reported
that “even supporters agree more tweaking might be necessary once it reaches
the Senate floor.”
_Virginia_ - The Virginia State Crime Commission, facing
calls to repeal or revise the state’s felony sodomy law in light of the U.S.
Supreme Court’s decision last June in
_Lawrence v. Texas_,
123 S.Ct. 2472 (2003), voted on Jan. 13 to endorse a proposal that would exempt
private homosexual conduct from the law’s prohibition, but would maintain
public sodomy as a serious felony offense.
(Other forms of public sex are merely misdemeanors.)  One wonders which part of the phrase “equal
protection of the laws” the Virginia lawmakers are having problems
understanding. _Washington Post_, Jan. 14. * * * The Virginia House of Delegates
voted overwhelmingly in favor of a resolution calling on Congress to approve a
federal constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriages.
Law & Society Notes
_Federal_ - Walking a fine road between playing to his
right-wing supporters and avoiding alienating Republican and Independent
moderates, President George W. Bush included a carefully worded comment on “the
marriage issue” in his State of the Union address delivered on January 13 to a
joint session of Congress.  Criticizing
“activist judges,” Bush stated: “If judges insist on forcing their arbitrary
will upon the people, the only alternative left to the people would be the
constitutional process.  Our nation must
defend the sanctity of marriage.” As in past public statements, Bush carefully
placed his statement in a conditional tense, not directly calling for the
passage of a constitutional amendment that would ban same-sex marriage, but
signaling that he might endorse such a proposal in the future depending how
things go in the courts.  He also did
not use the words “same-sex marriage,” “gay,” “lesbian,” or “homosexual,” in
talking about this issue. The comment was entirely in code, so that only those
tuned in to the issue would understand the subtext.  The statement could be interpreted in different ways, depending
on how closely one wants to read it.  It
suggests, for example, that Bush does not think that the Vermont Supreme
Court’s decision in _Baker v. State_, 744 A.2d 864 (Vt. 1999), and the Vermont
Civil Union Act that it precipitated, are sufficient to trigger his support for
such an anti-marriage constitutional amendment, but it might well be
interpreted as a signal to the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court to trim its
sails a bit from the decision announced in _Goodridge v. Department of Public
Health_, 798 N.E.2d 941 (Mass. Sup.Jud. Ct. 2003), when it responds to the
state Senate’s request for guidance on whether a proposed civil union law would
satisfy constitutional equal protection requirements in that state.  One thing that Bush’s statement may have
done is to take some wind out of the sails of current proponents of an
amendment.  According to a Hearst News
Service story published in the _Houston Chronicle_ on Jan. 25, some key
Congressional leaders believe that the Bush statement would lead Congress to
give low priority to this issue at the start of the new Congressional
session.  The amendment, which has
sponsors in both houses, reads: “Marriage in the United States shall consist
only of the union of a man and a woman.
Neither this Constitution nor the constitution of any state, nor state
nor federal law, shall be construed to require that marital status or the legal
incidents thereof be conferred upon unmarried couples or groups.”
_Episcopal Church U.S.A._ - Presiding Bishop Frank Griswold
issued a state of the church message advocating “tolerating diverse views among
Episcopalians on questions relating to homosexuality,” according to an
Associated Press report on Jan. 30.  The
message was released on Jan. 22, two days after delegates from twelve of the
church’s 107 dioceses formed a so-called Network of Anglican Communion Dioceses
and Parishes dedicated to disavowing the church’s decision last summer to
approve the consecration of an openly-gay man, V. Gene Robinson, as bishop of
the New Hampshire diocese.  Robinson had
been designated by parishoners in New Hampshire, but could not officially take
the position without an affirmative vote from the governing body of the
national church, which he obtained after a contentious debate.  Griswold insisted in his message that
Episcopalians are capable of living with “divergent points of view regarding
the interpretation of Scripture” and that such variations can be seen as
“something potentially positive and creative rather than a threat.”
_San Francisco, California_ - Adding to the high-level
openly gay appointees already announced, Mayor Gavin Newsom appointed
openly-lesbian, African American and Native American, Heather Hiles, an
education policy expert who played a role in Newsom’s election campaign, to a
vacant seat on the city’s board of education.
Hiles has degrees from UC Berkeley and the Yale School of Business, and
is a board member at the National Center for Lesbian Rights. _San Francisco
Chronicle_, Jan. 12.
_Kansas_ - The _Kansas City Star_ (Jan. 28) reported that
students at William Jewell College had voted 279-266 to reject a proposal to
amend the student bill of rights at the college to add “sexual orientation” to
the prohibited grounds for discrimination.
The student bill of rights is not legally binding and exists apart from
any non-discrimination policy adopted by college trustees, but is voluntarily
binding on student organizations at the school.  The vote was the culmination of a process dating back to 1997
when campus forums began to be held on the issue of anti-gay
discrimination.  The historically
Baptist college is noted for social conservatism, but some predicted that the
issue would be back for a vote again next year.
_Ohio_ - While not exactly a law story, we couldn’t resist
reporting on this, in light of the way some major media outlets have ignored
the story.  Kazuhito Tadano, a talented
baseball player from Japan, has been signed to a minor league contract by the Cleveland
Indians of the American League.  News
came out that Tadano had appeared in a gay porn video while a student in Japan,
provoking a local tempest in the press in Cleveland.  Indeed, it seems that this action had gotten him barred from
professional baseball in Japan - not because the video was gay, but because the
Japanese sports leagues frown on the participation in pornography, whether gay
or straight.  On Jan. 27, a tearful
Tadano, age 23, met with reporters in the Cleveland Indians locker room, begged
forgiveness, said he did the video because he was a poor college student who
needed money, and said: “I’m not gay and I’d like to clear that fact up right
now.” This brought forth a small spate of think-pieces from sports columnists,
asking when conditions will be right for a major league baseball player to
“come out” and remain in the game.  The
pieces note that only a handful of professional athletes from team sports such
as baseball or football have actually “come out,” and in every case it was after
their playing days had ended, reflecting the general view that an openly-gay
player could not survive today in the major professional team sports.  (Apparently this is not so much of a problem
in sports that feature individual competition, such as tennis, skating, track
& field, and swimming.) _Cleveland Plain Dealer_, Jan. 28; _National Post_,
Jan. 29; _Philadelphia Daily News_, Jan. 29
_Texas_ - A conference of dissident American Episcopalians
meeting in Plano, Texas, on January 19, seems bent on establishing previously
unauthorized structures within the Episcopal Church in the U.S.A. in order to
maintain their dissent from last year’s action by the church’s governing body,
which had approved the installation of V. Gene Robinson, an openly-gay
non-celibate man, as the Bishop for New Hampshire’s Episcopalian church
region.  The main departure from church
practice that they advocate is allowing Bishops to conduct activities outside
their authorized geographical boundaries in order to satisfy the needs of church
members in other areas who dissent from the main church’s decision. _Atlanta
Journal_, Jan. 19.
The Fight for Equal Treatment in Canada: Pension Benefits
Long-time gay rights activist George Hislop is part of a
group of breaved partners denied pension benefits under Canada’s nominatively
universal plan (Canada Pension Plan, or CPP). The CPP is a universal social
insurance plan that has provided benefits since 1966.  In 2000, it was amended to entitle same sex-surviving partners to
the benefits all other Canadians had enjoyed, provided that their deceased
partners had died after January 1, 1998.
In _Hislop v. Canada_, 2003 CarswellOnt 5183, Hislop is the lead
plaintiff in a class of persons whose partners died between April 17, 1985 and
January 1, 1998.  All such persons were
denied CPP benefits on the basis that their partners were not of the opposite
sex.
Although there has been no explanation for the Government’s
choice of a 1998 cut-off date, the 1985 date is obvious in its significance:
that’s the date Canada adopted its _Charter of Rights and Freedoms._   The Charter provides for equal protection
of the laws, and is similar in many ways to our _Bill of Rights._   The Ontario Superior Court of Justice agreed
with the plaintiffs, and handed down a ruling granting the plaintiffs the same
benefits as other Canadians. The federal government has appealed the ruling to
the Ontario Court of Appeal.
According to a recent article in the _Winnipeg Free Press_
(Jan. 20), the Canadian Justice Department has characterized its position as
“clearly beyond gay rights.” Canada’s Justice Department claims instead that it
is questioning the authority of its courts to amend Parliamentary law.   _Joe Griffin_
International Notes
_United Nations_ - Secretary-General Kofi Anan announced on
Jan. 29 in a bulletin to the United Nations’ 14,000 employees worldwide that
the organization will begin providing domestic-partnership benefits for
same-sex partners of employees, but only if their home country recognizes
same-sex marriages or domestic partnerships.
Acknowledging that such a trend of recognizing same-sex partners “has
been occurring in several member states,” a spokesperson for the organization
said, “We simply wanted to be in line with that.” The decision will take effect
February 1, 2004.  The policy is based
on national law, so Americans would not be eligible at present, even if, for
example, they had a civil union from Vermont or a registered partnership in New
York City.  The spokesperson, Marie
Okabe, said that the organization has not maintained a list of qualifying
countries, but she believed they would at least include the Netherlands,
Sweden, Norway, Finland, Denmark, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and
France.  She might want to consider
adding at least Germany and Belgium. _Associated Press_, Jan. 30.
_Belgium_ - Belgium has tweaked its law governing same-sex
marriage to allow a wider range of individuals to have access to the law.  As originally passed, the law only permitted
weddings between Belgian nationals or between couples whose home countries
recognize same-sex marriages.  As a
practical matter, this meant that the only non-Belgian same-sex couples who
could marry in Belgium would be couples from the Netherlands.  As of February 6, reports the Jan. 26 issue
of _Expatica_, non-Belgian couples will be able to marry in Belgium provided at
least one of the partners lives in or visits the country regularly.
_Canada_ - Amidst charges that Paul Martin, the new Liberal
Party prime minister, is playing politics with the same-sex marriage issue, the
government has moved to broaden the reference to the Supreme Court that had
previously been submitted by the government of Jean Chretien on the question
whether a bill on same-sex marriage proposed by the Chretien government would
satisfy the requirements of the Canadian constitution in light of rulings by
the highest appellate courts of Ontario and British Columbia last year opening
up marriage to same-sex partners.  Now
Martin specifically wants to ask the court whether a national civil union law
would be sufficient.  The addition of
new questions would put off a hearing on the issue until after elections now
scheduled for this spring, and might well delay a decision by the court until
sometime in 2005, thus putting off for a year or more an actual vote in the
Parliament on a proposed bill.  Martin,
defending the action by Justice Minister Irwin Cotler to widen the issues
before the court, insisted: “This is not an attempt to delay.  It’s a very important element of information
for the debate in Parliament and the debate in Canadian society.  A lot of Canadians are very concerned about
this and they want this basic question asked.” After much internal party
deliberation, the Chretien government had decided last year to respond to the
lower court rulings by drafting a bill to open up marriage to same-sex
partners, and to ask the Supreme Court whether the proposed legislation would
adequately respect all interests protected by the Charter of Rights, but not to
ask the court whether traditional heterosexual marriage violated the Charter by
excluding same-sex partners.  Martin’s
move is widely seen as having undone this basic decision taken by his
predecessor. Meanwhile, as noted below, same-sex partners continue to marry in
British Columbia and Ontario and, pursuant to the orders of those courts, will
continue to be able to do so while the matter is pending before the Supreme
Court.  _National Post_, Jan. 29.
_Canada_ - The British Columbia Bureau of Vital Statistics
reported that exactly 700 same-sex couples (1400 individuals)  had married in British Columbia during 2003,
after the province’s highest court ruled that same-sex couples were entitled as
a matter of Canadian constitutional law to get marriage licenses.  The bureau broke down the figures as follows:
553 of the individuals involved in these weddings came from British Columbia,
and 613 (including the British Columbians) were from Canada.  Another 766 came from the United States, and
the remaining 21 came from the following countries: Australia, U.K., France,
Hong Kong, Ireland, New Zealand, and Switzerland. The most prominent couple to
wed were B.C. Minister of State for the Community Charter Ted Nebbeling and his
longtime partner, as to which see below. _Vancouver Sun_, Jan. 28.
_Canada_ - Ted Nebbeling, a prominent politician and cabinet
minister in British Columbia was dismissed from the cabinet the same day he
told Premier Gordon Campbell that he had participated in a marriage ceremony
with his same-sex partner.  Same-sex
marriage is legal in British Columbia pursuant to a decision by the province’s
highest court that was not appealed by the government.  Campbell told reporters that Nebbeling lost
his post due to a general shake-up of the cabinet which had nothing to do with
his individual news. “I actually had my discussion with Ted prior to him
telling me that he had married Jan,” Campbell said to reporters. “I wished him
the best.” According to the _Globe and Mail_, Canada’s leading daily newspaper
(Jan. 27), Nebbeling and his partner, Jan Holmberg, had a quite civil ceremony
in November, having lived together as a couple for 32 years.  Nebbeling had planned not to make a public
announcement until the legislature resumed sitting in February, and was not planning
to stand for re-election.  He seemed
actually somewhat relieved by developments, stating that now he will be more
free to take time off to travel with his partner and be outspoken on issues as
a backbencher in a way that he could not as a member of the government.
_China_ - Seeking to disprove the conventional wisdom in
China that there are very few gay people in the country, social science
students at Chongqing Normal University conducted a survey of the student body,
from which they determined that ten percent of a survey sample of 900 students
from several Chinese universities stated that they had been involved in some
kind of same-sex relationship.  The
surveyors found that men were twice as likely as women to have been involved in
a same-sex relationship. _Irish Times_, Jan. 12.
_Great Britain_ - The High Court in London upheld the
conviction of the late Rev. Harry Hammond, an evangelical Christian street
preacher, who had been prosecuted for displaying a sign on the street that was
considered “insulting” to gay people.
Finding that Hammond’s behavior went beyond “legitimate protest,” Lord
Justice May, sitting with Mr. Justice Harrison, agreed that the local
magistrates in Wimborne, Dorset, had adequate grounds to convict Hammond under
the 1986 Public Order Act.  His estate
had appealed the conviction after his death in an attempt to clear his name.
_Daily Telegraph_, Jan. 14.
_Great Britain_ - The pending Gender Recognition Bill has
been amended by the government to allow sports officials to decide on a case by
case basis whether individual transsexuals would be allowed to compete as
members of their desired sex.  The bill
as originally proposed would have required all government and private entities
to honor the reality of a sex change, treating people as belonging to the sex
of their changed birth certificates.
The constitutional affairs minister, Lord Filkin, stated: “This
amendment is designed to ensure sporting bodies can uphold safe and fair
competition.  In the same way as a
sporting body is perfectly entitled to exclude a person taking
performance-enhancing drugs, for reasons of comparative parity, they would be
entitled to exclude a male-to-female transsexual person if competitive parity
or the safety of other competitors was at stake.  Sporting bodies already deal with the issues raised by the
participation of transsexual sportspeople, and this bill will not affect the
flexibility that sporting bodies have.” A Jan. 23 report in _The Herald_ noted
that the women’s 100 meter gold medalist in the 1932 Olympics, Stanislawa Walasiewicz,
was discovered in 1980 at an autopsy to have “both male and female sex organs,”
and asserted, without citing any more specific examples, that “there are
numerous examples of women’s titles and records having been won and set by
people with male genitalia.”
_Ireland_ - Judge Cormac Dunne of the Dublin Children’s
Court convicted a 16-year-old girl of several charges arising from an incident
where the defendant, in league with other teens, participated in harassing and
assaulting a lesbian couple living in their neighborhood.  Judge Dunne sentenced the defendant to a 500
euros fine, noting the spontaneity of her actions, and said that if the fine
was paid within four months, he would consider applying the Probation Act,
which would leave the girl without a record of a criminal conviction.  One of the lesbian victims suffered a deep
cut on her head that required three stitches as a result of the attack. _Irish
Times_, Jan. 30.
_Lithuania_ - On Nov. 18, Lithuania’s parliament approved a
Law On Equal Opportunities which will, among other things, forbid sexual
orientation discrimination in workplaces, schools, housing and places of public
accommodation, but the effective date of the legislation does not occur until
Jan. 1, 2005.  This means that Lithuania
will be in breach of European Union rules when it joins the Union on May 1,
2004.
_Malta_ - The European Branch of the International Lesbian
& Gay Association reports that the government of Malta has established a
policy banning sexual orientation discrimination in the workplace, which took
effect on October 7.  The action was
taken to bring Malta into line with the standards expected for prospective
members of the European Union.
_Scotland_ - Testifying before a Parliamentary committee
considering the proposed Gender Recognition Bill, Scottish Deputy Justice
Minister Hugh Henry stated that if one member of a married couple had a
sex-change, then they would have to be divorced from their spouse, since the
result under the bill would be to have a same-sex marriage, which is forbidden
by law in the U.K.  Henry testified that
the government knows of at least 300 transsexuals in Scotland, and the Scottish
Executive was concerned about protecting their rights. _Scottish Daily Record_,
Jan. 29.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
D.C. Appeals Court Prescribes Standards for Confidentiality
Within Medical Practice
Affirming a decision by trial judge Joan Zeldon, the
District of Columbia Court of Appeals ruled in _Suesbury v. Caceres_, 2004 WL
97625 (Jan. 22, 2004), that a doctor did not violate an HIV+ patient’s
confidentiality rights by discussing his infectious condition with another
doctor in the same medical practice who had also rendered services to the
plaintiff and was accused by the plaintiff of molesting him.
Cesar Caceres was Ernest C. Suesbury’s treating physician,
and was privy to information about his HIV+ status, which was noted in
Suesbury’s medical records.  Suesbury
sustained injuries in an auto accident and came to Caceres’ office for
treament.  Caceres was not available,
but one of his associates, Dr. Alfred Muller, rendered treatment, during the
course of which Suesbury mentioned that he was HIV+ and had a T-cell count of
700.  At a later time, Suesbury contacted
Caceres and claimed that Muller had molested him during the office visit.  Caceres investigated this charge by sending
a memorandum to Muller in which he discussed the allegation and also mentioned
that Suesbury was HIV+ and had a T-cell count of 600, information gleaned from
a recently received lab report.  When
Suesbury later discovered the existence of this memorandum, he sued Caceres and
his medical office claiming breach of confidentiality of his medical records,
intentional infliction of emotional distress, invasion of privacy, and negligent
hiring and supervision.  The trial court
granted summary judgment to the defendants.
The main focus of the decision by Judge Steadman was on
whether the exchange of confidential medical information about a patient within
a group medical practice could be the basis for a claim of breach of
patient-physician confidentiality.
Steadman concluded that it could not, analogizing to the sharing of
confidential client information within a law practice, and observing that the
same standards should logically apply.
It is understandable that doctors, like lawyers, will consult with each
other about a particular patient or client’s situation, in order to gain the
advantages of having more head than one focused on a particular problem, and
with the understanding that information exchanged within the practice between
professionals is confidential as against the outside world.  Looking at cases from various other
jurisdictions which had so held, Steadman commented, “These decisions simply
reflect the reality of medical practice, where many individuals may work in
concert.” Steadman referred to the D.C. Rules of Conduct for attorneys as a
source of ethical guidance.
“It is true that, in the case before us, the communication
was not made in connection with the immediate on-going treatment of a common
patient.  Nonetheless, the communication
was related to and arose as a consequence of such medical treatment and was
made in the course of the business of administering the mutual medical
practice,” Steadman wrote. “Doctors within the same medical office should be
allowed to work together with some latitude of freedom of communication not
only to treat patients, but also to respond to patient administrative requests
and, as here, patient complaints.” A.S.L.
Seattle Police Officer Loses AIDS Phobia Suit
In an unpublished decision, _Cowdery v. City of Seattle_,
2004 WL 49851 (Jan. 12), the Court of Appeals of Washington State, Division 1,
upheld a jury verdict against a Seattle police officer who sued over emotional
distress after aiding victims of a bus accident, one of whom tested positive
for HIV.  The plaintiff, Daniel Cowdery,
has not tested positive.
Cowdery aided victims of a bus accident in 1998 and later claimed negligence,
citing emotional distress due to the city’s failure to equip and train officers
properly and its failure to treat him supportively after the accident. Several
days after the accident he was told that a victim was HIV+.  Cowdery had sustained cuts on his hands and
leg. By the time he was tested for HIV, the window of opportunity for treatment
to prevent HIV had passed.  Neither
Cowdery nor any of the other officers who aided victims contracted HIV.
Cowdery alleged the city was negligent in failing to take steps to “minimize
employee exposure to bloodborne pathogens” by providing “appropriate protection
equipment” and “appropriate training.”
Cowdery also cited the delay in notifying him that one of the
passenngers was HIV+.  The city moved
for dismissal, which the trial court denied except for the allegation that the
city breached a duty by failing to provide him with a critical incident stress
debriefing.  The trial court found that
“this is not a best practices case .... you can’t base legal negligence on a failure
to do what is optimum,” Chief Judge Becker wrote for the Appeals Court.
Cowdery also claimed that the verdict form was improper because it did not
begin with a single question: “Was the defendant negligent? Answer 'yes' or
'no'.”  The form contained four
questions regarding negligence. The Appeals Court rejected this contention,
finding that it could not “conclude that the form actually used clouded the
issues or precluded Cowdery from arguing his legitimate theory of the
case.”  _Daniel R Schaffer_
N.Y. Court Rules Needlestick Victim Can Claim More Than Six
Months’ Damages for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
A Manhattan trial judge ruled that a nurse who worked for a
New York City hospital can sue the hospital for negligence as a result of an
incident where she sustained a needle-stick injury while caring for an
HIV-infected prisoner from Riker’s Island.
In an opinion in _Ornstein v. New York City Health and Hospital Corp._
published in the New York Law Journal on January 22, Justice Sheila Abudus-Salaam
(N.Y. Supreme Ct., N.Y. County) rejected the city’s argument that it would be
unreasonable for nurse Helen Ornstein to continue suffering emotional distress
from the incident when she had tested HIV-negative six months after it
occurred.
While providing care to the patient whom she knew to be
HIV+, Ornstein suffered a puncture wound from a needle sticking out of the
mattress on the patient’s bed while she and another nurse were turning over the
patient, who was too weak to turn himself over.  Although she has repeatedly tested negative since this incident,
Ornstein’s doctor confirms that she has developed a post-traumatic stress
disorder that has made it impossible for her to resume patient-contact
activities, due to her overwhelming fear that she will suffer another such
needle-stick injury.  Ornstein also
claims to have suffered adverse side-effects from the medications she was
taking after the incident as a precaution to prevent HIV-infection from
developing.
The city moved to dismiss her claim for emotional distress
damages to the extent it covered more than six months from the time of the
incident.  The city’s motion was based
on decisions by the Appellate Division in the Second Department (based in
Brooklyn) in _Brown v. New York City Health and Hospitals Corp._, 225 App. Div.
2d 36, and _Taormina v. State of New York_, 286 App. Div. 2d 490, which held
that as a matter of law a claim for damages for fear of contracting AIDS as a
result of a needle-stick injury may not cover more than six months, since a
medical consensus exists that somebody who tests negative six months after
sustaining a needle-stick injury is highly unlikely to have contracted
HIV-infection.
Rejecting the city’s argument, Justice Abdus-Salaam pointed
out that Ornstein’s claim is not for emotional distress due to fear that she
contracted HIV infection from that incident, but rather for the post-traumatic
stress disorder that she developed as a result of the incident, which prevents
her from returning to work due to an uncontrollable fear of future exposure.  Following the lead from _Fosby v. Albany
Memorial Hospital_, 252 App. Div. 2d 606, an opinion by the Appellate Division
for the 3rd Department, based in Albany, the court found that
Ornstein was not making a traditional “AIDS phobia” claim at all.
Whether Ornstein can ultimately prevail on the merits of her
claim is another question entirely, but the court determined that the
“six-month rule” adopted by some appellate courts for “AIDS phobia” cases was
not relevant to Ornstein’s emotional distress damage claim.  A.S.L.
AIDS Litigation Notes
_Federal - California_ - Concluding a long-running
investigation, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission announced on Jan. 30
that there was reason to believe that Cirque du Soleil had violated the
Americans With Disabilities Act by refusing to employ Matthew Cusick because he
is HIV+.  Cusick, represented by Lambda
Legal, had received an offer of employment which was withdrawn upon the
employer learning about his serostatus.
The next step is for the EEOC to attempt to conciliate the case.  Its probable cause finding means that the
agency disagreed with Cirque du Soleil’s argument that due to his HIV infection
Cusick is not qualified to participate because of safety concerns.  If conciliation does not produce a settlement,
the federal government could bring suit on Cusick’s behalf, or authorize him to
bring suit. _Lambda Press Release_, Jan. 30.
_Massachusetts_ - In _Conner v. Atlantic Mutual Insurance
Co._, 2004 WL 74463 (Mass. App. Ct. Jan. 16, 2004), three sisters sought
damages from the estate of Matthew Richmond, who had died from complications
arising from AIDS.   Frederick Richmond
held out Matthew as his son, and, with the assistance of the plaintiffs, had
cared for him during his illness.  The
money for the sisters was supposed to come out of proceeds from life insurance,
but the insurance company refused to recognize Matthew as a member of
Frederick’s family and would not pay out, a position upheld by the court.  The trouble in this case was an apparent
lack of evidence of legal adoption.
Without the stamp of approval of a Massachusetts probate court, it seems
that the law is still reluctant to recognize natural rights, “however committed
and deep,” to quote the language of the court.
_New York_ - In _Muriel v. St. Barnabas Hospital_, 2004 WL
78349 (Jan. 20, 2004), the N.Y. Appellate Division, First Department, approved
the restoration to the active trial calendar of a case that had been dismissed
as abandoned, in which the plaintiff claimed she was given a false AIDS
diagnosis after a spinal tap procedure, resulting in the destruction of her
marriage.  The court found that various
reasons for delay were excusable and that the plaintiff had at least alleged a
potentially meritorious case, and that the delay was not sufficient to have
prejudiced the defendant.  In any event,
the doctor who was alleged to have wrongly told Ms. Muriel, “You have AIDS,”
had not yet been deposed in the case.
AIDS Law & Society Note
_New Jersey_ - A local ACT-UP chapter staged a demonstration
and mock funeral outside the home of Superior Court Judge John B. Mariano, to
protest the death in prison of Gregory D. Smith, an HIV+ man who was serving a
25 year sentence imposed by Judge Mariano in a controversial case arising from
Smith biting a Camden County jail guard while he was incarcerated on a robbery
conviction.  While acknowledging medical
data supporting the conclusion that such an incident would not transmit HIV,
Mariano had ruled that Smith had the necessary intent for conviction of
attempted murder, since he believed he could kill the guard by biting him, and
sentenced him accordingly.  The sentence
was upheld on appeal. Smith died on Nov. 10 in Northern State Prison in Newark.  Mariano apparently was not at home to
observe the demonstration, and his neighbors professed bewilderment at what was
going on.  Said one: “I know Judge
Mariano and I’m sure he wouldn’t sentence somebody for nothing.”  _Philadelphia Inquirer_, Jan. 30.
International AIDS Notes
_Kenya_ - The _New York Times_ (Jan. 10) reported that the
High Court of Kenya has ruled that HIV+ children living in East Africa’s
“largest orphanage for AIDS-affected children” may not be barred by the
government from attending public schools.
According to the news report, High Court Judge Martha Koome had approved
an agreement on Jan. 9 that will allow the children to attend government-funded
schools.  A spokesperson for the schools
claimed that they had refused to take the children due to crowding, not
discrimination, but who believed that?
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
MOVEMENT POSITION ANNOUNCEMENT
The National Lesbian and Gay Law Association and its
associated non-profit foundation are seeking applications for a newly-created
paid Executive Director position.  The
E.D. would be responsible for program development and management, financial
management and planning, fundraising, administration, and board relations.  Applicants must have at least one year of
public interest employment experience after graduation from law school, and
must be admitted to the bar of a state (or be willing to apply for admission
and meet the requirements for same).
Salary will be commensurate with experience and responsibility.  Although the NLGLA mailing location is now
in Baltimore, that is not determinative of where the E.D. will work,
apparently.  Applications are due by
March 15.  For a full copy of the
position announcement, contact Kirstin Gulling, Search Committee Chairperson,
NLGLA, 200 E. Lexington St., Suite 1511, Baltimore MD 21202, or email kgulling@nlgla.org.  Ms. Gulling is also the person to whom to
send resumes and cover letters.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Burkhalter, Holly, _The Politics of AIDS_, 83 Foreign
Affairs No. 1, 8 (Jan/Feb 2004).
Cumper, Peter, and Mark Bell, _Reforming Section 28: Lessons
for Westminster from Holyrood_, 2003 European Hum Rts 400 (Issue 4).
Ducanto, Joseph N., _Using Semantics to Solve the Impasse
Over Gay Marriage_, 27 Chicago Lawyer No. 2 (Feb. 2004) (argues that a device
called something other than “marriage” should be constructed to accord legal
rights and recognition to same-sex partners while avoiding the continuing
warfare over the use of the term “marriage” in connection with such couples).
Galston, William A., _Expressive Liberty and Constitutional
Democracy: The Case of Freedom of Conscience_, 48 Am. J. Juris. 149 (2003).
Ginsburg, The Honorable Ruth Bader, _Looking Beyond Our
Borders: The Value of a Comparative Perspective in Constitutional
Adjudication_, 40 Idaho L. Rev. 1 (2003) (The Sherman J. Bellwood Lecture).
Moon, Jaewan, _Obscenity Laws in a Paternalistic Country:
The Korean Experience_, 2 Wash. U. Global Studies L. Rev. 353 (2003).
Quigley, William P., _The Necessity Defense in Civil
Disobedience Cases: Bring in the Jury_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 3 (2003/4).
Robinson, Mary, _The Fifth Annual Grotius Lecture Shaping
Globalization: The Role of Human Rights_, 19 Amer. Univ. Int’l L. Rev. 1 (2003)
(with responding comment by Ko-Yung Tung).
_Student Articles:_
Fiorini, Aude, _New Belgian Law on Same Sex Marriage and the
PIL Implications_, 52 Int’l & Comp. L. Q. 1039 (Oct. 2003).
Fitzgerald, Steven, _The Expansion of Charitable Choice, the
Faith Based Initiative, and the Supreme Court’s Establishment Clause
Jurisprudence_, 42 Catholic Lawyers 211 (Fall 2002).
Menjoge, Sujata S., _Testing the Limits of
Anti-Discrimination Law: How Employers’ Use of Pre-Employment Psychological and
Personality Tests Can Circumvent Title VII and the ADA_, 82 N.C. L. Rev. 326
(Dec. 2003).
_Specially Noted:_
Lambda Legal has published a booklet titled “Decisions. .
.Decisions: Deciding Whether to Get Married In Canada or Massachusetts.<170
The book is intended to provide guidance to same-sex partners who are trying to
decide whether to tie the know legally.
For information about obtaining a copy, check Lambda’s website:
www.lambdalegal.org.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Elster, Nanette R., _HIV and Art: Reproductive Choices and
Challenges_, 19 J. Contemp. Health L. & Pol. 415 (Spring 2003).
Lacy, D. Aaron, _Am I My Brother’s Keeper: Disabilities,
Paternalism, and Threats to Self_, 44 Santa Clara L. Rev. 55 (2003).
Proctor, PollyBeth, _Determining ‘Reasonable Accommodation’
Under the ADA: Understanding Employer and Employee Rights and Obligations
During the Interactive Process_, 33 Southwestern U. L. Rev. 51 (2003).
Watchirs, Helen, _AIDS Audit - HIV and Human Rights: An
Australian Pilot_, 25 L. & Policy 245 (July 2003).
_Student Articles:_
Clamon, Joseph B., _The Search for a Cure: Combating the
Problem of Conflicts of Interest That Currently Plagues Biomedical Research_,
89 Iowa L. Rev. 235 (Oct. 2003).
Stein, Arianne, _Should HIV be Jailed? HIV Criminal Exposure
Statutes and Their Effects in the United States and South Africa_, 3 Wash. U.
Global Studies L. Rev. 177 (2004).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are
those of identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
& Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL Foundation, Inc. All
comments in _Publications Noted_ are attributable to the Editor. Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is welcome and will be
published subject to editing. Please address correspondence to the Editor or
send via e-mail.