http://www.arcf.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Fundholders
Professional Advisors
Nonprofits
Students
Affiliates
AspireArkansas.org
Donor Central
MENU
Smart Giving
Our Impact
Apply
About
Contact Us
Give Online
Your Privacy
Share
Email
Facebook
AddThis
We are committed to protecting your privacy online. When you visit our site, we may ask you for personal information from you such as your name and e-mail address.
In addition, our site uses the Google Analytics web analytics service. Information recorded by Analytics includes information such as how you arrived at our site (including the URL you came from, if you arrived from another site), your network name, your browser type, which type of Internet browsing device you are using, the country, state, and city where your server is located, and the pages that were viewed during your visit to our site.
This site uses two specific Google Analytics features: Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features generate information about a user’s age, gender and interests from Google’s Interest-based advertising or third-party audience data to improve services on this website. This information is tracked using Google’s DoubleClick cookie.
We do not and will not merge any personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected unless you have been given notice of and have given prior affirmative (i.e. opt-in) consent to that merger. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this website is restricted by the Google Privacy Policy. To provide website visitors more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed an Opt-out Browser add-on, which is available by visiting Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, to enable you to opt-out of Google’s programs.
Finally, we do not sell or rent personal information to others. We use your information only for the limited purposes of sending you updates and useful information about our programs, promotional information, enhancing the site operation, for statistical purposes, and for overall systems administration.
Phone: 501-372-1116
Fax: 501-372-1166
Email Us
Responding to COVID-19 in Arkansas
Learn More