http://www.thepeacecompany.com/store/support/privacy.php
Home
|  View Cart   | Search
| Join us  |  Contact
|  Store
About Us
Mission & Vision
Products, Services & Opportunities
Leadership Team
Our Advisors
Wholesale Orders
Affiliate Program
Giving Back
Our Logo
The Peace Company Store
Christmas & Seasonal
Art & Pottery
Jewelry
Children & Babies
Flags & Banners
Books
Cards & Posters
Music & Audio
Inner Peace
Women/ Circles
View Cart
Customer Service
Privacy & Security
Shipping
News & Events
Be a Partner
Privacy & Security Policy
At The Peace Company we do the utmost to maintain your privacy and keep
your online order secure. This Privacy and Security Statement describes
our policy in the information we collect from you and how we use this
information. By using thepeacecompany.com, you agree to this Privacy and
Security Statement.
Information Collected
The Peace Company strives to provide our customers with excellent customer
service. We gather information to allow us to process orders, to enhance
our customers’ shopping experience and to inform our customers and
e-mail subscribers about important information and special offers.
When you order from thepeacecompany.com, we collect the following information:
your name, telephone number, email address, billing information (credit
card number, expiration date and billing address), products purchased,
any relevant promotion code and information and, if applicable, the delivery
recipient's name, address and telephone number.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data file stored on your computer by our
web site that stores certain information about your activity on the site.
Whenever possible, we use cookies to provide certain features to you,
such as storing items in your shopping cart as you shop on our site.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, and most also allow to
prevent the use of cookies. We respect the desire of some individuals
to limit the use of cookies. Therefore, if you disable this feature, you
should still be able to use our website without problems. If you should
experience any problems with our website’s functionality, please
contact us.
How do we use the information we collect about you?
We use information we collect from you to process your orders and to inform
you of offers and other important information from The Peace Company.
In addition, we periodically make such information, available to selected
organizations. We are very selective about which organizations we share
information with and only share information with organizations that we
feel are congruent with the mission of The Peace Company.
If you do not wish us to share your information with any third-party or
would like to be removed from our e-mail or mailing list, please contact
us by e-mail at info@thepeacecompany.com or call us toll-free at 1-888-455-5355
with your request.
We may disclose any information you provide to The Peace Company when
we believe disclosure to be appropriate to comply with any law, regulation,
or governmental request, or to comply with judicial process; or (ii) if
such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate this web site;
or (iii) to protect the rights or property of The Peace Company Company,
its users, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, or Merchants.
Links
Please be aware that when you click on links that take you to third-party
Web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies,
not ours.
Your Security
Our shopping cart system uses industry standard secure socket layer (SSL)
encryption technology. The web site encrypts your credit card number prior
to transmission over the Internet using SSL. For SSL to work you must
use an SSL enabled browser. Most available browsers; version 3.0 and later,
support SSL.
However, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public
network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make reasonable
efforts to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, we
cannot warrant the security of information you transmit to us.
Your Consent and Changes to this Policy
Subject to the above provisions, by using our web site, you consent to
the collection and use of information by us and the terms of this Privacy
Policy. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time in which case
we will notify you of these changes.
info@thepeacecompany.com.
Customer Service » |
Privacy & Security » |
Shipping »
The Peace Company • 21 Main Street,
Bristol, VT 05443 • 1-888-455-5355 (toll-free) • info@thepeacecompany.com
Copyright © 2003-2011 by The Peace Company. All rights reserved.