https://www.ymcade.org/membership/policies/
Skip to content
MEMBER RESPONSIBILITIES
The YMCA is committed to providing a safe and welcoming environment for all members and guests. To promote safety and comfort for all, all individuals are asked to act appropriately at all times when in our facility or participating in our programs. We expect persons using the YMCA to act maturely, to behave responsibly, and to respect the rights and dignity of others. In consideration of all members and to ensure your own safety while at the YMCA, we ask that you respect our facility regulations:
Children under the age of 12 must be supervised AT ALL TIMES by a parent or guardian.
Members must be 12 years old and attend a proper orientation to utilize the adult fitness center & adult fitness classes.
The YMCA is a smoke-free campus. Smoking is not permitted on any of the YMCA premises.
Members must show their membership IDs at the Member Service Desk upon entering the facility and keep the
identification card with them at all times.
Members should use only the front door when entering or exiting the building.
The handicapped spaces in the parking lot are for cars with appropriate handicapped parking stickers only. Members without the appropriate handicapped parking stickers, displayed on their cars, are not permitted to park in these spaces at any time.
Members should keep all valuables locked in a locker. The YMCA is not responsible for items lost or stolen in the building.
Locks are not to be left on lockers overnight. The YMCA reserves the right to remove any locks left on the lockers.
Cell phone use in the locker room is prohibited. Please turn off your cell phone when in the locker rooms.
Children under six years of age may accompany their parents/guardians into the opposite sex locker room with adult supervision. Ages 6 and up can use the Family Changing Area. Please use your discretion.
Gym bags are not to be left in the fitness center. All items found lying on the floors in the fitness center will be removed.
Sexual misconduct and/or harassment is not tolerated.
Abusive, foul language, and/or fighting is not tolerated.
Weapons (i.e. firearms and knives) are prohibited at the YMCA.
Failure to comply with the above regulations may result in the termination of your membership or guest privileges. Violators will be asked to leave.
MEMBERSHIP REGISTRATION AND PAYMENT POLICIES
Membership dues are non-transferable and non-refundable.
Membership applications must be made in person at the YMCA or online at www.ymcade.org. Must have a photo ID.
Monthly bank draft is available …bank draft can only be processed through a credit card, debit card, checking or savings account.
Major credit cards, checks, and cash are all accepted for payment of memberships in full. A fee of $25.00 will be assessed for returned checks for any reason.
GUESTS
All guests entering the YMCA will be required to pay a daily guest fee ($25 Adult, $15 Child) unless they are a program spectator (see spectator policy below) or they are visiting the Y for the first time.
Guests will be allowed to visit the YMCA for free one time per 12-month period.
All guests must present a valid ID.
All guests are required to follow all rules and regulations as outlined in the Membership Agreement and follow all requirements as outlined in state health and safety guidelines.
All guest fees & pre-paid guest passes are non-refundable.
Spectators of Programs:
Spectators of programs do not have to pay a daily guest fee but will be required to check-in at our Welcome Center where they must present a valid ID.  Due to capacity and physical distancing requirements, one adult per participant will be permitted to attend indoor programs (swim lessons, swim team, etc.) as a spectator.  Siblings are discouraged from attending.  However, we understand when circumstances may require siblings to join a parent.  All visitors, including children, must follow mask requirements as outlined in state guidelines. Spectators’ access to the building is limited to the program area only.
FULL PRIVILEGE MEMBERSHIP PAYMENT OPTIONS
The YMCA offers two membership fee payment options. Members can remit the entire annual fee once a year, or choose our popular EZ Pay monthly bank or credit/debit card draft. You confirm the payment withdraw date, amount, and account when you sign up. It’s that easy!
CHANGE IN MEMBERSHIP STATUS
Please inform Member Services if a change has been made to your address, phone number, bank draft info, and email address.
MEMBERSHIP CANCELLATION
If you wish to cancel your membership, please call your local YMCA. You will need to provide a 10-day written notice (letter, fax, or email) prior to the first of the month so that we may stop payment on a bank draft.
CHECK-IN
Please present your membership card each time you visit the YMCA. Members without membership cards will be asked to show photo ID before entering the facility.
LOST CARD
Please inform the Member Service desk staff if you have lost your membership card. There will be a replacement fee of $2.00.
ETHICSPOINT®
The YMCA of Delaware has installed an Internet-based reporting system called Ethicspoint® to foster communication. This system allows you to report issues or concerns in a totally anonymous and confidential manner. Particular areas of interest are violations of the YMCA code of conduct, protecting children from abuse, and concerns about aquatic and transportation safety. As a member and participant you are in a position to observe not only questionable or unethical behavior at the YMCA, but also see areas in need of change. If you would like to communicate your observations anonymously, please join our employees in utilizing Ethicspoint® by clicking here. You can file a report, offer a suggestion, or voice a concern.
PRIVACY
In order to protect the privacy of program participants, we cannot provide information about course rosters. If you or your child would like to be in a class with another person, please check with them regarding the specifics of their registration prior to enrolling. Requests to be on a sports team with another person can be requested on the Sports Registration Card at the time of registration. Thank you for your understanding and for helping us to respect the privacy of everyone.
Click here for the full YMCA of Delaware Privacy Policy.
SWIM TEST POLICY (CLICK HERE)
To ensure the safety of our members and guests, all children 14 years of age and younger must participate in a swimming skills assessment and will be provided with a colored wristband based on their swimming ability.
GREEN BAND
Youth with a green wristband may swim in any designated open swim area and use any water slide or pool climbing wall.
YELLOW BAND
Youth with a yellow wristband may only swim in a Yellow or Red designated open swim area without a parent/guardian in the water and must be 48 inches or taller to use a water slide. Youth may swim in a
green swim area but must remain within arm’s reach of a parent/guardian at all times.
NON-SWIMMERS
Those 14-years of age or younger not wearing a swim band will be considered a non-swimmer. Non-Swimmers must remain within arm’s reach of a parent/guardian at all times and must wear a coast guard approved life jacket when in water above “arm-pit” height. Infants who are held by a parent/guardian are not required to be in a life jacket.
INCLUSIVE SWIM WEAR POLICY
The Y is a place where all people of all walks of life can learn and love to swim, wearing a spectrum of colors, fabrics, and accessories.  To ensure everyone throughout our community can enjoy swimming in a safe manner, the YMCA of Delaware recommends the following best practices in our pools.
Acceptable clothing for our facility includes:
Clothing that is water repellent and lightweight, e.g. swim wear material
Specialized swim suits designed with modesty in mind
Such as a “Burqini,”which traditionally includes three separate pieces: pants, a long t-shirt and a head cover
Latex or lycra running tights and shirts
Football type jerseys (with holes)
Nylon jerseys
Rash guards, commonly used under scuba wear but can also be used as swimwear
Swim caps
Head coverings/headscarves no longer than shoulder length
In order to maintain aquatic safety, we discourage:
Cotton or other heavyweight materials
Head coverings/headscarves longer than shoulder length
FULL FACE SNORKEL MASKS
The YMCA of Delaware DOES NOT PERMIT full-face snorkel masks to be worn for any activity, regardless of the swimmers age & experience, in any YMCA of Delaware pool.
Reasons why these masks are not permitted in our pools include:
Potential for Carbon Dioxide to build-up within the mask when it is in use.
No regulations available through the Consumer Product Safety Commission
Minimal research regarding user safety
SEX OFFENDER SCREENINGS:
The YMCA conducts regular sex offender screenings on all members, participants and guests. If a sex offender match occurs, the YMCA reserves the right to cancel membership, end program participation, and remove visitation access.
Our Mission
To empower youth, foster healthy living, and promote strong communities.
X Winter program registration is open. Space is limited - Register today!
New free kids zone and youth fitness options now available while you work out! Learn More!
¤