https://www.politicalcampaignsuperstore.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us.  At DIY Campaigns, we have a few fundamental principles that we follow:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of our site.
DIY Campaigns (the “Company”) operates the website: www.politicalcampaignsuperstore.com.  It is the Company’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, the Company collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.  The Company’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how the Company’s visitors use its website. From time to time, the Company may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
The Company also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on our blogs. The Company only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to the Company’s website choose to interact with the Company in ways that require the Company to gather personally-identifying information.  The amount and type of information that the Company gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.  In each case, the Company collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with the Company. the Company does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
The Company may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.  However, the Company does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The Company discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on the Company’s behalf or to provide services available at the Company’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.  By using the Company’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.  The Company will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.  Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, the Company will disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when the Company believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of the Company, third parties or the public at large.  If you are a registered user of the Company’s website and have supplied your email address, the Company may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with the Company and our products.  If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.  The Company takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.  The Company uses cookies to help the Company identify and track visitors, their usage of the Company’s website, and their website access preferences.  Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Company’s website, with the drawback that certain features of the Company’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If the Company, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that the Company goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that would be transferred or acquired by a third party.  You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of the Company may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, the Company may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in the Company’s sole discretion.  The Company encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Message Sent!
Your message was sent.
Thank You!
CLOSE