http://www.allen-temple.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Through the Allen Temple Baptist Church Web site (“the Site”), we may provide you with access to varied user-generated and other content and interactive and informational resources (collectively, "Services"). This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies with respect to information including personally identifiable data ("Personal Data") and other information that is collected from you when using the Site.
Information We Collect
When you interact with us through the Site, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:
Personal Data That You Provide Through the Site
We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily choose to provide such information such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Services or use certain Services. Wherever we collect Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy. By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to this Site, you acknowledge and agree that our independent contractors who host and maintain our website and email services may have access to such Personal Data.
Other Information - Non-Identifiable Data
When you utilize the Site, we may receive certain personally non-identifiable information about your use of the Site. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may store such information ourselves or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by our service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to the Site, the number of visitors to each page of the Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.
In operating this Site, we may use cookies. A cookie is a piece of information that the computer or computers that host our Site give to your browser when you access the Site. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that keeps you from needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the site. On most web browsers, you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site's features .
Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of our Site, we may conduct research on our end user's demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis. We will not share this aggregated data with any external affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. In some cases, we may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information
We will use the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the services on this site, we will use your Personal Data to provide access to such Services and to monitor your use of such Services. We may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site to help us improve the content and functionality of the Site, to better understand our users and to improve the services we provide.
We will communicate with you through email and notices posted on the site. These communications may include a series of welcome emails which help inform you about various features of the Services. Please be aware that you may receive certain emails from us related to the proper functioning of your account and other administrative purposes. We may send you notification information unless you have opted out of receiving such information. If you wish to opt-out of receiving notification emails, please click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information There are certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, including as set forth below:
Service Providers, Agents and Related Third Parties: We sometimes hire other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include maintaining databases and hosting of our website. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we may need to provide them with access to certain Personal Data. For example, if we need to ship products to you, we will share your name and address with a carrier. However, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function. When we contract with other companies to provide services for us and then temporarily provide Personal Data to them for that purpose, we require those companies to protect the personal information to the same standard as we do.
Legal Requirements: We may also disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Your Choices You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Data. In such event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site and such services that require your Personal Data.
When you sign up for our Services that require registration, we ask you to provide Personal Data. If we want to use this Personal Data in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, we will ask for your consent prior to doing so. If we propose to use Personal Data for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific notice of Services, we will allow you to opt out of our use of your Personal Data for those other purposes.
Exclusions This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through this Site or to through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as bulletin boards, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing services, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information"), including all User Content as that term is defined in our Terms of Use. All such Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. Please also note that any Personal Data or other information you provide to be displayed in your publicly available online profile will be displayed for others to see and thus will not be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We cannot and will not be responsible for what third parties do with any Personal Data or other information that you choose to make publicly available. As such, we advise that you exercise great care in determining what information you choose to make publicly available through this Site.
Children We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If we discover that Personal Data from a child has been provided through the Site, we will eliminate such data. If you are under 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Data on this Site. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us through this Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Links to Other Web Sites This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. The Site may frame or contain references or links to other websites that we do not operate or control (the "Third Party Sites"). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Site do not imply our Service review or endorsement of the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Security We take reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, please be aware that no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to us via the Internet.
We will limit access to Personal Data to individuals who have a business need consistent with the reason the Personal Data was provided.
Data Integrity We process Personal Data only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the Personal Data needed to provide or improve our Services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their Personal Data whenever necessary.
Enforcement Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or our treatment of Personal Data by contacting us at any time at the applicable email address set forth in the Contact Us link on this Site.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy The Site may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. Any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless we tell you otherwise. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Access to Information We strive to keep your Personal Data accurately recorded. Through the Site, we provide you with access to update your profile and revise Personal Data previously submitted to the Site.
Contacting Us If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy or our information practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at the applicable email address set forth in the Contact Us link on this Site.
Online Giving Twitter