http://www.exchangehouse.ie/privacystatement.php
Exchange House uses cookies to give you the best experience on our websites. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy. Click here to remove this message.
Funders
Room Hire
Links
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
Publications
News
Contact
Donations
Privacy Statement
You are here:  Home
»
Privacy Statement
Personal Information This website does not attempt to track individual users in any way other than to collate visitor numbers on pages for statistical purposes. The persons to whom personal information may be disclosed. Any personal information available to Exchange House Ireland will only be disclosed to employees and subcontractors of Exchange House Ireland and only in the case where they may need to contact you. Exchange House will never give (or sell) your contact details to any third party. The security measures taken to protect personal information All email addresses, phone numbers etc are stored in password protected, firewalled, security systems. Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purpose set out above. You can also opt out of Google Analytics tracking by using this browser plugin. Third Party Plugins This website uses third party plugins from organisations such as Facebook and Twitter in the form of embedded newsfeeds and social sharing buttons. These can often use cookies to track users to allow easy sharing of pages, for example, or to show the 'follow' button on the twitter news feed if you have have not yet followed us. Cookie Warning Notice The cookie warning notice on the top of the website also uses cookies to record your preferences. When you click to remove the notice, the cookie 'remembers' this for a period of time and so the notice will not reappear until the time has elapsed, or until you delete the cookie. Managing Cookies You can manage cookies that websites put on your computer by changing some settings in your browser. More information on this is available on the links below.
Manage Cookies with Chrome Manage Cookies with Firefox Manage Cookies with Internet Explorer Manage Cookies with Safari
Ilikecake Ltd