http://www.timpca.org/privacy-policy
Go
Home
New to TPC
What We Believe
Sunday Morning
Staff
Contact Us
Ministries
Children
Kids' Clubs
Youth
International
Missions
Discipleship
Life on Life
Bible Studies
Connect Groups
Fellowship
Women
Social Groups
Coffee and a Book
Prayer
Fellowship Dinners
Resources
Sermons
Calendar
Church Documents
Helpful Links
Men
Privacy Policy
OUR PRIVACY POLICY SUMMARY
Timonium Presbyterian Church respects your internet surfing privacy.  Because we believe that your information is YOUR information, we do not intend to give it out to others.  Of course, you are free to make your information available to others through our Members’ Section (when functional).  You can be assured that during your visit to our website we will not try (surreptitiously) to gain information from you in any way. INDIVIDUAL ADULT AND CHILD DATA COLLECTION
TPC does not collect any individual data such as name, address, phone number or email address unless you provide it on a registration form, survey form, or send us an email. Our site's forms may ask or require you to give us contact information and we use this information to provide information, or to register a child or family member for an event per your request.
TPC takes children's privacy and safety seriously. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect, use, or distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information from any child under 13 years old without verifiable parental consent (e.g., registration for TPC’s events); and not knowingly allow any child under 13 years old to post publicly or to distribute personally identifiable information without verifiable parental consent. Any information collected is solely for internal TPC use and is not knowingly made available to any outside group or organization.
WHY/HOW WE USE COOKIES
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer by a website.  When you return to that website, those pieces of information are sent back to the web server, allowing it to "remember" certain things from your prior visits.  Cookies are only sent to the web server (or servers) that placed them, and all cookies have a date to expire.  The date is set by the website, and when it is reached, the cookie disappears.
Some believe these cookies are a threat to their privacy and security.  All users have the ability to prevent cookies from being placed on their computers.  This causes, however, some legitimate features of certain websites not to function correctly (e.g., shopping carts).
To provide the best experience and to protect the privacy of our users, www.timpca.org may (now or at some future time) use a special cookie called a "per-session cookie.”  These cookies should disappear the moment you close your web browser.
Our webhosting service does collect information about each visit to the website.  It employs a software application that tracks the number of hits our website receives.  This information is important to us, because it allows us to track the popularity of our website, find areas of the website people like, and adjust areas of the website that people find difficult.
UNSOLICITED E-MAIL
Like most people, we at Timonium Presbyterian Church don’t like it when we receive unsolicited e-mail, also known as SPAM.  We want to assure you that we will not send you SPAM, or give/sell our e-mail lists to other organizations.
If you provide us with your e-mail address, we will respond to your questions or comments by sending you an e-mail as soon as we are able.  We may also contact you in the future to let you know when we have updated important information or services on www.timpca.org .