http://www.minncle.org/privacy-policy
MENU
In-Person Seminars
In-Person Live Seminars
In-Person Replay Seminars
Institutes & Conferences
Online Seminars
Live Webcast Seminars
On Demand Seminars
eResources & Publications
Deskbooks
LinkedLaw Deskbooks
LinkedLaw Library Subscriptions
InFORMed Annotated Documents
Summary Guides & Legal Quicksheets
Automated Document Systems
eCoursebook Collection
Discounts & Season Passes
Season Passes
On Demand Bundles
Webcast Packages
SEARCH BY
PRACTICE AREA
SEARCH ALL RESOURCES BY PRACTICE AREA
Civil Litigation
Corporate/Business
Criminal
Elder/Medical
Elimination of Bias
Ethics
Family
Intellectual Property
Labor/Employment
Probate/Estate
Real Estate
Workers' Compensation
show more
show less
Admin/Government
ADR
Agricultural Law
Antitrust
Art/Entertainment
Banking
Bankruptcy
Bias
Commercial
Communications
Consumer Law
Environmental
Health Law
Immigration Law
Insurance Law
International
Law Office Mgmt
Miscellaneous
Personal Injury
School Law
Securities
Tax
Technology
IN-PERSON
SEMINARS
IN-PERSON SEMINARS
In-Person Live Seminars
Live presentations where both speakers and registrants attend in-person.
In-Person Replay Seminars
Previously recorded presentations replayed on a scheduled date at a scheduled location where registrants and moderator attend in-person.
Institutes & Conferences
Annual live in-person or virtual, sometimes multi-day, seminars covering a particular practice area.
Learn more about our Seminars >
Calendar >
ONLINE
SEMINARS
ONLINE SEMINARS
Live Webcast Seminars
Online programs – generally 1-3 hours in length – that are streamed live at a scheduled date and time.
On Demand Seminars
Online programs – previously recorded live webcast or in-person seminars – that you can access and view on your own schedule.
Learn more about our Seminars >
Calendar >
eRESOURCES &
PUBLICATIONS
eRESOURCES & PUBLICATIONS
Deskbooks
Designed to offer comprehensive instruction written and edited by the very best practitioners in their fields.
LinkedLaw Deskbooks & Library
Innovative web-based fully searchable Deskbook products linked to primary authorities – statutes, rules, and cases.
InFORMed Annotated Documents
Expertly drafted legal forms and documents containing annotations and helpful commentary by expert attorneys.
Summary Guides & Legal QuickSheets
Concise at-a-glance reference tools formatted as charts, diagrams, and checklists that help clarify legal issues visually.
Automated Document Systems
HotDocs-based document assembly systems allowing you to create numerous documents with a single click.
eCoursebook Collection
10 plus years of seminar materials including full-text outlines, forms, checklists and more.
Learn more about our eResources & Publications >
DISCOUNTS &
SEASON PASSES
WAYS TO SAVE
Season Passes
Attend the courses you choose, acquire the books and forms you want, and accumulate the credits you need – all at a fraction of the price you would normally pay!
On Demand Bundles
Purchase a bundle of 5, 10, or 15-hours at a discounted price, and then view the On Demand seminars of your choosing on your schedule!
Webcast Packages
Curated series of scheduled webcasts that allow you to focus learning in a particular interest area and/or earn more credits at a discounted price!
New Lawyer Discount
New Lawyers in their first three years of practice receive 50% off everything we offer!
Scholarships
Need-based scholarships are available for in-person and online seminars.
Learn more about our Discounts >
0
Sign In
Create Account
Search
Home
>
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Minnesota Continuing Legal Education (https://www.minncle.org) (“the Website”) supports the privacy of our visitors. The following outlines our privacy and data protection policy (“Privacy Policy”). Third-party sites you access via the Website are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of User Details
When you register for access to our site, any of our RSS feeds, email newsletters, or other subscriptions, we may collect personal details about you.
Personal information such as your name, address, attorney license number, email address, and site password may be collected on our registration forms.
When you visit the site, we also collect website usage information and information about your computer and internet connection, including your computer’s IP address, the type and version of browser and operating system you use, your internet domain and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from another website, the URL of the linking page.
We use this information to:
ensure, as far as is practical, that our site is compatible with the browsers and operating systems used by most of our visitors
perform customer service and technical support services for users
We also use the information for in-house research to:
improve our understanding of user needs in developing the Website
aid strategic development of our seminars and other products
The results of all such research and analysis will be presented as anonymous or aggregated information and will not reveal any personal facts about individual readers.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small file which is placed on the user’s hard drive during a website visit. This file allows the user to move quickly and easily around our site. It is used to identify returning users and to identify subscribers. We also use a cookie to track a user’s sessions. We use this information to find out what site features are most popular so that we can develop the Website using analysis of people’s usage.
You can delete cookies from your hard drive at any time.
Further information on the use of cookies can be found at: http://www.cookiecentral.com.
Use of Email
The Website uses software from reputable third parties to deliver the emails you will receive from our site if you subscribe to our email newsletters or have chosen to receive information about new website content. These third parties use unique identifiers and invisible images (often called “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) to perform message open sensing, message format sensing, and click-through sensing on behalf of the Website in order to bring you more relevant information.
Content and some ad services in these emails are provided by us.
Use of Advertising
We reserve the right to use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit the Website. This company may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to the Website in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
Linking to Other Internet Sites
You should be aware that other Internet sites that are linked from the Website or our email messages may contain privacy provisions that differ from the provisions of this Privacy Policy. To ensure your privacy is protected, we recommend that you review the privacy statements of these other linked sites, applications or other digital properties.
How You Can Access and Change Information
If you are a registered user of the Website, you may review, update, or correct your information directly on the Website or by contacting us.
No Guarantee
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, and despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Changes to This Policy
Due to changes in legislation and best practice or enhancements to functionality and content on the Website we may make changes to our Privacy Policy and will reflect those changes in this statement, so you should check here from time to time. The date of the last revision to the Privacy Policy will be indicated by the "Last updated" date at the bottom of this page.
Last updated 7/1/2019.
Customer Service
651-227-8266
800-759-8840
Email
Help & Support
Reporting Your Credits & Accreditation
Refund Policy
FAQs & Technical Assistance
Directions and Parking
Conference Center
600 Nicollet Mall, Suite 370
Third Floor City Center
Minneapolis, MN 55402
Directions & Parking
Administrative Offices
2550 University Avenue West, Suite 160-S
Saint Paul, Minnesota 55114
Directions & Parking
Sponsors & Exhibitors
Sponsorship/Exhibitor Opportunities
Faculty & Authors
Deskbook Authors Style Guidelines
Faculty Tips
Submit a Proposal
About Us
Our Mission
State-of-the-Art Conference Center
Staff Attorney Contacts
Board of Directors
MSBA and Minnesota State Board of CLE
Employment Opportunities
Stay Connected
© 2019 Minnesota Continuing Legal Education
Site Map
|  Privacy Policy