https://www.wiccan-world.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Wiccan World: Cookies – GDPR – General
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site.
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.
We use cookies to personalise your experience and ads, and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
You consent to our use of cookies if you continue to use this website.
How do we use cookies?
We and our partners use cookies to show you advertising which is relevant to you.
We use cookies to monitor which pages on our website are getting the most traffic and interest.
Cookies also tell the people who have paid to advertise on our website directly how many times their ads were served.
Some of our partners set cookies because we are affiliated with them.
Cookie related information is accessed by Google, Medianet, Sovrn, Amazon, and other partners who pay us to advertise on the site.
No cookies will be used for any purpose other than the ones stated.
If you do not wish to allow cookies on your computer then:
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
For details, see aboutcookies.org.
Alternatively you can cease to use our website.
For EU Residents: Our commitment to GDPR
We take your data and your privacy seriously. Accordingly, we comply with all aspects of the GDPR.
When you make a purchase from us personally identifiable information may include one or more of the following:
Name
Address
Email Address
Telephone
IP Number
We do not use your information to market to you after your purchase in any way.
Typically your contact information is saved securely electronically in our office. We can delete this data at your request – however this also means that we will no longer have a copy of your purchase details and so we will not be able to provide any assistance relating to it.
Your rights under the GDPR include:
Right of access: data subjects have the right to access their personal data and to know how it is being processed.
Right to be forgotten: this policy allows EU data subjects to request to have all their data deleted from our server or transferred to another company.
Breach of personal data: our company must notify the Supervisory Authority within 72 hours unless the breach is harmless and poses no risk to the individual. If a breach is concluded to be high risk, the company must inform the individual as well.
To request information related to the foregoing, you can contact us by going to our “Contact” page. We will respond within 24 hours.
General:
We respect the privacy of our subscribers, customers, contacts, those who answer our surveys, and those who fill out our questionnaires. It is our policy:
To respect the purpose for which our site visitors gave us information. We give users choice and consent over how their personal information is used, and remove names immediately upon request. Please note that we cannot guarantee privacy if knowledge of a criminal situation is divulged to us.
Not to sell, rent, or loan our subscriber or customer lists to third parties for any form of marketing. While we sell advertising in some of our e-mail publications and on our website to other companies, we never allow third parties any access to these subscriber lists.
Not to send any unsolicited mail or email to any client. We do not, never have, and never will send junk mail.
To send our periodicals only to those who request them (that is, opt-in). We immediately unsubscribe those who request it through convenient unsubscribe links in every e-mailing. Our welcome message to subscribers and every issue of our newsletters clearly explain how to unsubscribe. We keep our subscription lists as clean as possible to prevent obsolete e-mail addresses to take unnecessary bandwidth.
To use cookies in a responsible manner to help our visitors, not snoop on them. We, our services suppliers, or our advertisers use cookies (1) to help rotate banner advertising, (2) to identify shoppers with their shopping carts, (3) to make it easy to order a second time, (4) to allow subscribers to store passwords in cookies if they desire, and (5) to provide a personalized experience.
To store subscriber and password files with personal information in a secure manner. We store such files in areas not accessible to Web browsers, behind password protection, or off-line.
To continue this policy beyond the termination of our company. If a majority portion of the assets of our company were to be acquired by another organization, that might include our subscriber and other lists, but only as part of a clear agreement binding that organization to abide by the spirit and letter of our privacy policy.
If you have any concerns or questions about our privacy policy or information collected on our sites, please contact us and we will reply promptly.
Wiccan WorldAnnouncements
Altar
Asperger
Athame
Besom
Boline or White-Handled Knife
Book of Shadows
Candles
Cauldron
Circle
Elementals
Esbats
Gods & Goddesses
Herbs
Moon
Mortar & Pestle
Pentacle
Poppets
Quarter Guardians
Ritual Bath
Ritual Tools
Rituals
Sabbats
Spells
Banishing & Binding Spells
Blessing Spells
Love & Passion Spells
Prosperity Spells
Protection Spells
Spellwork
Wand
Wiccan Rede
Join/Log In
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
The Small Print!Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Select Language
Afrikaans
Albanian
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Basque
Belarusian
Bulgarian
Catalan
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Haitian Creole
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Icelandic
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latvian
Lithuanian
Macedonian
Malay
Maltese
Norwegian
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swahili
Swedish
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Welsh
Yiddish
Yoruba
Zulu
This website uses cookies to personalize your experience and ads. You consent to our use of cookies if you continue to use this website.OkRead more