https://www.asiaforexmentor.com/disclaimer-terms-of-use/
Disclaimer – Terms of Use
General Disclaimer and Warnings.The Web Site (www.asiaforexmentor.com) content, videos, articles, analysis, opinions, statements, financial information, news, research, statements or any other information or content contained within content created by ECG Pte Ltd (“Asiaforexmentor” “we”, “us”, “our”), its directors, employers or contractors is general advice only, not personal advice. Do not base any investment and or trading decision solely on the information.We accept no liability if you use the information to form trading or investing decisions or to trade real money. You should seek your own investment advice before making any decision based on the information from a licensed financial professional who will consider your personal objectives and circumstances. It is possible to lose more than your initial investment or account deposit.  Trading any financial market is risky, be aware of the risks by reading the disclosure documentation given by the product provider and avoid trading with money you can’t afford to lose.Trading involves the risk of loss. Asiaforexmentor gives no warranties whether express or implied as to the performance levels or operation of the Asiaforexmentor education or the information. Asiaforexmentor, its representatives, officers and their associates may have an interest in or hold investments in the financial products listed. Trading involves the risk of loss as well as potential profit. Please consult a financial professional to decide if this product is right for you.If you are viewing or trading / investing based on the content on the Website you completely agree to the statements, warnings, disclaimers made/presented. You have no legal right to hold any person responsible for losses or damages resulting from viewing or interpreting the education content and statements on this Website or in any email communications or forum communications made between Ezekiel Chew, Asiaforexmentor trading coaches, its Employees, contractors or representatives.Any Advice or information on this Website is General Advice Only – It does not take into account your personal circumstances, please do not trade or invest based solely on this information. By viewing any material or using the information within this site you agree that this is general education material and you will not hold Asiaforexmentor responsible for loss or damages resulting from the content or general advice provided here by Asiaforexmentor, its employees, directors or fellow members. Any opinions, news, research, analysis, prices, or other information contained on this Website is provided as general market commentary and does not constitute investment advice. We will not accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation to, any loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on such information.High Risk Warning:Forex, Futures, and Options trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risks. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. You must be aware of the risks of investing in forex, Futures, and Options and be willing to accept them in order to trade in these markets. Forex trading involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable for all investors. Please do not trade with borrowed money or money you cannot afford to lose. This Website is neither a solicitation nor an offer to buy or sell currencies, Futures or Options. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this Website. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results.Copyright and Ownership of Content and Concepts and Intellectual PropertyAll original works and materials created by Ezekiel Chew (“Author”) or www.asiaforexmentor.com & www.asiaforexmentoracademy.com are subject to copyright and are not permitted to be copied or circulated without the Author’s express written permission.  The copyright extends to any materials, articles, videos, courses, forum posts, images, documents, emails or comments to which the law of Copyright extends.  If you are in breach of these terms you are guilty of breaching copyright and will be legally liable in a court of law. Do not copy, distribute, edit, alter, steal or sell the copyrighted original works. Content in the Asiaforexmentor educational courses, PDF documents, videos, articles, forum posts, blog posts and blog comments are all original works and remain the property of the Author.Privacy Policy.We will never share your email, name or phone number with a third party. Your contact details will only be used by us to send email newsletters, general email correspondence, various promotions and notifications.  You may unsubscribe at any time or ask for removal from our database at any time by contacting admin (@) asiaforexmentor .comEarnings and Performance DisclaimerPast trade performance or past earnings information contained on our Website and throughout our materials should NOT be taken as a guarantee or promise that you can achieve the same results.  The verbal, written, or audio-visual evidence of prior or future trading earnings or performance is not a guarantee or promise that any person or entity will achieve the same results or performance when they place trades or trade a live account.The strategies and methods taught on this Website have generally been used to trade by the Author in both live market conditions and in testing, but this does not guarantee or promise future profits or losses. If a trader uses the strategies/strategy to make trades or investment decisions, they do so at their own risk.  The Author and students of Asiaforexmentor have in the past used the trading strategies to make both winning trades and losing trades. The Author and Asiaforexmentor reasonably believe in good faith that the strategies can be used to form real trading decisions, but those decisions are your own responsibility and we are in no way liable for losses or damages arising from your personal decisions, actions or trades.  At no point has any guarantee or promise been made that profits or earnings will arise by following or implementing the forex course content or the concepts taught therein. No guarantee is made that results similar to the Author’s will occur. Interpretation plays a role in trading methods and strategies, so what you believe is a trading opportunity may be different to another person’s view of a trade. Be aware that a trading strategy without algorithmic methodology, rules and indicators can be interpreted and implemented in many different ways. Asiaforexmentor or the Author will not accept liability for any loss or damages arising from any misunderstandings, problems, losses or gains resulting from implementing such trading strategies.CopyrightThe term “copyright” implies that the content is original works and the author that produced the content /works is the legal owner of the content, it also implies that copying and using the content without the authors consent is illegal and will result in prosecution and court.Brokers and Trading Houses and Referral AgreementsAny mention or casual suggestion about brokers or trading houses is done so in good faith. General advice or comment made about a broker or trading house CAN NOT be seen as “advice” or “personal advice” or a “suggestion” to trade or trade with any broker or trading house. We will not be held liable for any problems or losses if you decide to sign up with a broker and trade an account. We may earn commissions from referring clients to a particular service, broker, trading house etcOutbound LinksIf you click on an outgoing link or visit a Website based on information received by us on the forum, Website or in an email, we are not liable from there on. We are not liable for any losses or damages that arise from you acting on information such as suggestions or endorsements of another brand(s) or from an outbound link posted by us or a member/reader.TERMINATION/ACCESS RESTRICTIONAsiaforexmentor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, (particularly if you abuse or misuse the content or services, or abuse other members), to terminate your access to the Asiaforexmentor  Website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES:All contents of www.asiaforexmentor.com & www.asiaforexmentoracademy.com are: Copyright by ECG Pte Ltd & Ezekiel Chew /or its suppliers. All rights reserved.USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICESThe ECG Pte Ltd Website may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, blogs, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.Violate any applicable laws or regulations.ECG Pte Ltd has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, ECG Pte Ltd reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. ECG Pte Ltd reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.ECG Pte Ltd reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in ECG Pte Ltd’s sole discretion.Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. ECG Pte Ltd does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, ECG Pte Ltd, specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorised ECG Pte Ltd spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of ECG Pte Ltd.Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.IndemnityYou agree to indemnify and hold Ezekiel Chew, ECG Pte Ltd or www.asiaforexmentor.com & www.asiaforexmentoracademy.com, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with any user content or content you post or share on or through the Website, your use of the Service or the Website, your conduct in connection with the Service or the Website or with other users of the Service or the Website, or any violation of these Terms or of any law or the rights of any third party.
Get Ezekiel Chew’s 5 Day Email Course on “How to be in the Top 10% league of Forex Traders”
100% Free – Delivered to your inbox
Subscribe to the most popular Forex Trading  blog online, join thousands of readers
Scroll to top