http://www.stpeterdenver.org/privacy-policy.html
Web Site Privacy Policy
St. Peter Evangelical Lutheran ChurchThis website is owned and operated by St. Peter Evangelical Lutheran Church referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us.Personal InformationOur site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, email address and phone.  We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site.  We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.We are committed to protecting the privacy of its members.  The personal information you share with St. Peter Evangelical Lutheran Church will be used to support the administration and management of ministries, delivery of services and maintaining programs offered by St. Peter Evangelical Lutheran Church.  We protect the personal information and adhere to all legislative requirements with respect to protecting privacy.Access to your personal information is on a “need to know” basis.  We inform our church personnel and volunteers of the importance of protecting your personal information.  We will also advise all church volunteers that personal information obtained during their service cannot be used for any purposes other than authorized church ministry.Statistical Information CollectedWe collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.Information AccuracyWe make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please contact us.Links to Third Party SitesOur web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than St. Peter Evangelical Lutheran Church.  These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.Prayer RequestsWe encourage our members to share their prayer requests so that we as a church may pray together.  We recognize some of the requests are sensitive and very personal.  We will ensure that the personal information contained in our prayer request list be limited only to the amount necessary.
Latest News
Loading...
Most Popular
Calendar
Sermons
Guests
Worship Service
Newsletter
Volunteer
Contact Us
EMAIL: info@stpeterdenver.org
PHONE: 319.984.5648
FAX: 319.984.5649
St. Peter Evangelical Lutheran Church
540 East Franklin Street
PO Box A
Denver, Iowa 50622
St. Peter Lutheran Church