https://www.rastagearshop.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
0 Items
Merchandise
Rasta Clothing
Men
Women
Children
Dreadlocks
Bob Marley Clothing
Men
Women
Jamaican Clothing
Men
Women
Books
Bob Marley
Jamaica
Rastafarian
Reggae
Movies
Bob Marley
Jamaican
Rastafarian Reggae
Privacy Policy Rastagearshop.com
Rastagearshop.com only collects information that you voluntarily provide to us when you purchase a product from us or make an enquiry.  It is not the policy of Rastagearshop.com to sell or exchange personal details. Your details will be kept solely for the purpose of subscription updates and you can be removed if requested.
We make every effort to have reasonable security procedures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. If you have any questions about the security of our website or about this privacy policy, please contact us.
If we decide to change our privacy policy or any other policies, we will post those changes on our homepage so you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Rastagearshop.com is registered in Australia. Those accessing this site from other locations are responsible for compliance with local laws if applicable. You and we each submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Australian courts in relation to disputes arising out of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement shall be unlawful, void for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. Australian Law shall govern this Agreement.
Thank you for visiting rastagearshop.com.au.  This Privacy Policy outlines the online information practices of rastagearshop.com.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
facebook
Twitter
Digg
Pinterest
Print Friendly
Delicious
reddit