https://www.crcsite.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Rosicrucianism
Research
Library
Links
Membership
Contact
Associates
Who we are
The Confraternity of the Rose Cross (CR+C) is a Rosicrucian fraternal order and school of mysticism. We operate in three distinct regions:
USA & Canada
South America
Europe, Africa & Australasia
And we can be contacted separately in each region via our contact form.
Our website address is: https://www.crcsite.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact Form
When you contact us we collect the data shown in the contact form, and also the your IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. We use the email address to respond to your questions/comments.
Application for Membership of the Confraternity Form
When you apply for membership to the Confraternity we collect data for the following purposes:
Contact data - so that we can send you your monographs, send reminders for dues, contact you regarding events conducted by the Confraternity which may be of interest to you.
Date of birth - the minimum age for membership is 18 and we use this information to ensure this
Other information/declarations - to assess the suitability of your application to ensure that you have made the right choice for the right reasons - we do not under any circumstances discriminate on the basis of sex, education or employment status or indeed in any way.
Registration for Membership of the Website
Registrations for membership of the website are only accepted from existing members of the Confraternity and any registrations from non-members are first declined and then the account is deleted immediately.
During the registration, an anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your registration, your profile picture is visible to other members of the Confraternity in the event that you comment on private Blog or Forum posts.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We do NOT share your data with anyone outside of the Confraternity ever except and unless we are compelled to do so by an authority with the legal right to require it.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service, otherwise none of your data is sent anywhere outside the Confraternity.
Our contact information
We can be contacted in each region using either the electronic form on this website or by postal mail at the address given on the relevant contact form.
Additional information
How we protect your data
All data submitted via the website is securely protected from access to everyone except certain designated indviduals granted admin access rights. Data held on other computers is securely held in an encrypted form.
What data breach procedures we have in place
In the event of a data breach we will notify our members as soon as possible after we become aware of the breach by email in the first instance or if no email is held then by post using the last known contact address.
Available in French & Portuguese
Available in French & Portuguese
English
Français
Português
Search
Search
Upcoming Events
Transforming Thought on May 6, 2021 4:00 pm
Awakened Attitude