http://www.cityvision.edu/techmission-privacy-statement-and-terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Thank you for visiting our website and reviewing our Privacy Statement. This policy applies to all TechMission’s websites, including but not limited to CityVision.edu and TechMission.org.
For a non-binding summary of the following official policy, see https://www.cityvision.edu/techmission-privacy-policy-summary/
This website (“Site”), is operated on behalf of TechMission (“TechMission,” “we,” “us,” and “our”), doing business as City Vision University.
Your privacy is important to us. It is our policy to protect your Personal Information (as defined below) and to use it in accordance with this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement only covers privacy practices involving information we collect online. Please note that your use of the Site and associated services is subject to our Terms and Conditions of Service which you may access from our homepage or other Site pages by clicking on Terms and Conditions.
1.  INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Like many other websites, we automatically collect information about your internet connection, such as:
The IP address of the server you used to access the internet;
The name of the website from which you linked directly to our Site;
The date and time you access our Site; and
The pages you visit.
This information (“Non-Personal Information”) does NOT identify you personally. We use this Non-Personal Information to monitor the effectiveness of the Site, identify areas of interest, and consider potential improvements to the Site.
If you choose to use certain features and functions of the Site, we ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) without which these features cannot work. By providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Statement.
The Personal Information you provide includes information provided during any registration process, including contact information, such as your name, organization name, address, and email address, and information about your interests and preferences. We also collect any Personal Information you voluntarily submit when you post content to the site, participate in discussion groups or other forums. Please note that your Personal Information may be available to the general public if you submit your information to be included in one of our databases or if you post information on the Site.
Your relative location is collected by the Ipstack-Web-API based on your IP address, information which is already provided to all web sites, and is sent to the MaxMind GeoIP service to identify your possibly country and state, to improve your user experience. The country and state data is stored in a cookie called “geoip-detect-result”, which will be deleted after one day by your browser, and is only retained by us if you consent to receive personal communications from us.
2.  USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use Personal Information obtained from you to provide services that you request; respond to your questions or inquiries; identify areas of user interest; and consider potential improvements to our Site.
Specific ways we use information include:
You can contact us directly with questions or comments regarding the services or to request additional information by following the links on the “Contact Us” section of our Site. These links require you to give certain Personal Information so that we may respond to your inquiry.
For distribution purposes, you also provide Personal Information if you request materials from us. We may also use your Personal Information to determine the level of interest in our offerings.
We may use your Personal Information to get in touch with you regarding the status of your online requests for services or any additional information you requested. We may also use your Personal Information to determine whether you qualify for any services for which you request online.
We may use your Personal Information to contact you regarding additional services and features or requesting your feedback about your experience with the Site.
For prospective students, current students, or alumni/former students of City Vision University, Personal Information is managed to provide an educational experience, according to the privacy provisions of FERPA.
2b. SERVICES USING NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
The following services, and other similar services, use the Non-Personal Information we collect, for advertising and analytics, including remarketing advertising, in the first two cases and for analytics in the last. Their terms & opt-out policies are linked below.
Google – Google’s mission is to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful.
Privacy Policy and Choices
Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
Google Analytics –
Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve it. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors.
Privacy Policy and Choices
ActiveCampaign –
ActiveCampaign tracks individual website activity and responses to emails.
Privacy Policy
3  LINKS
We provide links on the Site to other sites that may be relevance or interest. We do not endorse the content of these sites or guarantee that they will abide by this Privacy Statement. Your use of such linked sites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers of those sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each site that collects Personal Information.
4  SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only disclose your Personal Information in the following circumstances without first obtaining your consent:
Like any other site, we may be asked to provide Personal Information in certain types of legal or law enforcement proceedings. As stated above, see the FERPA regulations for a more precise definition of how this applies to City Vision students.
We may use third party suppliers and service providers to facilitate our services, and they may have access to Personal Information. For example, we may outsource one or more aspects of our Site to a supplier or service provider who performs services according to our requirements. In these cases we will restrict through written agreements how these suppliers or service providers may use or disclose the Personal Information to which they have access.
5  USE OF COOKIES
The use of cookies enables us to enhance your visits to the Site. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, but this will limit your ability to use some features. Cookies enable us to recognize your browser and provide features that are tailored to your needs. For example, cookies are required for students to make use of City Vision’s online learning environment.
We may use information from cookies for purposes of planning and tracking, as well as assessing the technical function of the Site. We may also use cookies to track information about which pages you visit within the Site to help us gauge the effectiveness of the Site or our content.
6  CHILDREN AND PARENTS
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 16 without parental consent. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
7  PROVIDING AND RECEIVING INFORMATION
You can always choose not to provide information or to opt out of receiving communications from us at any time. We give users the following options:
Click here if you wish to contact us regarding your concerns.
Telephone: 816-960-2008
Mail: 48 Pleasant Street, Dorchester, MA, 02125
8  CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we do make a change, we will post the revised Privacy Statement on this Site. We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement periodically. Questions, comments, or complaints about our privacy policies should be submitted to us by one of the methods listed above.
TECHMISSION TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
1 ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Welcome to TechMission (the “Site”), a web site provided to you by TechMission (“TechMission”). These Terms and Conditions of Service (“Terms and Conditions”), as updated by TechMission from time to time, govern your use of the Site and Services (as defined below). You should carefully read the Terms and Conditions before using the Site or the Services. You can review the most current version of the Terms and Conditions at any time at https://www.cityvision.edu/terms. By using the Site or the Services, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions and are indicating that you are at least thirteen (13) years old or that you have the permission of your parent or guardian. This is a legally binding agreement. If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions, you should not use the Site or the Services.
2 SERVICES
The Site includes a database containing (i) nonprofit and community organizations from around the world; and (ii) organizations that can help you volunteer abroad (“Organization Database”). The Organization Database is available for anyone to search and access information contained in it.
The Site also provides other services, such as an online learning environment which is only available to registered City Vision students, and an internships board where organizations can be matched with prospective interns.
Collectively, the provision of the information, databases and other services on or through the Site are referred to in these Terms and Conditions as the “ Services .”
3 USE OF SERVICES
To use the Site and Services you will need access to the World Wide Web, and you must pay any fees associated with your use of such access and the specific Services in which you participate. You will also need a modem or another access device.
4 REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
To use certain Services, you must register with the Site and provide certain personal information. You must also establish a password. You agree that you will be responsible for maintaining your password as confidential and for any activity that occurs as a result of your enabling or permitting another person or entity to use your password. It is your responsibility to notify TechMission by one of the methods listed below in the event that (i) your password is lost or stolen, or (ii) you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or of any other breach of security that might affect the Services. TechMission is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the provisions of this section.
You may contact us as follows:
Click here if you wish to contact us regarding your concerns.
Telephone: 617-282-9798
Mail: 48 Pleasant Street, Dorchester, MA, 02125
The information TechMission obtains from you will be used only in accordance with TechMission’s Privacy Policy.
5 SERVICES OFFERED
You understand that there are risks in using the Services, which you assume when you use the Services. Specifically, you understand and agree that all information, data and other material provided in connection with the Site and Services (“ Content ”), is the responsibility of the person or entity providing such Content. You understand and acknowledge that TechMission assumes no responsibility to screen or review Content provided as part of the Services. TechMission shall have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion to refuse, monitor, or remove any Content that is available on the Site or through use of the Services. TechMission does not endorse any aspect of the information, including the quality, accuracy or legality of the information that is contained in the databases. Since TechMission does not confirm the identity of any submitter, TechMission cannot guarantee that any identity or information is accurate. TechMission expressly disclaims all responsibility or liability to you or any other person or entity for the performance or nonperformance of Content review. TechMission reserves the right to remove or eliminate any Content that it chooses, at any time and for any reason, without notice or liability to you or any third party. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ASSUME ALL RISK ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF ANY AND ALL CONTENT.
TechMission is not involved in the relationship between Individuals and Organizations. If you have a dispute with each other, you understand that TechMission is not required to assist you in the dispute. You hereby agree to release TechMission from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with any such disputes or use of the Services. You understand that the Services may only be used for lawful purposes. You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the Services. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all information you access or obtain through the Services.
6 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
INFORMATION MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE OR SATISFACTORY FOR YOUR USE, AND YOU SHOULD VERIFY ALL INFORMATION BEFORE RELYING ON IT. ANY DECISIONS MADE BASED ON INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE SITE, INCLUDING INFORMATION RECEIVED THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
THE USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TECHMISSION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE AND SERVICES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. TECHMISSION MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE OR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, CURRENT, ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED BY USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY DEFECT IN OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE OR SERVICES IS TO CEASE TO USE THE SITE OR SERVICES. YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH MAY VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.
7 EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TECHMISSION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA LOSS, OR OTHER LOSSES (EVEN IF TECHMISSION HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR SERVICES, (ii) ANY LINK PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, (iii) YOUR RELIANCE ON ANY OF THE SERVICES; (iv) THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, TERMINATION OF ANY SERVICES HEREUNDER, (v) THE TIMELINESS, DELETION, MISDELIVERY OR FAILURE TO POST OR STORE ANY INFORMATION, OR (vi) ANY MATTER OTHERWISE RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES. IN NO EVENT SHALL TECHMISSION’S LIABILITY TO YOU RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR SERVICES EXCEED $50.
8 CONDUCT ON THE SITE
You are responsible for all Content that you upload, submit, post, email or otherwise transmit using the Site or Services. Likewise, you are responsible for respecting TechMission’s and third parties’ rights with respect to Content that appears on the Site and not to download, email or otherwise transmit such Content in violation of TechMission’s and third parties’ rights. You agree not to use the Site or Services to:
Submit, upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property right, privacy right, or publicity right of any person or entity.
Submit, upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any Content that is illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, pornographic, sexually explicit, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise offensive.
Impersonate another person or entity, including without limitation, a representative of TechMission or its officers, directors, employees or agents, falsely represent or misrepresent your affiliation with another person or entity, or forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers that would disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Site or Services.
Submit, upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, including without limitation, initiation or perpetuation of any “Spam”, “Junk Mail”, or any other potentially objectionable form of unsolicited communication.
Use the Site or Services for any purpose or in any manner that violates any local, state, or federal law or regulation or the law or regulation of any foreign government.
Collect or store personal data with respect to third parties except as contemplated by the Terms and Conditions and then only for the express purpose of providing lawful communication that may reasonably be anticipated by such third parties.
Directly or indirectly, intentionally disrupt or interfere with the Site or Services in any manner that may materially adversely affect TechMission, you or any third party.
Submit, upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other code, files or programs designed or known to disable, interrupt, or limit the functionality of any computer hardware, computer software, or telecommunications equipment or facilities.
Submit, upload, post, email or otherwise transmit without authorization any material that contains personal or private information concerning any third party person or entity, including without limitation, phone number(s) or addresses, credit/debit cards, calling cards, account numbers, social security numbers, passwords or other similar information.
Use any kind of automated tool, including but not limited to scripts, bots and other software, to try to collect information from the Site or to break into any of its servers.
9 NO RESALE OF SERVICES
You agree to use the Services solely to accommodate your own needs and not to offer the Services to any third party. You may not use or exploit any portion of the Site or Services to provide any commercial services to third parties.
10 OWNERSHIP OF CONTENT
You understand and agree that your use of the Site and Services entitles TechMission to use, monitor and preserve copies of all information and Content and to disclose such information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure will promote compliance with legal process, enforcement of the Terms and Conditions, assistance in responding to claims that Content violates the rights of third parties, protection of the personal safety of any person, or protection of the property rights of TechMission or any other person or entity.
11 LINKS
The Services may include links to other World Wide Web sites. You acknowledge and agree that such links are provided for your convenience and do not reflect any endorsement by TechMission with respect to the provider of such linked site or the quality, reliability or any other characteristic or feature of such linked site and TechMission is not responsible in any manner (including without limitation with respect to any loss or injury you suffer) for any matter associated with the linked site, including without limitation, the content provided on or through any such linked site or your reliance thereon. TECHMISSION MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY LINKED SITE: YOUR USE OF ANY LINKED SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. In addition, you should be aware that your use of any linked site is subject to the terms and conditions applicable to that site.
12 INDEMNITY
You agree to hold harmless and indemnify TechMission and its affiliates, officers, directors, and employees from and against any and all third party claims, demands, proceedings and any losses, liabilities, damages, costs, payments and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses arising out of, directly or indirectly, your use of the Site or Services including, without limitation (a) any Content thereon, and (b) any use of the Site or Services that violates the Terms and Conditions.
13 COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
The Content of the Services is owned by TechMission and third parties and is protected by the United States Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, and the copyright laws of other countries. Certain materials are used by permission of their respective owners. The Content of the Services, including graphics, images, buttons, and text, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without the prior written permission of TechMission, except that, subject to your compliance with the Terms and Conditions, TechMission authorizes you to view or download a single copy of the Content provided that you keep intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices. Modification of Content or use of Content for any other purpose is a violation of the rights of TechMission, or third parties. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of TechMission, or third parties.
TechMission reserves the right to terminate your use of the Services in appropriate circumstances if you infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any third party. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(2), TechMission’s designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement in connection with the Site is:
Andrew Sears
TechMission
48 Pleasant Street,
Dorchester, MA, 02125
To file a notice of infringement with TechMission, the requirements specified in Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 must be fulfilled. The text of this statute can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, located at http://lcweb.loc.gov/copyright/.
14 JURISDICTION AND VENUE
You and TechMission agree that this Agreement and the relationship between you and TechMission will be governed by the laws of the State of Massachusetts, without respect to its conflict of laws provisions and that venue with respect to any dispute between you and TechMission will rest exclusively in the courts of Boston and the federal court for the District Court of Massachusetts.
15 NOTICE OF CHANGES
TechMission may change the Terms and Conditions from time-to-time. If such a change is made, TechMission will post the revised Terms and Conditions on the Site. TechMission reserves the right to add to or change the Services offered or to cease offering any or all of the Services at any time. You understand and agree that TechMission may from time to time establish and revise practices and limitations concerning your use of the Site and Services.
16 GENERAL PRACTICES REGARDING STORAGE
You agree that TechMission shall have no liability for the deletion or failure to store or display any messages and other communications or other Content submitted for posting, maintained on the Site or transmitted using the Site or Services.
17 TERMINATION OF REGISTRATION
TechMission may add to, change, delete or terminate your use of the Services at any time for any reason without notice to you. TechMission shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services. TechMission reserves the right to refuse to offer Services to anyone at anytime without notice.
18 MISCELLANEOUS
The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and TechMission and governs your use of the Site and Services. There is no agency, partnership, joint venture or employee-employer relationship between you and TechMission. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use third party content or services available through the Site or Services. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of TechMission to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or condition. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the Site, Services or the Terms and Conditions must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose.
City Vision University
Transforming lives through radically affordable online education.
Facebook-f
Linkedin-in
Twitter
Youtube
Slideshare
Phone: (816) 960-2008Email: newstudents@cityvision.edu
Apply Now
Financial Aid
Privacy
Donate