https://www.mwb.org/privacy
Go!
Toggle main menu visibility
About Us
How we work
Where we work
Albania
Bosnia Herzegovinia
Bulgaria
Moldova
Romania
Ukraine
Who we help
Our history
Why Mission Without Borders?
Annual Report
Get Involved
Donate
Sponsor a Child
Sponsor a Family
Pray for our work
Leave a legacy
What else you can do
Volunteer
Giving FAQs
Stories
Contact
Donate
Privacy Statement
Mission Without Borders USA is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Mission Without Borders USA site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Mission Without Borders USA site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Mission Without Borders USA collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Mission Without Borders USA also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Mission Without Borders USA. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by Mission Without Borders USA for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Mission Without Borders USA site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Mission Without Borders USA public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Mission Without Borders USA
does not read any of your private online communications.
Mission Without Borders USA encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Mission Without Borders USA so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Mission Without Borders USA is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Mission Without Borders USA
and Mission Without Borders USA family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Mission Without Borders USA collects and uses your personal information to operate the Mission Without Borders USA
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Mission Without Borders USA also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Mission Without Borders USA and its affiliates. Mission Without Borders USA may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Mission Without Borders USA does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Mission Without Borders USA may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Mission Without Borders USA
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Mission Without Borders USA, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Mission Without Borders USA does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Mission Without Borders USA keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Mission Without Borders USA, in order to determine what Mission Without Borders USA services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Mission Without Borders USA to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Mission Without Borders USA Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Mission Without Borders USA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Mission Without Borders USA; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Mission Without Borders USA, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Mission Without Borders USA Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Mission Without Borders USA pages, or
register with Mission Without Borders USA site or services, a cookie helps Mission Without Borders USA
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Mission Without Borders USA Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Mission Without Borders USA
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Mission Without Borders USA services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Mission Without Borders USA secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Mission Without Borders USA secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Mission Without Borders USA will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Mission Without Borders USA encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Mission Without Borders USA is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Mission Without Borders USA welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Mission Without Borders USA has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Mission Without Borders USA at website@www.mwb.org.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.