https://www.memphis-umc.net/internetprivacypolicy
Toggle Navigation
Memphis Conference
About
Ministries
Finance & Benefits
News
Resources
Churches
Districts
People
Search
DEADLINES
sign up for enews
jobs
journal
districts
contact
Find a Church
Find a Clergy
Search
Home
About
News
Ministries
Events
Resources
Photo Albums
Clergy Blogs
Apps
Tech SupportConference AppsCopyright LinksInternet Privacy PolicyTalking TechWeb Ministry
The Memphis Conference of The UMCTech SupportInternet Privacy Policy
Internet Privacy Policies
What information do we collect?
Information collected through the Memphis Conference website and mobile app is used for a variety of district, conference, and denominational purposes. This information may include (but is not limited to) names, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, mailing addresses, age groups / age, local church affiliations, and relationship to the Memphis Conference of The United Methodist Church (‘the Conference’). The website will not ask you to provide social security numbers.
Do we collect analytics data?
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for the Memphis Annual Conference.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. The Conference and Google will not link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
How do we use your information?
This information is never sold or provided to unrelated third parties. It may be shared with cooperating partners to further the mission and ministry of the Conference, to conduct the Annual Conference, comply with Conference Rules, provide data requested by the denomination, and to assess the ministries of the Conference. Some information may be published in Conference Journals. We may contact you by e-mail with news items, announcements, and other urgent information. The Conference maintains an e-mail subscription list for all clergy and staff,  local church officials, and for other laity who request to be added. The Conference also maintains non-confidential contact and assignment information for local church, district and conference officials for communication and directory purposes. The mobile app includes an optional User Registration for those who want to receive notifications through the app and access to private member-only information sections.
Online Payments
The Conference does not process credit card payments directly through the website or mobile app. We use a third-party vendor (Vanco Services), so the Conference, its employees, and its individual contractors do not have access to your personal credit card data at any time.
How can you review, change, or limit what information we have?
Everyone can review or update their information at any time by contacting the Conference office by phone or by email to info@memphis-umc.org. We make every effort to comply with requests for non-publication, removal, and changes of data.
24 Corporate Blvd, Jackson, TN 38305 | Phone:
731-664-8480 | Fax:
731-660-5712
Highlights
Tours & Teams
Staff
Conference News
Conference Events
Memphis Conference Journals
Tech Support
Sign up for E-News
Mission Insite
Emergency Response Guide
BRICK RIVER DASHBOARD
Mobile App
Internet Privacy Policy
The mission of the Memphis Conference of The United Methodist Church is to
DISCOVER, EQUIP, CONNECT and SEND
lay and clergy leaders who shape congregations
that offer Jesus Christ to a hurting world, one neighborhood at a time.