https://www.daytondui.com/privacy-policy
DUI LawDUI ProcessDrugs & AlcoholOhio CitiesOhio CountiesDUI LawyerNewsAnnouncementsOhio Criminal Law
Facebook
TwitterCopyright 2019 Dayton DUI.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy PolicyDayton DUI Attorney Charles Rowland > Privacy PolicySECTION 1 – WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?daytondui respects and protects your privacy. The purpose of this policy statement is to fully share with you a complete description of what we collect, how we use that information, and how you can access or correct your information.When you contact us through our contact form, we collect your name, email address, and case type in order to respond to your message. Please do not submit any confidential, proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information (e.g. Social Security Number; date of birth; drivers license number; or credit card, bank account or other financial information). If you submit any Sensitive Information, you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable for consequences of your submission.When you browse our site, we automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about our site visitors using Google Analytics. Occasionally, I will compile aggregate statistics about the number of visitors this site receives and browsers being used. No personally identifying data is included in this type of reporting. All of my activity falls within the bounds of the Google Analytics Terms of Service. To understand more about how Google Analytics uses data visit their Privacy Policy page.Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our services and other updates. SECTION 2 – CONSENTHow do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to to request further contact we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at contact@Daytondui.com or mailing us at:Dayton DUI
2190 Gateway Dr
Fairborn, Oh 45324SECTION 3 – DISCLOSUREWe will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other user data to others, and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties. We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. SECTION 4 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. Once you leave our site’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ad Settings.Refusing other cookies:Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”.Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites.LinksWhen you click on links on our site, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.Plugins:Our website contains programmes (plug-ins). When visiting our website or profile containing such a plug-in, your browser will establish a direct link with the servers operated by that plug-in; as a result the content of the plug-in will be transferred to your browser and embedded in the website being shown.We use a plug-in operated by the social network Facebook. These programmes are exclusively operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304 USA. The plug-ins are clearly visible on our website through the use of the Facebook logo or through the add-on “like” button.If you visit our website whilst signed into your Facebook user account, information concerning your visit will be transferred to Facebook. Facebook can assign your visit to our website to your user account. Information arising from interaction with the Facebook plug-ins (such as by clicking the Facebook “like” button or by leaving a comment) will be directly transferred to and stored by Facebook. To prevent this you must log out of your Facebook account before visiting our website.Please refer to Facebook’s privacy policy for more information.We use a plug-in operated by the social network Twitter. These programmes are exclusively operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street
Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. The plug-ins are clearly visible on our website through the use of the Twitter logo or through the add-on “tweet” button.If you visit our website whilst signed into your Twitter user account, information concerning your visit will be transferred to Twitter. Twitter can assign your visit to our website to your user account. Information arising from interaction with the Twitter plug-ins (such as by clicking the Twitter “follow” button will be directly transferred to and stored by Twitter. To prevent this you must log out of your Twitter account before visiting our website.Please refer to Twitter’s privacy policy for more information.Information may also be transferred when using or sharing on other social networks. Please refer to each company’ privacy policy for more information: Pinterest, Linkedin, Reddit, Tumblr, Google +, VK, and your email provider. All plugins are clearly visible on our site through the sharing platform. SECTION 5 – SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. SECTION 6 – AGE OF CONSENTBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. SECTION 7 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.If our firm is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to provide you with service. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at contact@Daytondui.com or by mail at:[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] [Dayton DUI
2190 Gateway Dr
Fairborn, Oh 45324]I support Dayton’s Weekend Intervention Program
Additional Research LinksSometimes you may find yourself in difficult situations and not be able to defuse the situation without going to court.
Ohio Communities Served:
Beavercreek, Centerville, Clayton, Dayton, Eaton, Englewood, Enon, Fairborn, Franklin, Huber Heights, Kettering, Lebanon, Lima, Miamisburg, Oakwood, Piqua, Riverside, Springboro, Springfield, Sydney, Tipp City, Trotwood, Troy, Vandalia, Washington Court House, West Carrollton, Xenia, and Yellow Springs.Assured Clear Distance, R.C. 4511.21(A)Ohio’s Open Container Law, O.R.C. 4301.62Arrested for OVI? Should You Blow?Can the Police Take Your License If Arrested for a DUI?Reckless Operation
Quick ContactLet's Talk*Name*Email
PhoneCAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Copyright© COPYRIGHT 2020 | DAYTONDUI.COM | ATTORNEY CHARLES M. ROWLAND II
Legal DisclaimerPrivacy PolicyCUSTOMIZATION BY JOLLY GOOD MEDIA WEB DESIGNCopyright 2020 Dayton DUI