http://www.gppac.net/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Search
Close
Who we are
What we do
Where we work
What we offer
News
Resources
Stories
Member login
Privacy Statement
The Global Partnership for the Prevention of Armed Conflict (GPPAC) respects your privacy and strives to protect your personal information.
GPPAC is dedicated to taking the necessary steps to protect any provided personal data and to comply with the 넪eneral Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)'. While no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure we do our best to ensure the security of your data on our system. Nevertheless, GPPAC cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. In the unlikely event of a data breach, GPPAC will take all necessary actions to ensure the continued security of its stored data and to communicate any violations within 72 hours to those affected.
Below we explain why we may have collected your personal information and how we treat it. If you have any questions or concerns, please get in touch with us by sending an email via말nfo@gppac.net.
Why or when does GPPAC collect or receive personal information?
GPPAC has a number of reasons and purposes for obtaining personal information. We obtain this information when you:
sign a contract with GPPAC (employment, consultancy etc.);
participate in GPPAC projects and/or events;
visit GPPAC websites (gppac.net마nd맗eaceportal.org);
subscribe to the GPPAC Newsletter;
apply for a job or internship;
correspond with GPPAC for various reasons.
How do we process personal information?
Personal data is treated with the utmost care and is only available to GPPAC employees responsible for managing the information for relevant purposes. We do not share your personal data with third parties without your consent, unless prescribed by law.
Mailings
GPPAC regularly sends emails to distribute our newsletters, promote GPPAC activities or sometimes send invitations to our events. You may receive such mailings when your email address is either listed with us as someone who has given consent for the purpose of receiving information (녎pt-in'), or has registered for an event, or otherwise has a consensual relationship with GPPAC.
We use the email service Mailchimp to send mailings and keep our mailing lists up to date. For more information, please read the privacy policy ofMailchimp.
How can you stop receiving mailings?
If you want to opt out from receiving such emails or would like to change your subscription preferences, you can let us know by using the link at the bottom of the email or by sending an email to info@gppac.net. In any case, your request must reach us in order to take effect.
Does GPPAC share personal data via third party services?
As mentioned, GPPAC does not share personal data with third parties without your consent.
What about visits to GPPAC websites?
When you visit GPPAC's website we do not store any personal data that can be traced back to you. We only analyse statistical data (for example, information regarding country location, number of downloads and page visits) for the purpose of monitoring how our website is being used to help improve the user experience and content.
If you fill out a form on our websites, GPPAC processes the collected personal data only for the purposes we have communicated in the form. However, when you share your personal information on the websites, you are sharing it with GPPAC and third party services such as Google Analytics and Mailchimp. For more information, please read the privacy policies ofGoogle마ndMailchimp.
Cookies and plug-ins
Cookies are small text files that are saved by your browser or on your computer by the websites you visit. They are used in order to make websites work, or work more user-friendly, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site to enable analysis of the way you are using the website. Cookies do not contain any personal data.
GPPAC uses cookies that track information via Google Analytics. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the GPPAC website. We use this information to improve our website and increase our visits. This information includes the number of visits, the respective countries of visitors and the specific pages visited.
For more information, please read the privacy policy ofGoogle.
Social media plugins are also embedded on the GPPAC website. By using the like-button on Facebook and Twitter retweet' buttons, information of visitors to the websites are being tracked. That information is controlled and stored only by the respective social media platforms. For more information, please read the privacy policies ofFacebook마ndTwitter.
How long does GPPAC retain personal information?
GPPAC only retains information that, at a bare minimum, allows us to work with our partners and disseminate news, publications and other information to interested parties. Any additional information that is not relevant is removed and deleted.
Certain personal data is stored under observance of tax and commercial law retention periods and is deleted on expiry of that period.
How can you control your personal information?
At all times you have the right to request GPPAC to disclose, rectify, stop processing or delete your information. If you wish to exercise these rights or have any questions about this policy, please contact us at말nfo@gppac.net.
GPPAC reserves the right to make changes to this privacy statement to comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Share this article on
Twitter
Facebook