http://www.truthstar.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Horoscope 2020
Free Horoscopes
Daily Horoscopes
Horoscope 2019
Your Weekly Horoscopes
Monthly Horoscopes
Daily Astrology
Prashnavali
Ram Prashnavali – Original Prashnavali Oracle at Truthstar
Hanuman Prashnavali
Mata Prashnavali
Bhairav Prashnavali
My Sunsign
Aries
Taurus
Gemini
Cancer
Leo
Virgo
Libra
Scorpio
Sagittarius
Capricorn
Aquarius
Pisces
Numerology
Challenges
Dreams Interpretation
Expression
Soulurge
Life Path
Birthday
Vastu
Vaastu for home
Remedies
Vaastu for factories
Yoga
Asanas, Asanas benefits, list of Asanas
Cure Diseases by Yoga, Asanas According to Disease
How to Start Yoga?
Kundalini
Love
Love Weekly
Love Compatibility
Tarot
Tarot Daily
Tarot Weekly
Tarot Monthly
Tarot Card Reading
Contact
Services
Ask A Question From Rob Tillett
Ask A Question From Pandit R Dakshinamoorthi
Ask A Question from Jayashree
Horoscope Compatibility
Education stream suggestion
December 2020
| Daily | Weekly | Monthly | Yearly 2020 | Love | Career| Tarot | Health | Daily Astrology |
Ask Any Question
Privacy Policy
Truthstar is committed to the privacy of data and personal information that users enter in our website and give us. Kindly go through the privacy policy so that you know well the way truthstar uses the information entered by the readers.
1.
We guarantee that your personal information and birth details shall remain confidential. We will make our predictions as per the legal guidelines and regulations.
2.
We will not use your personal data for anything except for providing you astrological predictions.
3.
You have full rights and permission to view your profile and make changes in it whenever you want.
4.
Truthstar doesn’t sell and rent the user’s personal data
Since new services are added at certain time intervals, you should check this on our website. The privacy policy changes shall be given in this section. When you use truthstar, it is understood that you accept our privacy policy.
1-Type Of Personal Data We Collect From Users
a- Registration Data
We take users name, gender, email id, and birth details when you register on our website. We make our horoscopes with this information. The email id and its password provide security to the user profile. We cannot make your personal horoscopes if you don’t give us this information. Users are not required to provide any other personal data to us.
B-Log Files, IP Address And Cookies
Truthstar and third parties associated with it collect data about user’s actions. We do this to get impersonal demographic information. We use and note down the IP address of your computer for detecting problems that occur in the software and server used by us. The IP address is tracked so that we know about the demography and get information on the places from which our website is used by the readers. It helps us in administering our website and troubleshooting the problems that occur in it. It improves the performance of our website.
C-Order Forms
Order forms are used to collect your data for paid services and it remains confidential as per legal guidelines. We provide a guarantee that user’s personal data and information will not be used in any way by us.
D-Other Information
The information you give us by sending an email to us will not be displayed on your profile and it is meant only for solving the problems and issues for which you have sent the email to us.
2-Security
Truthstar does not store any payment information and data. The processing of the payment is highly secure. Your payment data is safe from unauthorized access. Industry standards for making an online payment and technical measures are used for processing payment on our website. However, we cannot give a guarantee for any possible risks in making an online payment.
3-Other Websites
Truthstar does contain links to a few other web pages and websites. We don’t take responsibility and neither do we give a guarantee on the privacy policy of the linked webpage on Truthstar.
4-Contacting Us
Users who have queries and doubts about this privacy policy and any other aspect of truthstar can get their queries answered by contacting us in our email address customercare@truthstar.com
Select your Sun Sign for free Horoscopes
Aries
Taurus
Gemini
Cancer
Leo
Virgo
Libra
Scorpio
Sagittarius
Capricorn
Aquarius
Pisces
Latest Articles
Why Peepal tree is worshipped?
Free Yourself from Burdens of Financial Debts
Interpretation of Some Warnings in Dreams
A Yoga Posture for Rejuvenating Body and Mind
How Vaastu Makes a Place of Worship Better
Astrological Yoga indicating more than one Wife
Significance of Mahurat in Astrology
Timely Action can protect a Marriage
Do I Need My Birth Time To Be Rectified – Birth Time Rectification
The Mystery of Longevity
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Astrology
Bollywood
Career
Cricket
Diwali
Featured
Feng Shui
Festivals
Happiness
Health
Health
Holi
Horoscope
Lal Kitab
Love & Relationship
Nakshtra
Navratri
Numerology
Pitr Paksh
Planetary Changes
Politics
Pooja
Products
Tarot
Vastu
Wallpapers
Yoga
Prashnavali