http://www.cic-wildlife.org/divisions/policy-law/core-working-fields/weapons-ammunition-and-cross-border-movement/
Primary Menu
Who We Are
The CIC
Organizational Structure
Membership
Membership Structure
Sponsorship Programme
News About Members
The Beginnings
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CIC Headquarters
General Assemblies
Awards & Prizes
Committee
Markhor Award
Hunting in Art Prize
Communications Prize
Wildlife Photo Prize
Divisions
APPLIED SCIENCE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Big Game
Small game
Migratory Species
Wildlife Diseases
Wildlife Resource Economics
Crop & Livestock Production Systems and Wildlife
Trophy Evaluation
POLICY & LAW
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting Laws and Policies
Multilateral Agreements
Weapons, Ammunition and Cross-border Movement
CULTURE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting in Art
Falconry
Traditional Hunting
Way of life
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CROSS-DIVISION ACTIVITIES
CPW
WICAC
Young opinion
Structure, Contacts
Activities
News About YO
Artemis Club
Structure, Contacts
News about Artemis Club
Partners
FAO
UNESCO
UNEP
IUCN
OIE
AEWA
CITES
CMS
CBD
FACE
ELO
IAF
CEU
CIC representations at other partners’ meetings
Collection of Other Partners’ Website
Media
Recent News
Publications
CIC Magazine
African Indaba
CIC Video Channel
Technical Series in English
Technical Series in German
Technical Series in French
Technical Series in Russian
Other CIC Publications
Publications by CIC Members
Trophy Evaluation
About the TES
The Handbook
Medals and certificates
CIC International Gold Medal
National Medals
STJ and CCM network
Frequently asked questions
Weapons and ammunition are an essential part of modern hunting practices. What and how weapons and ammunition can be used affect both the way in which hunting is practiced but may also impact upon the environment. The impact of lead from hunting ammunition on the environment is a topic which has been greatly debated in recent years and continues to be a topic of discussions. However, there is also the issue of weapon and ammunition transport, with a number of hunters travelling large distances both nationally and internationally. The CIC aims to protect both the interests of hunters and the health of the environment so that sustainable use of wildlife is not only economically but also environmentally and socially sustainable.
A major component of the gathering of the leading experts ... Read more On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom of Great Britain ... Read more Hunters all over the world are confronted with the question: ... Read more
CIC VIDEO CHANNEL
Tweets
Facebook
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. [cookie_settings] [cookie_button] [cookie_reject] [cookie_link]Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Save & Accept