http://www.childabuse.com/privacy.html
Report Abuse
Donate & Help
Contact  US
Childabuse.com
Criminal Records
Social Services
About Childabuse.com
Learning Center
Donate help us stay online
Students Guide to Family Violence & Child Abuse
Students Quick Guide & References
Education Providers
Mandatory Reporters
Internet Safety for kids
Child Safety for kids
Teens Drug & Alcohol help
Self Esteem, Parenting Toddlers, Panic disorders
Our Authors
Featured Authors Articles
Giving Back Lifethe gift of giving back
Mark's Corner Heartlight Ministries
CW Seymore
Ark of Hope
Nancy Kilgore, MS
Joy's Corner
Susi's Corner
Dr. Matt's Corner
Dr. Sam's Corner- archived
Family Violence
Violence Against Women
International Day 11/25 Elimination of Violence against Women
Characteristics of a Child Molester
Familly Violence Help
Family Violence learn here
Family ViolenceSupport Groups
Six factors shown to reduce Child Abuse
Teen Bullying & Drug/Alcohol Abuse
Is Your Teen Being BulliedWhat Are The Signs?
Child Abuse Stats
Child Marriages
Sex Trafficking Children
Human Trafficking
Laws & Policies
State Laws on abuse
Trends in child abuse
Child Abuse Reporting Laws
Missing Children's Day
Searching for Your Child
Friends Helping
Friends Helping
Donate help us stay online
Parents Resources
Parents Store
online parent resources
Self Help Serieshappier living
Terms & Privacy End User Agreement
Chase Enterprises, LLC
Online Privacy Policy and Practices
Updated
Childabuse.com by Chase Enterprises, LLC Commitment to Privacy
Childabuse.com by Chase Enterprises, LLC respects your
right to privacy. Childabuse.com will not sell or share any personal information
you provide us while using this site with any third party unless
you give us prior consent. Your ability to make informed choices
about the uses of your information is important to us.
This page explains Childabuse.com policy regarding the online collection
of personal information. The terms of this privacy policy apply to information collected from this site unless different terms are specified in an online or other form or contract we provide you.
We adhere to the guidelines of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. We do not gather any information about children or adults who visit our Angries Out web site. Children who write in are asked to give a made up name or initials for identification of their specific issue. We do not ask for names and addresses.
The links below provide more detailed information about childabuse.com's online privacy policy:
Information We Collect from this Web Site and its Uses
How We Store and Protect Your Personal Information
Opting Out
Rules Regarding Password Protection
What Are Cookies, and Do You Have to Accept Them?
Message Boards
Use of this Web Site by Children
Links to Other Web Sites
Updating or Correcting Your Personal Information
Privacy Information About Microsoft Wallet
Questions or Concerns
Changes to This Policy
Information We Collect from this Web Site and Its Uses
When you visit our web site, some information such as your internet address, Internet Service Provider, operating system, the site from which you linked, and the time and date of your visit and purchases may be collected automatically as part of the software operation of the site. We use
this information to compile aggregate statistics about the total number of daily visitors to our site, the pages most frequently visited, and how long people stay at each page.
This allows us to understand our customers' needs and to develop products and services to serve those needs.
We also may collect personal information, including phone number,
postal address, credit card information, ship to addresses, other email addresses, and other information you choose to provide at various times, such as when you complete an online form or request such as to make purchases from our on-line secure store.
The personal information we collect online is used to process your requests, to provide you the highest quality of service, to tell you about opportunities we think will be of interest, and to understand your needs so that we can serve you better.
For example, we may use your email or postal address to alert you about product recalls or safety issues or tell you about opportunities we think will be of special interest.
If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us, we make it easy for you to let us know.
You can contact us at any time by email or postal mail to decline promotional material.
(See Opting Out, below).
How We Store and Protect Your Personal Information
Information collected online is electronically
stored and may be kept with membership information.
separately. Childabuse.com does not sell, rent,
share, or disclose information that identifies you personally to any other organization. We give vendors, suppliers, and others involved
in the electronic commerce distribution chain only the information they need to provide you the products or services you order, and
require them to keep your information confidential and not use it for other purposes. childabuse.com is not responsible for any additional information you provide to these parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information to them.
Apart from this, we disclose personal information only in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to:
1) comply with legal process;
2) respond to any claims; or
3) protect the rights, property, or personal safety childabuse.com, our customers, or the public.
Opting Out
If, at any time, you wish to stop receiving promotional information from Childabuse.com, please email us at
You may also write to us at:
Childabuse.com
Chase Enterprises, LLC
Customer Service
1231 W. Northern Lights Blvd.
P.O. Box 458
Anchorage, Alaska 99503
Rules Regarding Password Protection
Childabuse.com protects your account information
through the use of a password. To
protect the confidentiality of your information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose
it to any other person. If you forget your password, we will send you a temporary password via email, which you will need to change immediately to maintain your privacy. If other people have access to your email, however, they may be able to obtain access to your password and obtain
personal information about you (such as your credit card information), or change information about your user profile.
You should not use an email account operated by an employer because many employers have the legal right to access such email accounts.
What Are Cookies and Are You Required to Accept Them?
Our site gives you the option to accept or decline cookies.
Cookies are small pieces of text stored on your computer that help us know where you've been on our site and what pages to present to you next.
They also tell us what pages are being viewed and which are not.
This helps us redesign the site to make your experience easier and more fun.
Message Boards
You should be aware that any information you disclose on message boards is publicly accessible, and that childabuse.com and Childabuse.com is not responsible for any uses of your information that may result.
However, Arctic Originals, Inc. will not disclose information you post on message boards unless required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of its customers, or the public. Childabuse.com retains the right to remove any message or information from a message board for any reason, including, without limitation, offensive, or defamatory messages.
Use of this Web Site by Children
Childabuse.com encourages parents to take an active interest in their children's use of the internet. Childabuse.com does not intend to collect information from children who identify themselves as under 18 years of age.
If you are under 18, you should not provide information on this site and should ask your parent to do so for you.
Links to Other Sites
Links from our site are provided for your convenience. Childabuse.com is not responsible for the content of these web sites or their privacy practices.
A link from our web site to another web site does not indicate our endorsement of its services or policies and we encourage you to learn about their practices before providing them with information.
Updating or Correcting Your Personal Information
You may update or correct your shopping account information at any time by emailing us at
or
writing to us at:
Childabuse.com
Chase Enterprises, LLC
Customer Service
1231 W. Northern Lights Blvd.
PO BOX 458
Anchorage, Alaska 99503
Changes to this Policy
Childabuse.com, Chase Enterprises, LLC reserves the right to change this privacy
policy at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the privacy policy the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use this web site to make sure you understand how your information will be used.
Donate & help us stay online
Child Abuse Statistics
Suspect Abuse Report it
Criminal Recordsbackground search
Featured Authors Corner
For Educators
Shop Childabuse.com
Good Guys helping
Contact Us
Social Media
Find us on Facebook
Tweet
Childabuse & Prevent Family Violence >>
By posting on any of these social media sites, you are bound by legal terms of use.
Organizations for Abused Kids
Heartlight Ministries
Protect Children Online
Missing & Exploited Children
Child Help
Dr. Matt free 50 ways to be happier
Child Welfare Information Gateway
International Child Abuse Network
National Council Child Abuse & Family Violence
Face Scum- Child Predators
Childabuse.com by Chase Enterprises © 1998- all rights reserved.
Terms of Use
|
Your Privacy
|
Web Privacy Policy
|
Site map
|
Advertise with us
Childabuse.com, "site" is only intended for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for medical advice from a physician, or other professional educator. Please check with a physician or licensed professional should you require a diagnosis, psychiatric, or medical treatments/intervention; as well as information regarding any specific condition. If you are experiencing emergent/urgent medical condition requiring immediate medical or psychiatric care, call 9-1-1.
Childabuse.com by Chase Enterprises, LLC does not endorse any referred website sites, or products offered. You are bound by our legal terms of use of these websites as per their use policies.