http://www.furfest.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy — Midwest FurFest
help
Contact Us
Press & Media
Parent's Guide
Minor Consent Forms
Lost & Found
Code of Conduct
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThe Midwest Furry Fandom, Inc. (“MFF") Privacy Policy governs MFF’s collection and use of personal information from staff members, convention attendees, and visitors to our website. Providing requested personal information in connection with serving as MFF staff, attending Midwest FurFest, or visiting MFF’s website constitutes your consent to the terms of this policy.What information does MFF collect, and why?MFF collects, uses, and stores personal information such as your legal name, physical address, date of birth, and contact information (including Email address and phone numbers). We use this information to make online services available to you, share relevant event information with you, and to comply with MFF’s staffing, legal, and contractual obligations.MFF also automatically receives and records non-personal information on server logs including your computer’s or mobile device’s IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested.How does MFF share information with third parties?MFF may disclose your personal information when:We have your express consent to share the information for a specified purpose.We need to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or such other legal process.We need to ensure your personal safety and wellbeing at one of our events.We need to protect the personal safety of the users of our websites or defend the rights or property of MFF.We must enforce MFF’s policies or its legal and contractual rights.When required for MFF’s internal operations after removing identifying information such as your name, contact information, and badge number.Is my personal information secure?MFF uses reasonable safeguards to protect personal information that you provide including access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security measures, some of which are maintained by contracted third party agents and service providers. In addition, MFF retains your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes identified above or as required by law, contract, or MFF policy.Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure so please be careful when deciding whether to provide personal information to MFF.What else do I need to know?MFF may, in its sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time, so please review this policy periodically. Anyone may find the most recent version of this policy, and other policies, on our wiki. Your continued use of MFF websites or participation in MFF activities after any such amendments constitutes your agreement to the terms of the revised policy.If you wish to revoke your consent to the terms of this privacy policy, you may do so by contacting legal@furfest.org. If you do so, MFF will delete personal information you may have provided. You may need to re-register for MFF services or activities if you want to participate in them in the future.
Questions? Comments? Concerns?
Contact Us
Convention LocationDonald E. Stephens Convention Center5555 N River RoadRosemont, IL 60018Mailing AddressMidwest FurFest5600 N River Road, Suite 800Rosemont, IL 60018 For Press/Media inquiries, please click here.If you are a parent, check out our Parent's Guide.
Back to Top
Privacy Policy Code of Conduct©2020 Midwest Furry Fandom, Inc.December 3 - 5, 2021 • Donald E. Stephens Convention Center