https://www.bowie-jensen.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyDISCLAIMER: Requesting a legal consultation or claim review does not form an attorney client relationship and you are not considered a client until a retainer agreement has been signed and your case has been accepted. The contents of this site are provided for informational purposes only and do not constitute legal or medical advice. This content should not be relied upon as a substitute for an individual's legal consultation. Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter.No information collected on this website or by us is provided to any person outside of our staff to mail and email newsletters, collect money, or otherwise communicate with you.While we do take effort to protect the storage of your personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee that a third party will not hack into our system and obtain the information.When you enter your credit card number, it is entered on a connection that is encrypted using SSL. You can see our certificate generally by going to File, Properties of the page you are on. When you hit submit, the credit card number is encrypted and sent to our processor on their secured website. Once the approval is granted, their site sends back an approval code BUT NOT THE CREDIT CARD NUMBER. This protects you in case our computers are hacked. Any person accessing our computers would not obtain your credit card information. The only way for someone to obtain your credit card information would be to either intercept the encrypted traffic between our website and the processor and decode the encrypted page, or hack into the processor.We may also be required to disclose your information if a legal authority requests it, and we determine that we must disclose it. If this occurs, we may try, but we are not required to ensure, that we tell you of the request. 210 W. Pennsylvania Avenue, Suite 400 Towson, Maryland 21204
Get Directions
Contact UsPhone (410) 583-2400 Fax (410) 583-2437 Email info@bowie-jensen.com