http://www.railwaychildren.org.uk/who-we-are/privacy-policy/cookie-policy/
Home Page
Who we are
Privacy policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction to cookies
Like many sites, we use cookies on railwaychildren.org.uk. Cookies are small text files that are stored by the browser on a device when you visit a website. Some are necessary for the site to function properly and to store users' preferences. Cookies allow the website to recognise when you are returning to the website and to respond appropriately.
What we use cookies for
Strictly necessary cookies: we use cookies that are necessary for the operation of our website – for example enabling users to make a donation.
Performance cookies: we use cookies to anonymously track user behaviour and demographics on our website. This helps us to improve the website so that we can ensure it is as engaging and effective as possible.
Advertising and remarketing cookies: to help us be most effective with our budgets, we use a range of cookies which record your visit to our website and your activity on it, to make our advertising more efficient and track how well our adverts are performing. Occasionally we display adverts on other websites to users who have visited our website. It is a useful tool for us to retain awareness of our campaigns and how they can be supported.
Third party cookies: We use functionality from social websites such as Facebook, Twitter and Google +1 to allow you to share content from our site on these social networks and use their functionality. These sites use third party functionality cookies to allow this to work.Read more at https://www.scope.org.uk/cookies#lDp3Ly6ZkDiXMO43.99
Changing your cookie preferences
The "Help" menu in the toolbar of most web browsers will tell you how to change your browser's cookie settings, including how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether. Below is some helpful guidance about how to make these changes.
How to disable cookies
If you are using Microsoft Internet Explorer and you wish to block Railway Children’s website cookies, you can perform the following:
1. On your browser tools menu, select 'Internet Options'2. Click on the 'Privacy' tab and then on the 'Sites' button3. Type into the 'Address of website' field:4. www.railwaychildren.org.uk5. Click on the 'Block' button6. Click on the OK button7. Other browsers: - Firefox cookie management- Chrome cookie management- Safari cookie management
Find more detailed information on disabling cookies from www.allaboutcookies.org.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
hello@railwaychildren.org.uk
01270 757 596
X
Sign up for our news
First Name
Last Name
Email
We'd love to keep you updated about our work. To do so we'll use the details provided, but we promise to never share them with other organisations.
What would you like to hear about? Please tick the relevant boxes below.
News
Events
Sign-up
We use cookies to give you the best experience and to help improve our website
More information
Close