http://www.whybike.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
Information about our Organisation and Web site
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental
role in the activities of an organisation like WhyBike.com.
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without
disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Web site
Our Web site enables you to communicate with other visitors or
to post information to be accessed by others. When you do so,
other visitors may collect your data.
Automatic Collection of Information
We automatically log personal data by means such as programming
or we link information automatically logged by such means with
personal data about specific individuals. We do so for the following
purposes:
* Attribution of comments
We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal
information stored in cookies with personal data about specific
individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using
our services.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources,
such as public records or bodies, or private organisations.
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, we offer
you the means to consent to this new purpose: Contact Form
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children.
We do not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children
who disclose their personal data to us.
We do not provide information about our personal data practices
in relation to children on our home page, or at those sites on
our Web site where we collect personal data.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other
organisations.
Confidentiality / Security
We do not give visitors to our Web site the option of using a
secure transmission method to send us their personal data.
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures
to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
* unauthorised access
* improper use or disclosure
* unauthorised modification
* unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and
are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged
to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State
institutions and authorities except if required by law or other
regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us, by:
* Use the comment form
whether we are keeping personal data about you.
Upon request, which you can indicate by:
* Use the comment form
We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data
which we keep about you, within a week - although we may before
require proof of your identity. We will provide the information
without any charge.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and,
where appropriate, you may have the data:
* rectified or amended
We reserve the right to refuse to provide our visitors with a
copy of their personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal.
We do, however, allow you to challenge our decision to refuse
to provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Privacy Compliance
There are no national laws or self-regulatory schemes applicable
to our web site or organisation.
There are no global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory
schemes applicable to our web site or organisation.
We cannot demonstrate that our privacy policy accords with the
privacy instrument.
Privacy Support
We do not provide our visitors with a contact point for privacy
concerns or enquiries.
We do not recommend another means by which visitors' concerns
may be addressed.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Terms of use
You are responsible for your own posts and agree not to
hold WhyBike.com liable for any messages posted.
You will not copy and retransmit any information out of
this site without first getting the permission of the original
author of the message and a WhyBike.com administrator.
All unauthorized image usage will be billed at $500.00
per image and all unauthorized web page content usage will
be billed at $2,000.00 per page.
RSS Feeds
WhyBike.com provides RSS feeds for the uncommercial private use of our audience. If you would like to syndicate our content on your site, please contact me for permission.
Use of this site contitutes an agreement to these terms.
We reserve the right to edit any and all content that has been
placed on Whybike.com.
We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Service from time
to time without notice and are retro active.
Home
| Advertise with Us | About
| Contact | Privacy Policy/Terms
of Use | Site Map
Copyright 2001 - 2020 WhyBike.com. All rights reserved.
Use of this site contitutes an agreement our Terms of Use agreement.