http://www.catholicity.com/privacy.html
Prayer Medals
Free Booklets
Free CDs
Free Novels
Free Books
Resources
Donate
Privacy Policy
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, request a link, or fill out a form on our site.
When appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?The information we collect from you may be used in any of the following ways:
To improve our website.
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service.
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails.
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or submit other personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. If you request materials and/or make a donation, the information is then encrypted into our payment gateway provider's database. If you sign up as a monthly donor, the information is encrypted in our own database. Either way, the information is only accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems.
Do we use cookies?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider stores on your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us process orders and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use personally identifiable information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
What about third party links?Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to third party sites. These sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Do we protect the privacy of children?We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), as we do not knowlingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date at the bottom of this page.
Contacting UsIf you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may write to us at:
CatholiCity
PO Box 26101
Fairview Park, OH 44126
...or contact us online:
http://www.catholicity.com/contact.html
LAST MODIFIED: November 16, 2017
FREE Book!
Discover a New World
Change Your Life Forever
Order NowMore Info
Get the CatholiCity Message
Subscribe