http://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/pages/NACJD/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
We collect no information about you, other than information
automatically collected and stored (see below) when you visit
our website, unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Information Automatically Collected and Stored
When you browse through any website, certain personal information about you can be collected.
We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
The IP address of the computer you used to access our website (for example, 141.211.92.1). This IP address is often translated into a domain name, such as stanford.edu, if you are connecting from Stanford University's domain.
Geographic coordinates based upon your IP address. These coordinates usually describe the location of your provider (such as Stanford University) rather than the actual location of your computer.
The date and time of your visit
The pages you visited
The address of the website you came from when you visited our site
The operating system of your computer
The version and type of Web browser you use when you visit our website
We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you.
Personally Provided Information
Unless you choose to download data files from this website, you will not be asked to provide us with
additional identifying information.
In the event that you choose to download data files, you will be asked to create a MyData account,
which entails filling out a brief form that requests the following information:
Email address
MyData password (you create this)
Name
Academic status (student, faculty, staff, etc.)
Department, discipline, or academic unit
Whether or not we can share your name, email address, and download information with your
institution's appointed ICPSR representative
After filling out the form, you will be asked your email address and MyData password for subsequent
downloads, but will not be asked to fill out the form again. Your MyData account will be used to track
which data files you have downloaded from our website. This is done so that we can provide aggregated
usage statistics to various agencies to justify continued funding.
We may contact you via email and ask you to verify/update the information in your MyData account on
an annual or biannual basis. We may also contact you infrequently to notify you of changes in access or
privacy policies. In rare cases we may contact you with information related to a specific dataset you have
downloaded (i.e., if there was a problem with a file that you downloaded).
If you choose to provide us with additional information about
yourself through an e-mail message, form, survey, etc., we will
maintain the information securely to the extent allowable by law and take every precaution to protect it.
Disclosure
We do not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors, unless
required for law enforcement or by statute, or upon mutual agreement between you and ICPSR.
Please note that some studies distributed by this institution contain sensitive data, or are
acquired with specific contractual obligations, that require us to share identifying usage information
with funding agencies and/or the principal investigators. If you wish to acquire those data, you will
be asked to provide additional information.
Intrusion Detection
For site security purposes and to ensure that this
service remains available to all users, we employ software
programs to monitor traffic and to identify unauthorized attempts to
upload
or change information or to otherwise cause damage.
In the
event of authorized law enforcement investigations, and pursuant
to any required legal process, information from these sources may
be used to help identify an individual.