http://www.techdirt.com/adpolicies.php
Sign In
Register
Preferences
Techdirt
Techdirt
Greenhouse
Tech & COVID
Free Speech
Deals
Jobs
Support Techdirt
Techdirt Advertising & Sponsorship Policies
last updated: February 25, 2013
This is an evolving document that describes policies relating to advertising, sponsored content and other
such aspects of Techdirt and Floor64. As we roll out more specific advertising programs, we will be adding
accompanying information here.
As a general policy, you can always be certain of one thing: Techdirt retains total editorial independence
from all of our advertisers and sponsors, and we stand behind all of our original content.
In the case of sponsored content, which is always clearly marked as such, the advertiser may be involved
in determining the general subject matter and area of discussion. However, the specific content is still
independently produced by us and/or held to our normal editorial standards. The opinions expressed are those
of the author and/or our editorial team as a whole. In some cases, we may make use of data or other
information sources supplied by the advertiser, and this will also be clearly divulged.
Advertising content (any posts, videos or other content that is supplied by an advertiser for paid
placement) is clearly marked as such, and reflects only the views of the advertiser. Some advertisements are
delivered via ad networks over which we do not have direct control. While we've taken steps to filter out
low-quality advertising, occasionally offensive or undesirable ads may slip through. We will make an effort
to keep these occurrences to a minimum, but if you should see an ad that you believe should not appear on
Techdirt, let us know.
Additionally, we sometimes make use of affiliate programs (e.g. Amazon Associates) when linking to books
and other purchasable items online.
View Techdirt's Privacy Policy.
<< Back to Techdirt...
Tools & Services
Twitter
Facebook
RSS
Podcast
Research & Reports
Company
About Us
Advertising Policies
Privacy
Contact
Help & Feedback
Media Kit
Sponsor/Advertise
Submit a Story
More
Copia Institute
Insider Shop
Support Techdirt
Brought to you by Floor64
CA Advertising Privacy Preferences
This site, like most other sites on the web, uses cookies. For more information, see our privacy policy.
Got it