https://www.omegafi.com/privacy-policy
Support  |   Log in |
Get Access
Solutions
Financial Management
Communication
Database
Recruitment
About
Our History
Meet the Team
Partnerships
Testimonials
Resources
Blog
Support
Connect with Sales
OmegaFi Privacy Policy
At Omega Financial, LLC (“OmegaFi”) your privacy and the security of your data is a top priority. We want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. This Privacy and Data Security Policy describes the privacy policies applicable to OmegaFi’s business operations and websites. Effective July 6, 2010.
Why We Collect Personal Information: We collect personal information because our customers have retained us to collect and maintain it. We also collect personal information to fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research and because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service.
Information We May Collect:
Information You or Your Fraternal Organization May Provide. One of OmegaFi’s primary services is to collect, maintain and manage individually identifiable information about chapters, their undergraduate members and new members, their alumni/ae, parents, donors and friends. As a result, we maintain contact information, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, social security numbers, giving and payment information, birth dates, graduation dates, gender, information about your transactions with us or others, information from your transactions with us and other personally identifiable information about individuals. We obtain this information from you, your chapter, alumni/ae organizations associated with your chapter, your college/university, your Inter/National Headquarters and other membership-based organizations of which you may be a member or potential member. We also obtain this information from transactions you initiate with us and some of our business partners and from information you provide to us.
Information You Submit. Among other things, when you submit a news item about yourself, make a payment, purchase or contribution, register for an event, request specific information, submit a resume, send email or another form of communication to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and enhance your experience with us and our customers.
Cookies. Like so many other company and organization websites, we use an Internet device called a cookie and other technologies to store login or other information on your computer, mobile phone or other device. Cookies and other technologies simplify your access and make our website work for you. In some instances, we offer you the choice of having your user name stored in a cookie so that you do not have to reenter it when you return to this site. We do not store bank account information or credit card numbers in cookies. No other site can read a cookie, and we cannot read a cookie that another website wrote to your computer. Most Internet browsers are set to accept cookies. To fully use our website, you must enable your Internet browser to accept cookies. If you choose not to accept cookies, some aspects of this website may not display properly or you may not be able to access certain information.
Log Information. When you access our website, our servers automatically record information your browser sends to us. We collect some non-personally identifiable information about your experience with our website through standard weblogs, including IP address, what browser is being used, pages you visit and the domain name from which you entered our site. Some data may be traced to an individual, but we do not normally seek to identify individuals unless we believe that someone is using our site improperly.
Information Sharing: We never rent, sell or provide any personally identifiable information about you to other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you or our customers have requested, when we have your permission or under the following circumstances:
Affiliated Members and Organizations. In order to enhance and strengthen brother/sisterhood and the benefits of membership in the membership-based organization(s) to which you belong, some personally identifiable information about you and some information you submit (like payment information, a news item, contribution or event RSVP) will be available to other members of the organization(s) to which you belong and the legal entities associated with the membership-based organizations to which you belong, including your inter/national headquarters, alumni/ae associations, chapters and other related entities (collectively referred to as “Affiliated Member-Based Organizations”). These other members and Affiliated Member-Based Organizations may use tools like RSS feeds, mobile phone address books or copy and paste functions to capture and export information about you from this website. Members and friends agree, as a condition of use, to use the search functions solely for the convenience of the members and friends so that they may establish contact with other members and/or friends for the sole purpose of conducting the business of the organization. Email, addresses and other contact information may not be used for any personal or commercial gain, including, but not limited to business ventures, philanthropic causes, political campaigns, etc.
Publicly Available Information. Certain categories of information such as your name, profile photo, mailing address, phone number and email address are considered publicly available and may be published on the Internet. If you post information on any OmegaFi-developed website, you should be aware that information you share is visible to other users and the general public. Personal information you submit might be read, collected or used by other individuals.
Authorized Service Partners. To protect your confidential information, we only work with companies, vendors and strategic partners that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of the information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell to other third parties the information we provide to them. In order to serve your needs, we may share information with trusted service providers who perform certain services on our behalf including, but not limited to:
Credit card processors and financial institutions when necessary to process payments made by you and to comply with applicable law;
Lawyers and collection agents only when instructed and authorized by our customers to fulfill the terms of our agreement with our customers;
The U.S. Post Office, overnight delivery couriers, and other printing, mail house and communications specialists in order to communicate with you;
Trusted companies, vendors and strategic partners with whom OmegaFi or one of your Affiliated Member-Based Organizations has a strategic relationship or that performs work for OmegaFi or one of your Affiliated Member-Based Organizations to provide products or services to you.;
Companies that provide products or services that you have requested.
Website Applications & Services. OmegaFi-developed websites may contain links and applications to other websites including but not limited to Facebook, Linked-In, Google and others. We do not own third-party applications you use or interact with through any OmegaFi-developed website. By using these third-party links, applications and services, you may make some information about you available to them. To help those applications and sites operate, they may receive publicly available information automatically when you visit them, and additional information when you formally authorize or connect your account with an OmegaFi-developed website to them. You should review the privacy policies for these specific applications and websites for more information. Should you find a link to information you find objectionable, please contact us. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by OmegaFi.
User-Generated Content. Some of our website features enable users to submit their own content to access or comment on blogs, contests, videos, message boards and other functions (“User-Generated Content”). Please remember that any information you disclose in this capacity becomes public information and is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected or used by other individuals for any purpose. OmegaFi is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit as User-Generated Content. Any User-Generated Content, comments or materials you post to a website or send to us including feedback data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like regarding the content of any such documents (collectively “Feedback”), shall be deemed to be non-confidential. We shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works and distribute the Feedback to others without limitation. Further, we shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such Feedback.
Legal Situations. We may disclose information pursuant to subpoenas, court orders or other requests (including criminal or civil matters) if we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law. We may also share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to defend against legal claims, to prevent imminent bodily harm, to protect and defend the rights and property of OmegaFi, our customers and others, to take action regarding illegal activity and to enforce our website terms, conditions and policies.
How We Protect Your Information. We take appropriate safety measures (including physical, electronic and procedural safeguards) to protect against unauthorized access as well as anticipated and unanticipated hazards to the information that we store about you. We keep your personal information on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers, bank account information and passwords), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). SSL encrypts your personal information before it leaves your computer, ensuring that no one else can read it. We also use automated and social measures to enhance security, analyze account behavior for fraudulent or otherwise anomalous behavior, may limit use of site features in response to possible signs of abuse, may remove inappropriate content or links to illegal content and may suspend or disable accounts for violations of this policy and other website terms and conditions. We also train our employees to protect customer information. OmegaFi employees who have access to confidential information must treat it confidentially and may not disclose it to unauthorized parties. Employees who violate OmegaFi’s privacy policy are subject to a range of disciplinary actions, including termination.
Web Site Data Collection. A visitor to the OmegaFi website or customer websites developed by OmegaFi who does not log-in, request information or initiate a transaction, is not asked to reveal any individually identifiable information. We collect some non-personally identifiable information about visitors through standard weblogs, including IP address, what browser is being used and the domain name from which a visitor entered our site. Some data may be traced to an individual, but we do not normally seek to identify individuals unless we believe that someone is using an OmegaFi site improperly.
Privacy of Children. The OmegaFi website and services provided by OmegaFi are not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our website in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and do not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age.
Visiting from Outside the United States. OmegaFi is headquartered in the United States of America. Please be aware that any information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of services provided by OmegaFi may be processed and transferred to the United States and be subject to United States law. The privacy and data collection laws in the United States may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using and participating in any OmegaFi-developed website or providing us your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of information to and in the United States.
Updates to this Privacy Policy. To keep up with the rapidly evolving Internet environment and changing legal requirements, OmegaFi will from time to time review and revise this Privacy Policy. When any change is made to this policy, we will revise the effective date at the beginning of this policy. Individuals, chapters, headquarters and customers are encouraged to check back often to learn about any changes to this policy.
Important Information for California Residents
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Information. You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Whether we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Whether we’ve sold your Personal Information, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Opt-out of sales. If we sell your Personal Information, you can opt-out.] [In addition, if you direct us not to sell your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your personal information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Opt-in. If we know that you are younger than 16 years old, we will ask for your permission (or if you are younger than 13 years old, your parent’s or guardian’s permission) to sell your Personal Information before we do so.
Nondiscrimination. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination in the form of legally prohibited increases in the price or decreases in the quality of our Service.
How to exercise your rights
You may exercise your California privacy rights described above as follows:
Right to information, access and deletion. You can request to exercise your information, access and deletion rights by:
Visiting OmegaFi.com
Calling us toll free at 800.276.6342
Emailing info@omegafi.com
We reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and will need to confirm your identity to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. As
part of this process, government identification may be required. Consistent with California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government-issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it.
For More Information: For more information regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact OmegaFi, 1300 Sixth Avenue, Columbus, GA 31901, phone: 800.276.6342, info@omegafi.com.
1300 Sixth AvenueColumbus, GA 31901
•
info@omegafi.com
Company
Contact Us
Careers
Press
Causes We Champion
Security
Secure Data
Secure Funds
Business Continuity
PCI Compliance
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use
Connect With Us
@omegafi
© 2018 OmegaFi. All Rights Reserved  The Officer Purchasing Visa Prepaid Card is issued by Republic Bank & Trust Company, member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.