http://www.wirringabaiya.org.au/client-privacy-policy
Home
About
About Us
Governing Committee
COVID-19
Employment
Events
Donate
Services
Legal Advice
Court Support
Law Reform
Community Legal Education
Cultural Awareness Training
Outreach and Drop-Ins
Resources
Fact Sheets
Useful Contacts
Useful Resources
Contact
Client Privacy Policy
Disclaimer and Privacy
Your Privacy on this WebsiteClient Privacy Policy
DISCLAIMERThe information provided on this website is provided for general information only and it is not intended to be legal advice nor is it a substitute for legal advice. For legal advice please call our telephone advice line. The use of the information is the sole responsibility of the website user who must assess its suitability for their purpose. It is recommended that advice from a lawyer be obtained before acting on the information provided. Wirringa Baiya Aboriginal Women’s Legal Centre endeavours to ensure that the information is accurate and up-to-date and does not assume responsibility for any errors or omissions in the published material.COPYRIGHTAll articles and information provided on this website remain the copyright of Wirringa Baiya Aboriginal Women’s Legal Centre. Permission is granted for individuals and not for profit organisations to download and reproduce articles and information, providing WIrringa Baiya is cited as the source.LINKSThe Wirringa Baiya Women’s Legal Centre website contains links to other sites. The inclusion of a link to another site from this site does not imply any endorsement of that site’s privacy policies, practices or content.PRIVACY STATEMENTClient Privacy PolicyWirringa Baiya Aboriginal Women’s Legal Centre understands the importance of protecting the privacy and the rights of individuals in relation to their personal information.  We respect your rights to privacy under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) and we comply with all of the Privacy Act’s requirements in respect of the collection, management and disclosure of your personal information.Except that we cannot deal with you anonymously when you are seeking legal advice and we may not disclose to you all the information we hold about you. These exceptions arise from our role and obligations as legal practitioners.WHEN CONTACTING THE CENTREWe may collect the following types of personal information: identification and contact details, such as your name, mailing or street address, email address, telephone number and your age or birth date;financial information, such as your housing, occupation, financial status and income, other personal or sensitive information, not covered above which we may be required to collect as a result of providing you with legal advice;details of the services you have requested from us, which you have enquired about, or which we have provided to you, together with any additional information necessary to deliver those services and to respond to your enquiries; andany additional information relating to you that you provide to us in-person, by telephone in writing or via email.
We are required to collect your name, address, date of birth and other personal information relevant to providing you with legal advice under the Legal Profession Act 2004 (NSW) and the Legal Profession Regulation 2005 (NSW).TO WHOM MAY WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION?We may disclose your personal information to: our employees,
contractors or service providers for the purposes of providing our legal services, fulfilling requests by you, and to otherwise provide services to you including IT systems administrators,
couriers, data entry service providers, electronic network administrators, and professional advisors such as accountants, solicitors, barristers and consultants;any organisation for any authorised purpose with your express consent.in accordance with NSW Solicitors’ professional conduct rules, information permitted or required to be disclosed by law, or in circumstances where the law would probably compel its disclosure… for the sole purpose of avoiding the probable commission or concealment of a serious criminal offence.we do not direct market, nor do we provide your personal information to other organisations for the purposes of direct marketing.
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS AND CORRECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?You may request access to any personal information we hold about you at any time by contacting us (see the details below).
Where we hold information that you are entitled to access, we will try to provide you with suitable means of accessing it (for example, by mailing or emailing it to you). There may be instances where we cannot grant you access to the personal information we hold.
For example, we may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality.
If that happens, we will give you written reasons for any refusal.If you believe that personal information we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, then you may request us to amend it.
We will consider if the information requires amendment.
If we do not agree that there are grounds for amendment then we will add a note to the personal information stating that you disagree with it.WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR COMPLAINING ABOUT A BREACH OF PRIVACY?If you believe that your privacy has been breached, please contact the Coordinator using the contact information below and provide details of the incident so that we can investigate it.We request that complaints about breaches of privacy be made in writing, so we can be sure about the details of the complaint. If you are unable to write a letter, you can ask to talk to the Coordinator. You may wish to have a support person or be represented by another person such as a friend or family member.The Coordinator deals with privacy complaints and any complaints should be directed to our Coordinator using the contact details below.The Coordinator will deal with your complaint by:        1. Reading your written complaint, and/or talking to you or your representatives       2. Reviewing any relevant file or written records kept by the centre       3. Talking to the staff member(s) concernedWithin 28 days, you will receive a response from the Coordinator.
This will let you know whether any
action has been taken as a result of your complaint and, if not, why not.If you remain unsatisfied with our response you may complain to the Privacy Commissioner by telephone: 1300 363 992, by email enquiries@oaic.gov.au or by post: GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001.SECURITYWe take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is protected from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
We may hold your information in either electronic or hard copy form. We cannot provide any assurance regarding the security of transmission of information you communicate to us online.
We also cannot guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet. Accordingly, any personal information or other information which you transmit to us online via email is transmitted at your own risk.LINKSOur website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties.
We make no representations or warranties in relation to the privacy practices of any third-party website and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of any third party website.
Third party websites are responsible for informing you about their own privacy practices.CONTACTING USIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, any concerns or a complaint regarding the treatment of your privacy or a possible breach of your privacy, please contact the Coordinator.We will treat your requests or complaints confidentially.
Our representative will contact you within a reasonable time after receipt of your complaint to discuss your concerns and outline options regarding how they may be resolved.
We will aim to ensure that your complaint is resolved in timely and appropriate manner.Contact details for the Coordinator:CoordinatorWirringa Baiya Aboriginal Women’s Legal CentrePost: PO Box 785 Marrickville 1475Tel: 9569 3847Fax: 9569 4210Email: info@wirringabaiya.org.au CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYThe privacy policy may be updated from time to time.
Please review it regularly.This privacy policy was last updated: June 2020.
QUICK EXIT
Wirringa Baiya receives funding from the NSW Government, the Commonwealth Government and the Public Purpose Fund.
DONATE NOW
Website designed and developed by
Copyright 2019
Altitude Strategies Pty Ltd
GET IN TOUCH 1800 686 587info@wirringabaiya.org.auAddison Road Community CentreBuilding 13, 142 Addison RoadMarrickville 2204 Complaints Policy Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Wirringa Baiya is situated on the land of the Cadigal people, within the Eora Nation.
We acknowledge that they are the traditional custodians of the land on which we work; and pay our respects to our Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Elders both past and present.
Share by: