https://www.serve.ie/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home / Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy applies to information we (Serve) collect about individuals who interact with our organisation. It explains what personal information we collect and how we use it.
If you have any comments or questions about this notice, feel free to contact us.
1. Personal data that we process
The following table explains the types of data we collect and the legal basis, under current data protection legislation, on which this data is processed.
PurposeData (key elements)BasisEnquiring about our organisation and its workName, email, messageLegitimate interests – it is necessary for us to read and store your message so that we can respond in the way that you would expect.Subscribing to email updates about our workName, emailConsent – you have given your active consent. Making a donationName, email, address, payment informationLegitimate interests – this information is necessary for us to fulfill your intention of donating money and your expectation of receiving a confirmation message.Signing up as a memberName, emailContract – by paying your membership fees you have entered into a contractual relationship with us as set out in our membership terms and conditions.Website functionalityWebsite activity collected through cookiesLegitimate interests
– it is necessary for us to store a small amount of information, usually through cookies, to deliver functionality that you would expect, such as remembering the contents of your order before you have fully completed the process.
2. How we use your data
We will only use your data in a manner that is appropriate considering the basis on which that data was collected, as set out in the table at the top of this policy.
For example, we may use your personal information to:
reply to enquiries you send to us;
handle donations or other transactions that you initiate;
where you have specifically agreed to this, send you marketing communications by email relating to our work which we think may be of interest to you.
3. When we share your data
We will only pass your data to third parties in the following circumstances:
you have provided your explicit consent for us to pass data to a named third party;
we are using a third party purely for the purposes of processing data on our behalf and we have in place a data processing agreement with that third party that fulfils our legal obligations in relation to the use of third party data processors; or
we are required by law to share your data.
In addition, we will only pass data to third parties outside of the EU where appropriate safeguards are in place as defined by Article 46 of the General Data Protection Regulation.
4. How long we keep your data
We take the principles of data minimisation and removal seriously and have internal policies in place to ensure that we only ever ask for the minimum amount of data for the associated purpose and delete that data promptly once it is no longer required.
Where data is collected on the basis of consent, we will seek renewal of consent at least every three years.
5. Rights you have over your data
You have a range of rights over your data, which include the following:
Where data processing is based on consent, you may revoke this consent at any time and we will make it as easy as possible for you to do this (for example by putting ‘unsubscribe’ links at the bottom of all our marketing emails).
You have the right to ask for rectification and/or deletion of your information.
You have the right of access to your information.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner if you feel your rights have been infringed.
A full summary of your legal rights over your data can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website here: https://ico.org.uk/
If you would like to access the rights listed above, or any other legal rights you have over your data under current legislation, please get in touch with us.
Please note that relying on some of these rights, such as the right to deleting your data, will make it impossible for us to continue to deliver some services to you. However, where possible we will always try to allow the maximum access to your rights while continuing to deliver as many services to you as possible.
6. Cookies & usage tracking
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used by many websites and can do a number of things, eg remembering your preferences, recording what you have put in your shopping basket, and counting the number of people looking at a website.
Where cookies are used to collect personal data, we list these purposes in section 1 above, along with other personal data that we collect. However, we also use some cookies that do not collect personal information but that do help us collect anonymous information about how people use our website. We use Google Analytics for this purpose.  Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website usage by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information collected by Google Analytics about usage of our website is not personally identifiable. The data is collected anonymously, stored by Google and used by us to create reports about website usage. Google’s privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
7. Modifications
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time and will publish the most current version on our website. If a modification meaningfully reduces your rights, we’ll notify people whose personal data we hold and is affected.
Last Modified: 14/11/2019
ABOUT US SERVE is a development and volunteering organisation committed to tackling poverty in the majority world.
We strive to do this by working in solidarity, service and partnership with marginalised and oppressed communities, empowering them to tackle the root causes of poverty and injustice.
BlogA culinary journey from the Philippines to Galway!November 30, 2020 - 9:14 amCook on the Brightside in Beira, MozambiqueNovember 24, 2020 - 10:07 amTeresa’s Takeaway from Young Africa, MozambiqueNovember 24, 2020 - 9:45 amSERVE Tweets@serve_ieRT @COREAM_ie : @COREAM_ie
applaud our partner #Tapologo
for completing 13,424 HIV Testing services in the midst of #COVID19
and the very t…Subscribe to NewsletterEmail address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Scroll to top
We use data from our own and 3rd party cookies to remember your settings, improve our services and to send you marketing information (including profiling). You now have the option to choose your preferred cookies or click Accept All to gain instant access to our website.Accept settingsSettingsCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps,
and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settings