http://www.rockarch.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Jump directly to main content
menu
Collections
keyboard_arrow_down
About Our Collections
See a list of our major collections.
Search Our Collections
Start with DIMES, our online catalog.
Search Our Library
View our catalog of published library material.
How to Access & Request Materials
Plan your research visit and get answers to frequently asked questions.
Apply for a Research Stipend
Review our guidelines and apply.
Information for Records Donors
Find out how to donate records to us.
Resources
keyboard_arrow_down
RE:source
Visit our storytelling platform.
Research Reports
Reports by those who have conducted research at the RAC.
RAC Bibliography
Bibliography of works based on research at the RAC.
Bits & Bytes
The RAC blog.
Archival Documentation & Policies
A collection of the RAC's archival documentation.
The Rockefeller Foundation: A Digital History
Essays, biographies, and selected digital resources.
About the Rockefellers
Selected biographies of Rockefeller family members.
About Us
keyboard_arrow_down
Our Statement in Solidarity with the Black Community
Overview
Background information on the RAC.
Program Areas
Read more about our work.
Board & Staff
Contact information.
Employment Opportunties
Job opportunities at the RAC.
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Group 2
Created with Sketch.
Flickr
Homeabout usprivacy policy
Open Page Menu
Protecting the privacy of our users
Rockefeller Archive Center (RAC) is committed to protecting your privacy while enabling your access to information and engagement in our research community. We strive to make our archival collections and services as widely accessible as possible. To do this we need to acquire and use some personal information. This policy explains what information we collect from you and why, and how it is collected, used, and stored. It applies to your engagement with us through our services and activities on websites and during your visits to our physical premises.
Guided by legal requirements governing people in the EU/EEA and UK, this Policy also provides a legal basis for our processing of your personal information. By data “processing,” we mean any operation performed on personal data including collection, organization, storage, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, dissemination, restriction, or erasure. The Rockefeller Archive Center is located in the United States, and your data will be transferred to and processed in the United States.
This Policy does not pertain to the acquisition or processing of personal information contained within our archival collections, for which we have a legitimate legal basis for archiving in the public interest.
What information do we collect and why?
We capture the minimum amount of personal information that we need for a particular purpose, and we keep it only as long as is necessary to fulfill that purpose. Information will only be accessed by RAC staff with a legitimate business need to do so. We collect and process data that we obtain or that you provide to us in the following contexts:
Corresponding with reference archivists
Emails or written correspondence related to archival reference services. This data can include:
Name
Contact details (address, email, phone)
Employer and employment title
Records of interactions including research topics and requested archival materials
Any other information that you volunteer
Legal basis:
A legitimate interest to provide you with reference services and support, and for our archives staff to refer to those records as a basis for providing reference assistance to other users with related questions.
Storage:
Internal RAC systems for 8 years.
Paying for duplication services
Invoices and receipts for photocopying and digitization services. We use Paypal to securely process payments. This data can include:
Name
Payment record
Legal basis:
To enable us to collect the correct payment for duplication services requested by you (a duplication services contract).
Storage:
Internal RAC systems for 7 years.
Requesting archival records and duplication services
Registering for a user account and requesting archival records and duplication services, either remotely or on our premises. This data can include:
Name and username
Contact details (address, email, phone)
Institutional affiliation, academic department, or employer
User type category
Research topic and purpose category
Archival records requested and accessed
Dates and times of visits
Legal basis:
Your consent at the time of data collection to use your anonymized data for statistical purposes to improve our services, to protect the security of the archival records in our custody, and to allow you to keep track of previous research activities, generate citations, and plan future visits.
Storage:
Externally by a third-party service provider, Atlas Systems, Inc. Digital request records and account information are stored for 3 years, and visit date/time data is stored for 2 years. You will be prompted to update your account annually. Paper documentation is not stored after the physical items are returned to archival storage.
Visiting and conducting research on our premises
Participating in a researcher orientation, working in our reading rooms, and using our facilities. This data can include:
Name and signature
CCTV footage
Legal basis:
A legitimate interest to ensure that you understand the research and facility procedures associated with conducting research on our premises, and to protect the security of the archival records in our custody.
Storage:
Orientation checklists with name and signature are stored for up to 1 year. CCTV footage is retained for up to 60 days, unless it is necessary to download specific footage segments for investigatory purposes.
Applying for or participating in our Research Stipend Program
Application materials and records related to the administration of the Program. This data can include:
Name
Contact details (address, email, phone)
Professional affiliations and employer
Research topic
Letters of reference
Legal basis:
Consent given at the time of application.
Storage:
Internal RAC systems and DreamApply application management platform servers. Applications that we do not fund are kept only until the grant cycle is complete, or up to 1 year. Records of applicants that we fund are stored permanently, with personal financial information removed.
Using any of our websites
When you access any of our websites, online tools, and applications, we collect information through site logs, web forms, and third party service tools. RE:Source (resource.rockarch.org) is hosted by Pagely and uses services that administer our newsletter and listserv, and manage site features and analytics, including MailChimp and JetPack. All of our public sites use Google Analytics.
This data can include:
Contact details (address, email, phone)
Log files, which contain data collected automatically including IP address, username, browser and operating system type and version, internet service provider, pages you visited, referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
Cookies, which are small data files placed on your device. Learn more in the following section about our use of cookies.
Legal basis:
A legitimate interest to ensure system compatibility and performance, improve our understanding of our users’ needs, and protect the security of our systems. When signing up for our newsletter or listserv, you are giving consent for us to use and store your personal information to email you as requested. This Policy does not apply to any data collected by other organizations and sites that we link to from our sites and over which we have no control.
Storage: Log files are stored primarily on internal RAC systems for 1 year. Google analytics data is anonymized and stored on Google servers for 14 months.
Google Analytics
All Rockefeller Archive Center websites use Google Analytics to gather anonymized, aggregated data about how people use our sites. Google Analytics uses a browser cookie that is placed on your device to gather data related to your activity. We anonymize IP addresses in our analytics implementation, so your IP address is not stored in Google servers. We do not use Google Advertising Features, so no demographic data is made available to us. However, if you log into a Google Account while using our websites, that can enable additional data tracking by Google. You can opt out by deleting and turning off cookies in the preferences settings of your browser, or by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. You can learn more about how Google uses your data from Google.
Cookie notice
When you access websites and use services online, sometimes those sites place a small data file on your device called a cookie. Some cookies are essential for a webpage to function properly or they improve its functioning, and others provide reporting information.
We use first-party session cookies on some web pages to improve the experience of using our sites. These are deleted when the browser is closed, and do not store any information that will personally identify you. We also include links to external sites like social media sharing that will place cookies on your device. We use third-party cookies including statistical cookies from Google Analytics to gather information to improve our websites and enable certain functions. We do not use advertising cookies. Read more about how Google uses cookies and access Google’s Privacy Policy.
You can block, manage, and delete cookies yourself at any time.
What information do we share with third parties?
We do not sell your personal data to any other organizations. We will only share your personal data for the following purposes:
As necessary for our third-party service providers, as specified in this Policy.
As required by law or in a legal proceeding.
As otherwise authorized by you.
How can you contact us about your privacy?
You may contact us for additional information, to request access to or a copy of your personal data, or to request certain data be updated or removed. We will consider and respond to any requests in accordance with applicable laws. If you have consented to data processing, you can withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of any processing that was done based on your previous consent. Please note that if your data is contained within our archival collections, rather than collected by the RAC for the reasons stated in this Policy, we will not alter the record.
Contact: archive@rockarch.org
Changes to this policy
We will review this Policy periodically and may make changes in coordination with our Records Management Policy and Records Retention Schedule. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information, we will make this clear on our website.
Last updated August 1, 2020