https://www.africanrelief.org/privacy-policy/
This policy discloses what information is gathered about you when you visit any of our web site or correspond directly with us. It describes how we use that information and how you can control it.
Contents:
Information gathered and tracked
Personal information
Aggregated tracking information
Our “Cookies”
Notification of Changes
How to update, correct, or delete your information:
1.  Information Gathered and Tracked:
We collect two kinds of information about visitors to our web site:
a) Information that patrons volunteer by signing up to receive news and project reports, by entering into program activities, by completing surveys, or by donating funds.
b) Aggregated tracking data (see #3 below) we collect when users interact with and navigate through our web pages.
2.  Personal Information:
We use the personal information you provide voluntarily to send information you have requested and to acknowledge contributions that you have made. The specific use of your personal information varies, depending on how you contact us and what you request:
When you sign up to receive newsletters and/or program and organizational news material online, you must provide your name, email address, and mailing address. We will never sell, rent or trade your email address.
We will attempt to fulfill your inquiries by email as soon as possible and to the best of our ability. Your name and address may also be added to our US Mail list.  From time to time we will send additional information about particular charitable activities that may be of interest to you.
Bread and Water for Africa® may make use of commercial vendors to perform activities on our behalf, such as fulfilling mailing campaigns, processing credit card payments, managing mailing lists, and delivering packages.  These parties are restricted from using your information for any other purpose than that for which they have been retained. We may exchange our US Mail address list for use by similar 501(c)3 organizations we deem relevant and appropriate.  For opt out information, see section 5 below.
We release personal information when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the organization’s staff, our patrons, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
3.  Aggregated Tracking Information:
We may analyze visitors’ use of our web site by tracking information such as page views, traffic flow, search terms, and click-throughs. We will use this information to improve our website to better suit your informational needs. We may share this anonymous traffic and demographic information in aggregate form with our network sites and for-profit business partners for marketing purposes. Presently, we do not use web advertisements. If we get paid to place an ad on our sites we will not share any information with advertisers that can identify an individual visitor.
Though we may use a third party web analysis service to improve our web site performance and visitor experience, no personally identifiable information, such as names or email address will be revealed to them.
4.  Our Cookies:
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser when you visit our site. Cookies enable our systems to recognize your computer, so that we can provide you unique information and features. We may use our cookies to track your visits to our site and the information you are most interested in on our site. You can set your web browser to warn you before accepting cookies or to block cookies. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain site features or functions.
How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps.
5.  Notification of Changes:
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this web site. If we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify our patrons in the most reasonable way possible. Visitors are always able to contact us.
How to update, correct, or delete your information:
Email: To update or unsubscribe from our email correspondence, send email to info@africanrelief.org.
US Mail: To change your address, suppress your name from our mailing list (for paper correspondence) or to opt-out of third-party mail, send email to info@africanrelief.org.
Address:
Headquarters
Bread and Water for Africa®
8301 Richmond Highway, Suite 300
Alexandria, VA 22309
703-317-9440 o Fax: 703-317-9690
email: info@africanrelief.org
6. Data Integrity Protection Measures:
Confidentiality of sensitive information is preserved by complying with the accepted Standards and Operational Policies set forth by this Organization.  All staff are trained in our Privacy Policy and have access to personal user information on a strictly “need to know” basis.  Our website is run with a secure server.  Therefore, ALL donations made on the website are processed within the same secure environment.