http://www.socialaw.com/privacy-policy
Home
COVID-19
About
Hours
Support
Donate
Contact
Search Website
Search Online Catalog
Home/ Privacy Policy
Social Law Library's Web Site Privacy Policy As an Internet Service Provider (ISP), The Social Law Library understands the power that the Internet holds for changing people’s lives, expanding their horizons, and enhancing the ease with which they perform their jobs. All these benefits are at risk if people are concerned about their personal privacy. The Social Law Library is committed to providing its users with an Internet experience that respects and protects their personal privacy choices and concerns.
The Social Law Library’s Web site adheres to the same standard of privacy protection for its users and members as does the Social Law Library itself. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for any site within the following domains: socialaw.com, socialaw.org, socialaw.net, sociallaw.com, sociallaw.org, or sociallaw.net.
What information is NOT gathered by this site? The Library does not keep records of the research that individual users conduct on its Web site, nor does it disclose the nature or pattern of research that users conduct to third parties.
What information IS gathered by this site? The Social Law Library’s Web site does record the following types of information:
User-supplied information: When you order documents, obtain reference help, or order research projects online, our forms collect information that you fill in (your name, contact information, and project/document information). This information is used for the sole purpose of completing requested services.
The Library does not release your contact information or research information to any third parties without your permission. While it is unlikely, it is possible, however, for someone to intercept the transfer of information from your computer to ours, as no Internet transmission is fully secure.
Server log information: In order to monitor the traffic patterns on the Library’s Web site, its servers keep records of the IP addresses, referring locations and browser types of all visitors to the Web site. An IP address is a unique number that identifies every computer on the Internet. Each time you connect to the Internet your machine is assigned an IP address. This information is used to ensure that users are visiting the most relevant sections of the Library’s Web site, that the Web site is configured to provide users with optimal browsing experience, and that the Library is able to pursue and monitor linking arrangements with Web sites relevant to its users.
Use of Cookies: Our site uses cookies to keep track of anonymous traffic data and your session identity when accessing the online databases. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are sent by our server to your browser and are stored on your computer's hard drive. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you have turned "cookies" off then you will not be able to access the databases. This is a restriction of the search engine software that is used to publish our databases. Some browsers allow you to specify which sites you will accept cookies from. Please note that the search engine software uses session cookies which do expire after a certain period of time, rather than persistent cookies which remain on your system.
About the links on our site... There are a number of legal research tools and resources made available through the Social Law Library's Web site via links to other sites. The Library does not speak for the privacy policies of these individual sites and resources. Users must refer to those organizations’ sites individually for information on their respective privacy policies.
Security measures This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. The measures include passwords, backup tapes, and conventional locks and alarm systems. However we cannot guarantee that the measures in place are (or will remain) adequate.
Children's guidelines
This web site is directed at adults and does not collect from children online contact information, or distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information from children.
Need to correct or update your information? Please send any requests to change or modify information previously provided, as well as questions or comments regarding the Social Law Library's web site, to the site administrator at webadmin@socialaw.com.
Questions about this privacy statement?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:
Wayne Hartwell, Esq.
Social Law Library
John Adams Courthouse
One Pemberton Square, Suite 4100
Boston, MA 02108
617-523-0018, ext. 336
whartwell@socialaw.com