http://www.womanslifeins.com/legal/privacy-policy/#California
Privacy Policies
Web Privacy Policy
Privacy of Children
Member Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for California Residents
Web Privacy Policy
This is the website of Woman’s Life Insurance Society. A fraternal benefit society.
Our postal address:
Woman’s Life Insurance Society®
1338 Military Street
PO Box 5020
Port Huron,
MI
48061-5020
US
We can be reached via email at privacy@womanslife.org or
you can reach us toll-free at (800) 521-9292.
Maintaining your privacy is important to Woman’s Life. This policy is intended to explain our online information practices.
Thank you for taking the time to review this policy. Woman’s Life reserves the right to update or revise this privacy policy.
Please check back from time to time to remain current on any update to this privacy policy.
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or email address.
Unless you are accessing a portion of this website through a user account, the only way that personal information can be collected
about you through this website is information that you voluntarily provide via email response.
Information that you provide by email may be retained by us. If you access a portion of this website through a user account,
each time you log on to that account, we will retain your name and the date and time that you logged on to this website.
If you are establishing a user account on the member web, we will ask you to provide your name, member number, date of birth,
last four digits of your social security number and email address. Your email address will be retained to retrieve a forgotten password.
We will never ask you to provide or confirm personal information through an email unless you have requested such an email or transaction from us.
Never respond to an email that asks for personal or account information. We may capture additional information that you provide to fulfill your request.
Information that you provide by email, including your name and address, will be kept confidential. Personal information may be disclosed
to affiliated and nonaffiliated third parties only as permitted by law such as to process your request to be contacted about a product or
to provide policy maintenance or member service. We may disclose information to other financial institutions with which we have
joint marketing agreements in order to provide a better range of benefits to our members. Woman’s Life does not sell customer lists.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to improve the design of this website. This is done without our knowing your name or
any other personal information. Your visit to this website is anonymous unless you choose to identify yourself through the email function.
This website may provide you links to other sites. If you visit a linked site, please review that site’s privacy policy.
We are not responsible for a linked site’s privacy policy.
Back to Top
Privacy of Children
You must be thirteen (13) years or older to access the Society’s website. If you are under thirteen years of age,
you are not permitted to access the Society’s website for any reason. Due to the age restrictions for use of this website,
no information obtained by this website falls within the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and is not monitored as doing so.
Back to Top
Member Privacy Policy
Woman’s Life Insurance Society values your business. We also value the trust that you have placed in us.
We strongly believe in protecting the confidentiality and the security of the information that we collect about you.
The following is an outline of our privacy policy.
We do not:
Disclose personal, non-public information about you to anyone, except as permitted or required by law.
Share medical information or motor vehicle reports for marketing purposes.
Sell customer lists or information.
We do:
Restrict access to non-public personal information about you to employees who have a need for such information to provide products or service to you.
Use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with state and federal laws to protect all the private information we receive.
Information We Collect
We collect information about a person who applies for or obtains products or services from us, including information provided through forms, transactions and interactions
with Woman’s Life. This information may include:
Personal data such as that collected on our certificate application or other forms, such as name, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, driver’s license number and social security number.
Financial data, such as your income and assets.
Health data and history, such as your health and medical information or information regarding your lifestyle and habits.
Data about your relationship with Woman’s Life, such as products or services you have purchased, account balances, and payment data and history.
Data received in connection with your interactions with Woman’s Life, such as when you visit our websites or when you correspond with our customer service teams.
Collecting this data permits us to serve your financial needs, provide effective customer service, offer relevant products and services, and comply with legal and regulatory
requirements. The type of information we collect varies according to your membership status and the products, benefits or services you request. We collect personal information,
including direct or indirect identifiers, from the following sources:
From non-affiliated third parties with which you have dealt, such as other insurers.
From other outside sources, such as consumer reporting agencies, motor vehicle reporting agencies, employers and health care providers.
Directly from visitors to the Woman’s Life websites, such as information you provide through email, telephone correspondence, online forms, and site visitor data.
Indirectly from visitors to the Woman’s Life websites, such as information relating to your use of our products and services, information about your transactions with us, our
affiliates or others, or information relating to your use or interaction with our websites and forms (including IP addresses and location data).
Use of Information
We use and disclose personal information for business purposes related to the products and services we offer, with your consent or as required or permitted by law. These purposes
include: assessing requests that are made for insurance and other services we offer; the administration of our products; and the processing of transactions and claims. In particular,
we may use and disclose the information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To determine your eligibility for our products and services.
To register and service your account.
To promote and offer you a full range of products and services that may meet your needs or interests.
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, if you provide us with personal information in order for us to prepare a quote or issue a
certificate, we will use that information to underwrite, issue and maintain that certificate for you.
To provide you with products or services that you request from us, and to communicate with you and provide information about those requests.
To provide you with email updates, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, or to provide you with news that may be of interest to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To improve our website and present its contents to you.
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our members or others, for example to verify your identity and to detect, prevent, or investigate
fraud or security breaches.
To respond to your inquiries or complaints.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To protect the security or integrity of our website and our business.
Woman’s Life makes disclosures to affiliated and non-affiliated third parties only as permitted by law. This primarily includes disclosures that are needed to underwrite, issue,
or maintain your certificate, establish your membership account, provide benefits and services you request, process payments, transactions and verifications, administer claims, or for
customer service. We may make disclosures to other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements. We do that in order to provide a better range of benefits to
our members. We provide information regarding your membership status to your local Woman’s Life chapter. Additionally, we may disclose personal data to comply with our legal or
regulatory obligations, for audit purposes, to detect and prevent security incidents, to determine technical functionality improvements. We may also use or share aggregated information
for statistical research or analysis or to optimize user experience.
This privacy notice does not restrict our collection, use or disclosure of any aggregated information or information that does not identify, or cannot be reasonably linked to, any
individual.
Third Party Sites
Some applications and services embedded within, or linked from, our website, such as maps and social media platforms, are controlled by third-party providers. These third-parties may
use cookies, alone or in conjunction with other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our website or navigate away from our website. These third parties
may also have privacy policies that differ from ours. For example, they may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites, and other
online services, and may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third-parties or their
privacy practices, and this privacy notice does not apply to any third-party website or service you may access through our website. If you have any questions about a third-party provider’s
privacy policies or advertising, you should review that party’s privacy policies and contact that party directly.
Complaints
Complaints can be sent to us at the address included in the “Data Accuracy” section below, or via email at privacy@womanslife.org. Some jurisdictions may also permit you to complain to
a data protection authority.
How Long Data is Retained
When non-public personal information is no longer required, under our record retention procedures, it is destroyed in a secure manner. This includes information in hard copy or
electronic media format.
Data Accuracy
Our goal is to keep the information you have on file with us accurate and up-to-date. Please contact our home office at the following address should there be an address change or other
information that requires revision: Woman’s Life Insurance Society, 1338 Military Street, PO Box 5020, Port Huron, MI 48061-5020.
Please refer to our website: www.womanslife.org/legal/privacy-policy for further information and complete details
including information relating to privacy notices required by law in specific states in which Woman’s Life conducts business. In particular, if you are a California resident,
California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, see our CCPA Privacy Notice
below.
Changes to Privacy Notice
Please review the online privacy policy routinely as it may be amended periodically to reflect changes in our information practices or relevant laws. Such changes may be made at any
time and without notice to you, at the sole discretion of Woman’s Life. We will post a notice on our website, and we may also notify members via email, when we make substantive
changes to the way we collect and/or use information. We include a date at the bottom of this privacy notice to indicate when it was last updated.
(Effective date June 20, 2020)
Back to Top
Privacy Policy for California Residents
This privacy notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in the Woman’s Life Privacy Notice, and applies only to California residents who are considered
consumers under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). This notice reflects our good faith understanding of the law and our data practices as of the date posted below, but the
CCPA implementing regulations are not yet final and there remain differing interpretations of the law. Accordingly, we may from time-to-time update information in this and other notices
regarding our data practices and your rights, modify our methods for responding to your requests, and/or supplement our response to your requests, as we continue to develop our
compliance program to reflect the evolution of the law and our understanding of how it relates to our data practices.
Information We Collect & Disclose
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular
consumer or device (“personal information”). Under the CCPA, we are required to provide you with lists of the categories of personal information we collected, sold or disclosed about
certain California residents in the preceding 12 months, by reference to the categories enumerated in the CCPA. The below chart lists each of the CCPA’s enumerated categories, and
indicates whether we have collected or disclosed each category of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months. We have not sold personal information for
purposes of the CCPA within the last 12 months.
Category    Collected    Disclosed for a Business Purpose
Identifiers. Examples include real name, postal address, IP address, email address, phone number, social security number, account number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.YESYES
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Examples include age, gender, marital status, or disability.YESYES
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute. Examples include name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance certificate number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, health insurance information, or other categories of information listed under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e).YESYES
Commercial information. Examples include records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.YESYES
Biometric information. Examples include genetic, physiological, behavioral, biological characteristics, fingerprints, faceprints, voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.YESYES
Internet or other similar network activity. Examples include Internet, browsing, or search histories, or other similar network activity such as interactions with sites or advertisements.NONO
Geolocation data. Examples include IP address or other data reflecting where you are located. This is linked to the access location, not necessarily a residential address.YESYES
Sensory data. Examples include audio, electronic, visual, thermal, or olfactory information.NONO
Professional or employment-related information. Examples include current or past job history or performance evaluations.YESYES
Non-public education information. Examples include grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, or student financial information.NOYES
Inferences drawn from other personal information. Examples include profiles reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.NONO
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as the following:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or the California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA).
Woman’s Life generally discloses personal information for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates.
Service providers.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents who are considered consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how
to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm
your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists outlining:
The sale of such information, identifying the personal information categories that each type of recipient purchased; and
The disclosure of such information for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless it is
necessary for us to retain the information in accordance with exceptions provided by law.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 800.521.9292.
Visiting www.womanslife.org
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal
information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information
relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request
to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We make every effort to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension
period in writing. If you have a membership account with us, we will deliver our written response to the email associated with that account. If you do not have an account with us, we
will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer
request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to
provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants
a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this CCPA Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time, without notice to you, to reflect changes in our information practices or relevant laws. We
will post a notice on our website at www.womanslife.org, and may also notify customers via email, when we make substantive changes to the way we collect and/or use information. We
include a date at the bottom of the Privacy Notice to indicate when it was last updated.
Additional California Privacy Rights
In addition to rights afforded to California residents under the CCPA, California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our website who are California residents to request
certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@womanslife.org or write us at the address listed below.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our Woman’s Life Privacy Notice, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights
regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 800.521.9292
Website: www.womanslife.org
Email: privacy@womanslife.org
Postal Address: Woman’s Life Insurance Society®
Attn: Vickie Fournier, Director of Member Service
1338 Military Street
PO Box 5020
Port Huron, MI 48061-5020
(Effective date June 20, 2020)
Back to Top
Logon
I am a Member
Username
Password
Logon
Register
Forgot Password
Manage My Certificates
Make Payments
Update My Profile Information
Request Membership Card
Apply for Good Health Benefits
I am a Chapter Officer
Logon
Register
Forgot Password
Access Chapter Support Benefits
Request Financial Support
Request Event and Chapter Promotion Materials
Submit Monthly Activity Reports
View Progress Toward Earning Bonuses
I am an Agent
Username
Password
Logon
Forgot Password
Access Applications
Review Product Information
Personalize Marketing Materials
View Commission Statement
Not sure what to do?
Contact Us or call (800) 521-9292