http://www.laurencesimons.com/job/legal-counsel-slash-construction-and-commercial-lawyer/
Location
United Kingdom
Sector:
Manufacturing and Engineering
Contact:
Victoria Jackson
Contact email:
victoria.jackson@laurencesimons.com
Job ref:
A031162
Published:
4 months ago
Expiry date:
2020-11-20
Consultant:
#
We have been exclusively retained by a diversified multinational, looking to appoint a Legal Counsel to support its UK & Ireland business. This is a hugely exciting time to join our client during a digital transformation. The legal team is involved in anything from AI to large technology contracts, partnerships with household names and major manufacturing work.
Our client is looking to hire a construction lawyer with entrepreneurial flair and some experience in JCT contracts. The candidate will either be from a construction background or a commercial lawyer who has touched on it in the past. This role would suit a lawyer coming from private practice who wants to move in-house and progress their career, or equally an in-house lawyer who wants to develop with a broader range of responsibilities. Reporting to the General Counsel, you will play a significant role in reshaping legal service delivery to the business. Full training and development will be provided in areas where the successful candidate does not have experience. Remote working with occasional travel to Hertfordshire.
Please contact Victoria Jackson (Victoria.jackson@laurencesimons.com) for a confidential discussion, quoting reference A031162.
Expired job
Back job search
Victoria Jackson
Director
victoria.jackson@laurencesimons.com
+44 (0)207 645 8515
Meet the Team at Laurence Simons Search - Samantha Knowles, Director of Research
Laurence Simons Search
December 09, 2020
My view of the ‘’historic’’ mandatory quota of female on boards in Germany.
Nicolai von Steinaecker
December 07, 2020
Talking Head with Debbie Ramsay, Director, GoodCorporation, and member of the Lloyd's of London Culture Advisory Group
Clare Beresford
November 30, 2020