http://www.alphausa.org/disclaimer-privacy-policy
About
Run
Watch
Blog
Find an Alpha
Conference
Alpha Online
Catholic Context
About
Stories
Endorsements
MyAlpha
Give
Events
Events
Search
Privacy PolicyAlpha USA respects each individual's right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our website, only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies to information collected on the following websites controlled by us: alphausa.org, alpharesources.org, teamalphausa.org, print.alpharesources.org, support.alphausa.org .Part I. Information CollectionAlpha USA collects information through our websites at several points. Some of this information we will ask you to provide us with through the use of registration forms, while other types of information we collect involuntarily.Children's PrivacyAlpha USA does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 13 to divulge personal information.Information Provided by YouWe collect the following information about primary visitors: names, gender, date of birth, marital status, religion, telephone numbers, email addresses and geographical locations.We may also collect names, gender, date of birth, marital status, religion, email addresses and geographical locations, which our users divulge about other people.Automatic Collection of InformationWe collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information: Country of origin, ISP, IP Address, connection speed and browser type. We collect demographic data in order to monitor usage patterns. We collect this information through session information, browser cookies, and logging files.CookiesWe do employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our web-server places on a user's computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable Alpha USA to track usage patterns and deliver customised content to users. Our cookies do have an expiration date. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information.HotjarPart II. Information UsagePrimary Use of Personal InformationThe information collected by Alpha USA will be used for processing any orders or event registrations placed through any of our websites and for maintaining up to date records.Users who provide information may receive email receipts or announcements.Secondary Use of Personal InformationRegistered users may receive additional announcements from us about products, services, and newsletters. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. The information we collect may be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history.Sharing Data with Third PartiesWe may share data with third parties such as technical gateways, suppliers, other national and local Alpha offices, technology suppliers and support companies, and other key contacts with whom it is necessary to share information. All data shared with third parties is for our day-to-day operations.We will not sell information your information to any third parties.Links from our WebsitesWe offer links to other websites. Please note: When you click on links to other websites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours.Changes to This PolicyIf our policy on information collection or uses changes, will advise you by email within 5 working days of such a change.Part III. Access to InformationAccess to Personal DataYou may request a copy of the personal data that we keep about you in a readable format for a charge of $20.00. If you wish to obtain a copy of this personal data you may do so by contacting us in any of the following ways:Email: itsupport@alphausa.org, Phone: 800-DO-ALPHA, Mail: Alpha USA, 1635 Emerson Lane, Naperville, IL 60540Alpha USA maintains the accuracy of our information by purging expired records.Inaccurate InformationUsers may contact us about inaccuracies they may find by emailing itsupport@alphausa.org.Part IV. Problem ResolutionIf problems arise, users may contact Alpha USA by:Email: itsupport@alphausa.org, Phone: 800-DO-ALPHA, Mail: Alpha USA, 1635 Emerson Lane, Naperville, IL 60540.We are committed to resolving disputes within five working days.Part V. Data Storage and SecurityAlpha USA protects user information with the following security measures: hardware firewalls, password protection, SSL encryption and other technology and procedures used to protect consumer privacy.If you have any further questions about privacy or security, please contact us by sending an email to: itsupport@alphausa.org.Part VI. Donor Privacy Policy(1) Alpha USA will not share or sell a donor's personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. (2) Alpha USA will only share or sell personal information once the donor has given the us specific permission to do so.DisclaimerThe content on this website is provided for your personal and private non-commercial use only. You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit this or any other content for any other purposes without the prior written consent of Alpha USA.
We use cookies to make your experience of our website better.
To comply with E-Privacy Regulations, we need to ask for your consent to set these cookies.
Yes, I agree
No, I want to find out more