http://www.taylorlaw.net/terms-and-disclaimer
Traditional Values ~ Innovative Service
Attorneys
217-342-3925122 East Washington Avenue PO Box 668 Effingham, IL 62401420 West Capitol Avenue, Suite 1 Springfield, IL 62704 100 West 6th Street Flora, IL 62839
Home
Attorneys
Bruce A. Burkey
Lou J. Viverito
Matthew R. Hortenstine
Christopher A. Koester
Tracy A. Willenborg
Aaron C. Jones
Aaron K. Leonard
Kristen M. Flood
Kara J. Wade
Legal Services
Personal Injury / Work Comp
Criminal Law
Family Law
Business & Estate Planning
Collections
Governmental Law
Firm Overview
Staff
History
Clients
Terms & Disclaimer
Locations
Effingham Office
Springfield Office
Flora Office
Terms & Disclaimer
Legal Terms, Conditions, and Policies
Our Law Firm's Terms and Conditions Please read the terms and conditions of Taylor Law Offices PC carefully. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us in Effingham, Springfield, or Flora. Acceptance of Our Terms By visiting the website taylorlaw.net, viewing, accessing, or otherwise using any of the services or information created, collected, compiled, or submitted to taylorlaw.net, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions of service. If you do not want to be bound by our terms, your only option is not to visit, view, or otherwise use the services of taylorlaw.net. You understand, agree, and acknowledge that these terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and taylorlaw.net and that your use of taylorlaw.net shall indicate your conclusive acceptance of this agreement. Provision of Services You agree and acknowledge that taylorlaw.net is entitled to modify, improve, or discontinue any of its services at its sole discretion and without notice to you even if it may result in you being prevented from accessing any information contained in it. Furthermore, you agree and acknowledge that taylorlaw.net is entitled to provide services to you through subsidiaries or affiliated entities. Proprietary Rights You acknowledge and agree that taylorlaw.net may contain proprietary and confidential information including trademarks, service marks, and patents protected by intellectual property laws and international intellectual property treaties. Taylorlaw.net authorizes you to view and make a single copy of portions of its content for offline, personal, non-commercial use. Our content may not be sold, reproduced, or distributed without our written permission. Any third-party trademarks, service marks, and logos are the property of their respective owners. Any further rights not specifically granted herein are reserved. Submitted Content When you submit content to taylorlaw.net, you simultaneously grant taylorlaw.net an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to publish, display, modify, distribute, and syndicate your content worldwide. You confirm and warrant that you have the required authority to grant the above license to taylorlaw.net. Termination of Agreement The terms of this agreement will continue to apply in perpetuity until terminated by either party without notice at any time for any reason. Terms that are to continue in perpetuity shall be unaffected by the termination of this agreement. Disclaimer of Warranties You understand and agree that your use of taylorlaw.net is entirely at your own risk and that our services are provided "as is" and "as available." Taylorlaw.net does not make any express or implied warranties, endorsements, or representations whatsoever as to the operation of the taylorlaw.net website, information, content, materials, or products. This shall include, but not be limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, and warranties that access to or use of the service will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the service will be corrected. Limitation of Liability You understand and agree that taylorlaw.net and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall in no event be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages. This shall include, but not be limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, business reputation or goodwill, loss of programs or information or other intangible loss arising out of the use of or the inability to use the service, or information, or any permanent or temporary cessation of such service or access to information, or the deletion or corruption of any content or information, or the failure to store any content or information. The above limitation shall apply whether or not taylorlaw.net has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of such damages. In jurisdictions where the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages is not allowed the liability of taylorlaw.net is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. External Content Taylorlaw.net may include hyperlinks to third-party content, advertising, or websites. You acknowledge and agree that taylorlaw.net is not responsible for and does not endorse any advertising, products, or resource available from such resources or websites. Jurisdiction You expressly understand and agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the country, state, province, or territory determined solely by taylorlaw.net to resolve any legal matter arising from this agreement or related to your use of taylorlaw.net. If the court of law having jurisdiction, rules that any provision of the agreement is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the terms and the remaining terms will continue to be valid. Entire Agreement You understand and agree that the above terms constitute the entire general agreement between you and taylorlaw.net. You may be subject to additional terms and conditions when you use, purchase, or access other services, affiliate services, or third-party content or material. Changes to the Terms Taylorlaw.net reserves the right to modify these terms from time to time at our sole discretion and without any notice. Changes to our terms become effective on the date they are posted and your continued use of taylorlaw.net after any changes to terms will signify your agreement to be bound by them. Privacy Policy This privacy policy applies to information collected online from users of this website. In this policy, you can learn what kind of information we collect, when and how we might use that information, how we protect the information, and the choices you have with respect to your personal information.What personal information is collected through this website and how is it used?We collect information about our users in three ways: directly from the user, from our web server logs, and through cookies. We use the information primarily to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. We don't share any of the information you provide with others unless we say so in this privacy policy or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.User-supplied information:If you fill out the contact form on this website, we will ask you to provide some personal information (such as email address, name, phone number, and state). We only require that you provide an email address on the contact form. Please do not submit any confidential, proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information (e.g. Social Security Number; date of birth; driver's license number; or credit card, bank account, or other financial information known collectively as “sensitive information”). If you submit any sensitive information, you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable to you or responsible for consequences of your submission.Information that you provide to us through the contact form will be used so that we may respond to your inquiry. We may also use information you provide to us to communicate with you in the future. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may opt out (unsubscribe) as described below.Web server logs:When you visit our website, we may track information about your visit and store that information in web server logs, which are records of the activities on our sites. The servers automatically capture and save the information electronically. Examples of the information we may collect include:Your unique Internet protocol addressThe name of your unique Internet service providerThe town / city, county / state, and country from which you access our websiteThe kind of browser or computer you useThe number of links you click within the siteThe date and time of your visitThe web page from which you arrived to our siteThe pages you viewed on the siteCertain searches / queries that you conducted via our website(s)The information we collect in web server logs helps us administer the site, analyze its usage, protect the website and its content from inappropriate use, and improve the user's experience.Cookies:In order to offer and provide a customized and personal service, our websites and applications may use cookies to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won't have to re-enter them each time you visit.The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer, you can set your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that some features of many sites may not function properly if you don't accept cookies.How is personal information protected?We take certain appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures.Who has access to the information?We will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other user data to others, and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties, except as follows:To agents, website vendors, and / or contractors who may use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with usIf we are unable to assist with your matter but know an unaffiliated attorney or firm that may be able to help you, we may refer you and share information you provided us with that partyAs required by law, in a matter of public safety or policy, as needed in connection with the transfer of our business assets (for example, if we are acquired by another firm or if we are liquidated during bankruptcy proceedings), or if we believe in good faith that sharing the data is necessary to protect our rights or propertyHow can I correct, amend, or delete my personal information and / or opt out of future communications?You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. Contact us via the phone number, contact form, or mailing address on our website at any time to:See what, if any, data we have about youChange / correct any data we have about youAsk us to delete any data we have about youOpt out of future communications from usIf you have any additional questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us via the phone number, contact form, or mailing address listed on this website. If our information practices change in a significant way, we will post the policy changes here.
Please read our terms and conditions carefully and make sure you understand them. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call us.We will get you the results you deserve.217-342-3925 Providing legal representation since 1883
217-342-3925
Find Us in Effingham
Get Directions to Effingham
Taylor Law Offices PC122 East Washington AvenuePO Box 668 Effingham, IL 62401attorneys@taylorlaw.net217-342-3925Fax: 217-342-2341
Find Us in Springfield
Get Directions to Springfield
Taylor Law Offices PC420 West Capitol Avenue, Suite 1 Springfield, IL 62704 attorneys@taylorlaw.net217-540-3040Fax: 217-544-4026
Find Us in Flora
Get Directions to Flora
Taylor Law Offices PC100 West 6th Street Flora, IL 62839 attorneys@taylorlaw.net618-662-6022Fax: 618-662-6023
Privacy Policy
| Cookie Policy
| Conditions of Use
| Notice and Take Down Policy
| Website Accessibility Policy
© 2020
The content on this website is owned by us and our licensors. Do not copy any content (including images) without our consent.
Share by:
{{placeholder_retargeting_pixel}}
{{placeholder_dpni}}
{{placeholder_footer_reserve3}}
{{placeholder_footer_reserve4}}
{{placeholder_footer_reserve5}}
{{placeholder_footer_reserve6}}
{{placeholder_footer_reserve7}}