http://www.emplaw.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.
OK
Login
|
Subscribe
Home
Terms and Conditions
Search form
Search TipsSearch
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDIITONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
USE OF THIS SITE INDICATES ACCEPTANCE OF CONDITIONS SET OUT HEREIN
TERMS OF WEBSITE USE
This terms of use (together with the documents referred to herein) informs you of the terms of use on which you and Authorised Users may make use of our website (www.emplaw.co.uk [1]) (“our site”), whether as a guest or a registered subscriber. Use of our site includes, but is not limited to, accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site.
Please read thoroughly these terms of use before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print and store a copy of this for any future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept all these terms of use and that you agree to comply and abide to and with them.
If you do not agree to the above and these terms herein, you must not use our site. Continued use of the site following your non acceptance of the terms may result in you being pursued at Law.
For the purposes of these terms and conditions:
(a) "User" means the person or entity to whom a licence has been granted to access and use the Information; and(b) "Information" means the information, reports and other material made available on this site and through this program.
The Publisher (as defined below) grants to the User a non-transferable licence to use this program and internet site and the Information subject to these terms and conditions.
While considerable effort has been taken to ensure that the Information was accurate at the date of preparation none of the author(s), distributor(s) nor publisher(s) here are formerly giving advice in a legal capacity and the Information may be used only on the basis that none of them has any liability for any errors or omissions. You are strongly recommended to consult a qualified professional in any particular case.
Accordingly this program and internet site may be used only on the basis and understanding that the User accepts and/or shall ensure:
that the Information is of a general nature and is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice;
that none of the author(s) nor distributors nor publisher(s) are held responsible for any loss suffered by any person attributable to or caused (whether directly or indirectly) by reliance on the Information or by reason of acting or refraining from action as a result of using this program;
that the User's rights and obligations under these terms and conditions may not be assigned, transferred, charged, sub-licensed, delegated or disposed of in whole or in part on a temporary or a permanent basis without the prior written consent of the Publisher;
that the Information and this program may only be accessed and used by persons permitted to do so in accordance with the terms of the subscription purchased;
that on termination of the licence the User shall immediately cease to have any rights or licence in respect of the Information and shall immediately delete any copies of the Information or any part of it stored pursuant to these terms and conditions;
This website is primarily an aid to rapid reference to sources of employment law including on the World Wide Web and should not be used in isolation. Reference should be made to up to date Acts of Parliament or other statutory or case reports for the precise wording of any statutory or similar provision.
Extracts from statutes and statutory instruments are Crown copyright. Extracts from Bills before Parliament are Parliamentary copyright.
Subject as above and to any specific acknowledgements on particular pages, copyright in the law commentary (indexes and notes) and other Information belongs to the General Federation of Trade Unions, whose registered office is at the GFTU National Office, 86 Wood Lane, Quorn, Loughborough, Leicestershire LEW12 8DB,whose email address is: enquiriesemplaw [dot] co [dot] uk [2] ("the Publisher") and/or its licensors. The Publisher and its licensors retain ownership and title of such information and material regardless of the form or media in or on which the original or other copies may exist. The licence to use the information and material is not a sale of the original or any copy of the information or materials and nothing in the licence is to be construed as granting or otherwise granting or transferring to the authorised user(s) any copyright or ownership interest whatsoever in the Information or program.
No part of the material in this program (data or computer code) may be reproduced whether electronically or in hard copy or in any other form without consent of the copyright owner, save in accordance with the UK Copyright, Designs & Patents Act 1988 [3] and/or the Copyright (Computer Programs) Regulations 1992 SI 1992/3233 [4]. Consent is hereby given to copying of short extracts from the program content provided (i) that copyright of GFTU or any licensor referred to in the relevant Information is acknowledged in writing in any reproduction; (ii) that any reproduction includes a prominent reference to the internet address (URL) of this site, namely www.emplaw.co.uk [5], as the source of the extract and (iii) that the User does not remove, obliterate, conceal or obscure any copyright or other right in the nature of copyright or any other intellectual property right whatsoever in the Information or any part thereof.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
We are the owners or licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may use the short extracts that you are permitted to copy from the site for purposes connected with your personal and/or business use, but must not ‘pass off’ any unmodified content copied or downloaded as your own and such extracts should not be reproduced for commercial purposes (e.g. sold on) without first seeking to obtain a licence to do so from us or our licensors. Such licence shall not be unreasonably withheld or denied, but the granting of such is totally at the sole determination of us or the licensors.
Annual subscribers only (those that purchase a subscription for a year or more) who copy or download short extracts of any page(s) from our site are permitted to modify such for their own business purposes always in accordance with this licence and terms and subject to the restrictions on ‘passing off’ and reproduction for commercial purposes as set out in the paragraph above.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy [6], which sets out the terms on how we process any personal data collected from or about you and sets out information about the cookies on your site. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
www.Emplaw.co.uk [7] is a site operated by the General Federation of Trade Unions and their address is GFTU National Office, Quorn Grange, 86 Wood Lane, Quorn, Leicestershire LE12 8DB.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amendment and such will be your responsibility to check from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
CHANGES TO OUR SITE
We will update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it (but see Accessing Our Site below)
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
ACCESSING OUR SITE
Our site is via a subscription fee of £495.00 per year for an individual log in and there is a discounted pro rata rate for organisations. Each log in can be used on two devices simultaneously
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted only as a visitor or a permitted subscriber. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice prior to doing so. We will not be liable to you for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site, including being correctly licensed to do so.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Subscribers and visitors to the site and receivers of our monthly newsletter will be able to benefit from the following:
Subscribers will see hundreds of law cards and case summaries via the site at emplaw.co.uk
Visitors to the site shall see only a limited number of ‘key points’ only from the law cards
Recipients of the full Emplaw Monthly newsletter will be paying subscribers
There will be an edited version of the newsletter which excludes the professional case summaries and which will be available free to anyone who signs up via the website
Subscribers and visitors may search for employment law practitioners in the ‘Find a Lawyer’ section on our site. A listing does not constitute a recommendation.
Cases and legislative developments which the Publisher considers relevant to the site are added to the database of case summaries and the relevant law cards are updated on a monthly basis.
YOUR ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at enquiriesemplaw [dot] co [dot] uk [2]
NO RELIANCE ON INFORMATION
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
Links to legislation are to the relevant government site which does not incorporate latest amends and as such we shall not be liable to any reliance you place upon the information obtained from such link.
LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
VIRUSES
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
LINKING TO OUR SITE
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact enquiriesemplaw [dot] co [dot] uk [2].
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND RESOURCES IN OUR SITE
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
APPLICABLE LAW
These terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Except where expressly provided to the contrary, these terms and conditions are not intended to be for the benefit of, and shall not be enforceable by any person who is not a party to it, under of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 [8] or otherwise and neither party can declare itself a trustee of the rights under it for the benefit of any third party. These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with English law and the parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in respect of any disputes arising hereunder.
TRADE MARKS
"emplaw" is a trademark of the General Federation of Trade Unions.
CONTACT US
To contact us, please email enquiriesemplaw [dot] co [dot] uk [2]
Source URL: https://www.emplaw.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Links[1] http://www.emplaw.co.uk[2] mailto:enquiriesemplaw [dot] co [dot] uk[3] http://www.statutelaw.gov.uk/legResults.aspx?&amp;activeTextDocId=225024...[4] http://www.statutelaw.gov.uk/legResults.aspx?&amp;activeTextDocId=325959...[5] http://www.emplaw.co.uk/[6] https://www.emplaw.co.uk/privacy-policy[7] http://www.Emplaw.co.uk[8] http://www.statutelaw.gov.uk/legResults.aspx?&amp;activeTextDocId=145897...
Privacy Policy
Who are we?
We are Emplaw, which is a service provided by the General Federation of Trade Unions (www.gftu.org.uk).
The offices of the organisation are at GFTU National Office, Quorn Grange, 86 Wood Lane, Quorn, Leicestershire LE12 8DB
the General Federation of Trade Unions is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of your personal data.
We keep to a minimum the information we hold about you.
We use your data to provide our services to you, respond to your enquiries, manage our relationship with you, meet our legal obligations, and improve our website.
We delete your data when it is no longer needed for these things.
You have privacy rights.
We are happy to talk to you about how we process and protect your data.
Tell me more…
To see more about how we use your personal data, read the notice or notices which apply best to your relationship with us:
I am a paid subscriber to Emplaw Online – click here [1]
I am a free subscriber to Emplaw Monthly – click here [2]
I am a potential subscriber or someone interested in the services provided by Emplaw Online – click here [3]
I am just looking at your website – click here [4]
Source URL: https://www.emplaw.co.uk/privacy-policy
Links[1] https://www.emplaw.co.uk/paid-subscriber-privacy-notice[2] https://www.emplaw.co.uk/emplaw-monthly-free-subscriber-privacy-notice[3] https://www.emplaw.co.uk/potential-subscriber-or-third-party-privacy-notice[4] https://www.emplaw.co.uk/just-browsing-emplaw-website-privacy-notice
uploaded: 5th May 2020.
To contact us, please email enquiriesemplaw [dot] co [dot] uk
Printer-friendly version
© GFTU | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy