http://www.abmission.org/pages/abms-values-policies-and-commitments.html
Skip Navigation
ABM is the national mission agency of the Anglican Church of Australia
Contact Us | News
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Our History ABM Archives How We Work ABM's Values, Policies and Commitments ABM Membership and Associations ABM's Five Marks of Mission Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Our ImpactsOur Board
Governance Our StaffOur PartnersOur Supporters ABM Diocesan Representatives ABM Auxiliary Supporter Stories ABM Coaldrake Award Annual Reports
Projects
Australia Reconciliation Wontulp-Bi-Buya College NATSIAC Gawura School Walkabout Ministries - The Rev Gloria Shipp Nungalinya College Diocese of North Queensland Diocese of the Northern Territory Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Mission Grants Youth Engagement Emergencies Current Humanitarian Emergency Appeals COVID-19 Global Emergency Response
ABM and Emergency Appeals Summary of previous Humanitarian Emergency Appeals Encounter ProgramGeneral Community Development FundHoly Land Gaza Child Nutrition Project Kenya Disability Inclusion Project Sustainable Livelihoods Program Myanmar Integrated Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) Project Sustainable Agriculture in Hpa-an Villages Papua New Guinea Adult Literacy & Positive Parenting Newton Theological College Philippines Asset Based Community Development Solomon Islands Three Projects Vanuatu Integrated WASH and Literacy Project Zambia Integrated Gender Project St John's Theological Seminary
Resources
Get Involved
DonateAppealsAdvocate for Justice Reconciliation Sustainable Development Climate Change Standing in Solidarity Leave a Bequest Writing a Will In Memoriam Articles by Ivan Head
Make a PilgrimageEventsHow Can You Help? Volunteer Fundraise Join the Auxiliary Become an Associate Collect stamps Job VacanciesE-News
Our Vision: ABM wants to see people everywhere experience the wholeness of life God offers in Jesus Christ, and supports our partners as they participate in God's mission.
About
Our HistoryHow We WorkABM's Values, Policies and CommitmentsABM Membership and AssociationsABM's Five Marks of MissionSustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Our ImpactsOur Board Our StaffOur PartnersOur SupportersAnnual Reports
Donate
Leave a Bequest
View Current Appeals
ABM's Values, Policies and CommitmentsAs individuals and as an organisation we embrace the following values:
Faithfulness to God. We celebrate the capacity of every person to respond to God’s love. Holding a clear Christian commitment we respect the traditions and beliefs of other faiths.
Integrity in every aspect of our work. We pursue transparency and accountability in all matters.
Respect for the created order and human dignity. Our mission has its basis in God’s unconditional love made known in Christ. We acknowledge our responsibility to care for Creation. We respect the dignity and vulnerability of each person and seek to emulate God’s love in our relations with others.
Wise management of our resources. Recognising the fine balance between good stewardship and compassionate action we commit ourselves to practical, equitable and merciful outcomes.
Creativity and hard work. We believe that innovation and resourcefulness, combined with diligence, will have a powerful and positive impact on the struggle for justice.
Relational reciprocity. In our internal and external relationships we commit to genuine two-way engagement, shared learning, honesty and cultural sensitivity.
Caring for and serving others. Taking our inspiration from the example of Christ who modelled love and compassion for others.
ABM’s COMMITMENT TO CHILD SAFEGUARDING AND PROTECTION
ABM is committed to the safety and wellbeing of all children. We support the rights of children and will act to ensure a child-safe environment is maintained in all our activities, both in Australian and overseas.
Child Protection Policy
ABM's POlicies
Complaints Procedure
ABM values your feedback, either negative or positive.  If you have a complaint about any aspect of our work, please view the Feedback and Complaints Handing Procedure.
Privacy Policy
We at ABM are committed to protecting your privacy. View ABM's Privacy Policy.
ABM Code of Conduct
ABM has a Code of Conduct that applies to all its staff, volunteers, and governance body members. View ABM’s Code of Conduct here.
Prevention of Sexual Exploitation, Abuse and Harassment Policy
Prevention of Sexual Exploitation, Abuse and Harassment Policy
Non-Development Activity Policies
This policy is in place to ensure that funds provided to ABM for the purpose of development activities are used solely for those activities rather than for non-development activities which include evangelism, politics and welfare.
Development and Non-Development Activities Policy
Conflict of Interest Policy
Conflict of Interest Policy
Transparency Policy
Transparency Policy
< Back
Donate
Leave a Bequest
View Current Appeals
Local Call: 1300 302663
International: +61 2 9264 1021
Enquiries: info@abmission.org.au
Postal address:
Anglican Board of Mission — Australia
Locked Bag Q4005
Queen Victoria Building
NSW 1230
Join our Community
Subscribeto our e-news
Accessibility |
Privacy Policy |
Complaints Procedure |
Site Map
© 2020 Anglican Board of Mission – Australia   ABN 18 097 944 717