http://www.millerchevalier.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Miller & Chevalier Chartered is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Consistent with our professional obligations, the firm exercises the utmost care in its handling of client information and data.
This privacy policy addresses the use of Miller & Chevalier's marketing communications, including our public website and blogs, and our online information practices, as well as the choices you can make about the way your information is used by the firm.
If you are a firm client and have any questions or concerns about your privacy or the confidentiality and security of your information or data, please contact the lawyer handling your matter. As with all clients and prospective clients, for the purpose of representing you or determining if we will represent you, we collect personal information about these, and those who seek to hire us, including basic information about you—your contact, background, and identification information, financial information, technical information, details about our representation of you, and other information you may provide to us.
Miller & Chevalier processes personal data for the purpose of providing our site and services to you, communicating with you, conducting surveys, improving our site and services, and complying with applicable law. The Firm has determined that it has a legitimate interest in carrying out processing for these purposes, subject to applicable law and to the extent that your interest and rights do not override this interest.
Miller & Chevalier does not collect personal information (such as name, address, telephone numbers, or email address) from visitors to its public website or blogs, except when the information is specifically provided by a visitor (for example, in a request to be contacted, or to have information provided by the firm to the visitor, such as subscribing to newsletters or other publications).
We do log each visitor's domain and IP address automatically. This identifies the computer that is being used, but it does not identify the user as an individual by name or email address. For this purpose, we may also use "cookies" (small pieces of information that are stored by your computer's hard drive or browser) to collect information about visitors' use of the website or blogs, including basic information about the visiting computer and its connection to the Internet (e.g., the date and time of access to our site and the domain name and IP address from which the visitor entered our site). We use the information supplied by a visitor or visitor's web browser to track the volume and nature of use of this site and the usefulness of particular sections of the site. This information is aggregated and the statistics are used to assist us in managing our website and blogs. We do not link this information with any personally identifiable data about you. Cookies can be disabled by changing the settings on your browser. If you do decide to disable cookies, you will still be able to access some areas of our website.
Except as explained above, we will not use your individual personal data for any automated profiling or decision-making. In addition, Miller & Chevalier does not sell any data or information to third parties. We do not otherwise provide any data or information to third parties, except as required to maintain our website, blogs, and computer systems, and as may be required by law.
If you choose to provide us with personal information, including your name, title, company affiliation, address, and email, we may use this information solely to respond to your inquiry. We may also use this information to contact you or to send you firm newsletters, alerts, notices of Miller & Chevalier events, or other related information. We also send such material to Miller & Chevalier clients. By providing us with this information, you understand and agree that you accept the terms of this policy and our usage. We will use such information solely for the purpose requested.
We will delete your personal data when it is no longer reasonably required for any of the uses permitted or if you ask us to do so (where applicable). Please note, however, that if the firm is legally required or permitted to retain such data, if the firm determines that it is necessary in relation to legal claims we may make or defend against, or the deletion would require the firm to alter its automated backup systems or disaster recovery systems, we may retain this data for an additional period.
At your request, and in compliance with your rights and as permitted or required under applicable data protection laws and regulations and our professional obligations, we will provide you with a copy of your personal data and will correct any errors you identify to us. You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal data. You also have the right to make a complaint with supervisory authorities regarding our processing of your personal data. All requests, or any questions regarding this policy or our handling of your personal data, should be addressed to Miller & Chevalier's webmaster at inquiries@milchev.com.
As required by applicable law and regulation, we will also comply with your request to stop sending any such further communications.
If you ever determine that you do not want to receive such information, you may click the link to "Unsubscribe" within the email delivering a particular publication or send an email to the Miller & Chevalier webmaster at inquiries@milchev.com to request that you be unsubscribed. You may unsubscribe from particular mailings or from all mailings.
If any of the information that you have provided changes, please let us know the corrected information by sending the updates to the Miller & Chevalier webmaster at inquiries@milchev.com.
Because Miller & Chevalier's website and blogs are operated in the United States, any information submitted to our website and blogs – from any location – will be automatically transmitted to us in the United States. The United States does not provide the same level of data protection as is required in some other parts of the world. Miller & Chevalier's website and blogs use security measures to protect the information you provide to us, but we cannot guarantee that these measures will prevent a third party from unlawfully intercepting or accessing this information. We also cannot guarantee that errors will not occur in the administration of the website or blogs, which would allow such information to be accessed.
Our website and blogs provide external links for your convenience. These links have their own privacy policies and are not monitored by us. As explained more fully in the Disclaimers, we are not responsible for the content or policies of these sites. Your use of any platform or third-party website is subject to their terms of use and privacy policies. We encourage you to read the policies of such other sites.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time without notice. If we do change our policy, the new policy will not go into effect until it is posted on our website and blogs, and will only apply to information collected after the new policy goes into effect. Please recognize that your use of our website and blogs, and your contact with the firm, means that you accept our privacy policy.
If you have any questions or comments about this policy or our handling of your personal data, you may send an email to inquiries@milchev.com, or contact the firm's General Counsel, Mary Lou Soller, by phone at 800-395-1450 or by letter to Miller & Chevalier Chartered, 900 16th Street NW, Washington, DC 20006.