https://www.scbc.org.uk/privacy-policy/
0121 355 5088
office@scbc.org.uk
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Soundcloud
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Soundcloud
Website Privacy/Cookies
This privacy policy applies only to this website. If you do not accept this privacy policy, you should not use this Site.
Collection of personal information
Sutton Coldfield Baptist Church (www.scbc.org.uk) collects personal information (such as name, address, telephone number, email address etc) as provided by you when you complete contact and enquiry forms or send emails to us. Please do not submit your personal information to us if you do not wish us to collect it.
We may also use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it visitor needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Cookies Technology
www.scbc.org.uk (the “Site”) uses cookies and similar technical tools to collect information about your access to the Site and the services we provide.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive that contains a unique label or cookie ID number. The cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site and can allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
When you visit the website at a later date the cookie’s ID number is sent back to the website, allowing the website to recognise the user which can be really useful for you. This remembers you on repeat visits effectively letting you move around the Site without having to keep re-introducing yourself.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Information collected from all visitors
For each visitor to this website, our web server automatically a variety of internet-usage information which are stored in secure log files by google, including:
Type of user agent (web browser) used, software manufacture and version number
Type of operating system
Geographic data e.g. include country, city, state, region, county, or any other geographic data.
Time of visit
Pages visited
Time spent on each page of the website
The website (URI) the user came through in order to arrive at this website (example: clicking on a hyperlink from a search engine that took the user to this website)
Google Analytics data is shared with Google. For more information on Google’s Privacy Policies, visit http://www.google.com/privacy.
This data is only used to optimize our website for our visitors and search engines. We will not use this data for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
Visiting www.allaboutcookies.org will provide information on settings within your browser as well as other useful information on cookies.
If you continue using this Site we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies and similar technical tools from this Site and reserve the right to amend, remove or add new cookies and similar technical tools at any time.
If you would like to disable and or prevent any cookies from this Site from being saved in your browser, then please follow the links below or consult with your internet browser provider.
Useful cookie management resources:
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Get In Touch
Your Name
Email Address
Telephone
Area of interest
---LivestreamAll aboardCafeChurchQuestions of LifeFood bankOther (please state)
How can we help?
Please leave this field empty.
Latest Posts
11th December 10th December 9th December 8th December
Devotional Videos Search
Search for:
Office Hours:
8.30am - 3pm
Safeguarding
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy/Cookies
Sitemap
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Soundcloud
© 2020 Sutton Coldfield Baptist Church.
All Rights Reserved.
Our site uses cookies, which helps us to improve our site and enables us to deliver the best possible service and customer experience. By clicking Accept, you are agreeing to our cookie policy. AcceptPrivacy Policy