http://www.goodwordbooks.com/terms-use
Search form
Search
Create account Log in Cart (0 items) Wishlist
Terms of Use
Welcome to Goodword BooksGoodword Books provides its services to you subject to the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement (the "Agreement"). In addition, when you use any goodwordbooks.com service (e.g., Purchase, Reviews), you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and they are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Goodword Books reserves the right to change this Goodword Books and below mentioned terms and conditions at any point of time without any prior written notice. It is “Your” responsibility to review these Terms of Use regularly for updates / changes. Your continued use of the Goodword Books following the posting of changes will mean that “You” accept and agree to the revisions. As long as “You” comply with these Terms of Use, We grant “You” a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use goodwordbooks.com. Accessing, browsing, purchasing or otherwise using the site indicates your agreement to all the terms and conditions in this agreement, so please read this agreement document carefully before proceeding. By impliedly or expressly accepting these Terms of Use, You also accept and agree to be bound by Goodword Books Policies.
The mentioned document is an e-record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to e-records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This e-record is computer generated and does not require any digital or physical signatures.
This document is in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and Terms of Use for browse or usage of Goodword Books.
The domain Goodwordbooks.com is owned by Goodword Books incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 with its registered office at 1, Nizamuddin Wet Market, New Delhi-110013, India.
Your use of Goodword Books and its services and tools are governed by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”) as applicable to Goodword Books including the applicable policies which are incorporated herein by way of reference. If “You” transact on Goodword Books, “You” shall be subject to the policies that are applicable to Goodword Books for such transaction. By just browsing Goodword Books, You shall be contracting with Goodword Books and these terms and conditions including the policies that constitute “Your” binding obligations, with
Goodword BooksFor the purpose of these Terms and conditions, wherever the context so requires "You" or “User” shall mean any natural or legal person who has agreed to become a buyer on goodwordbooks.com by providing registration data while registering on the Goodword Books as registered user using the computer systems, laptops, mobile gadgets etc
Use of SiteUse of Goodwordbooks.com is available only to those individuals who can form legally binding contracts under Indian Contract Act, 1872. Individual who are "incompetent to contract" within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including minors, un-discharged insolvents etc. are not eligible to use Goodword Books. If you are a minor i.e. under the age of 18 years, you shall not register and shall not transact on or use Goodword Books. If you are a minor and wish to use or transact on Goodword Books, such use or transaction may be made by your legal guardian or parents on Goodword Books. Goodword Books reserves the right to terminate your membership and / or decline to provide access to Goodword Books, if it is brought to Goodword Books’s notice or if it is discovered that you are minor.
By using the Goodword Books, You agree, undertake and confirm that Your use of Goodword Books shall be strictly governed by the following binding rules:1. You shall not add, display, upload, modify, publish, sell, update or share any information which:
belongs to someone else and to which You does not have any right to;
is unacceptably harmful, harassing, defamatory, blasphemous, obscene, libelous, pornographic, pedophilic, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever; or unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing including but not limited to "indecent representation of women" within the meaning of the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act, 1986;
is misleading/deceptive/confusing in any way;
is patently offensive to the online community, such as sexually explicit content, or content that promotes vulgarity, racism, pedophilia, bigotry, hatred or physical or mental harm of any kind against any group or individual;
comprises the transmission of "junk mail”, "chain letters”, or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming";
violates/infringe any third party's rights [including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of privacy (including without limitation unauthorized disclosure of a person's name, email address, physical address or phone number) or rights of publicity];
Promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work
contains video, photographs, or images of another person (with a minor or an adult).
tries to gain unauthorized access/exceeds the scope of authorized access to the Goodword Books or to profiles, blogs, communities, account information, bulletins, friend request, or other areas of the Goodword Books or solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users;
engages in any gambling activity which We, in Our sole discretion, believes is or could be construed as being illegal;
interferes with another USER's use and access of the Goodword Books or any other individual's User and access of similar services;
violets any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights or third party’s trade secrets or rights of publicity or privacy or shall not be deceitful or involve the sale of counterfeit/bogus or stolen products;
violates any law for the time being in force;
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; or contains any worms, time bombs, Trojan horses, cancel bots, Easter eggs or other computer programming routines that may harm, detrimentally interfere with, diminish value of, surreptitiously/covertly intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information;
threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.
2. You may not use the Goodword Books or any content for any purpose that is against the law or forbidden by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Goodword Books and / or Goodword Books.
3. You shall at all times ensure complete compliance with the applicable provisions of the IT Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and as amended from time to time and also all applicable Domestic laws, rules and regulations (including the provisions of any applicable Exchange Control Laws or Regulations in Force) and International Laws, Foreign Exchange Laws, Statutes, Ordinances and Regulations (including, but not limited to Sales Tax/VAT, Income Tax, Octroi, Service Tax, Central Excise, Custom Duty, Local Levies) regarding Your use of Our service and Your listing, purchase, solicitation of offers to purchase, and sale of products or services. You shall not engage in any transaction in an item or service, which is prohibited by the provisions of any applicable law including exchange control laws or regulations for the time being in force.
4. Solely to authorize Goodword Books to use the information you supply with, so that we are not violating any rights, you might have in your Information, you agree to grant Goodword Books a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise the copyright, publicity, database rights or any other rights you have in your Information, in any media now known or not currently known, with respect to your information. We will only use your details according to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy applicable to use of Goodword Books.
Contents Posted on SiteAll text, descriptions, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, Inside page views, trademarks, logos, and artwork (collectively, “Content”), is a third party user generated content and Goodword Books has no control over such third party user generated content as Goodword Books is just an intermediary for the purposes of this Terms of Use.
Trademark, Copyright and RestrictionThis site is controlled and managed by Goodword Books and products are sold by respective publishers. All material on this site, including images, and illustrations, are protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. Products on Goodword Books is solely for Your personal, non-commercial use. You must not copy, duplicate, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute such product in any way, including by email or other electronic means and whether directly or indirectly and You must not help/ask any other person to do so. Without the prior written consent of the owner, alteration of the products, use of the products on any other Goodword Books or networked computer environment or use of the products for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial use is a violation of the copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary rights, and is prohibited. Any use for which you receive any remuneration, whether in money or otherwise, is a commercial use for the purposes of this clause.
Trademark and Copyright complaintGoodword Books respects the intellectual property of others. In case you feel that your Trademark / Copyrighted content has been infringed, you can write to Goodword Books at info@goodwordbooks.com
Product DescriptionGoodword Books we do not warrant that Product/Books description or other content on Goodword Books is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free and assumes no liability in this regard.
Limitation of Liability and DisclaimerExcept as otherwise stated in the standard terms of sale that govern the sale of each books, magazines, stationary items and any things available for sale or for promotion on goodwordbooks.com, the products offered for sale on it and the transactions conducted through it are provided by Goodword Books on an "as is" basis. Goodword Books makes no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied, as to the working of the site or the content, information, materials, or products included on Goodword Books. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Goodword Books disclaims all warranties, express or implied. This site may include inaccuracies, mistakes or typographical errors. Goodword Books does not warrant that the content will be uninterrupted or error free. Goodword Books will not be liable for any damages of any kind occurring from the use of this site. In no event shall Goodword Books. be liable for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind in connection with these terms of use, even if user has been informed in advance of the possibility of such damages.
Registration and Account ObligationsIf “You” use Goodword Books, the onus of maintaining the confidentiality of your Display Name and Password is on you. You shall be responsible for all actions that occur under your Display Name and Password. You agree that if You provide any information that is inaccurate, untrue, not current or incomplete or We have reasonable information to suspect that such information is inaccurate, untrue, not current or incomplete, or not in accordance with the Terms of Use mentioned here, We shall have the authority to indefinitely suspend or terminate of your membership on Goodword Books and refuse to provide “You” with access.
ChargesMembership and browsing on Goodword Books is free for buyers and visitors. Goodword Books does not charge any membership fee for browsing and buying on the Goodword Books. Goodword Books reserves the right to change its Fee Policy anytime without giving any prior notice to this effect. In particular, Goodword Books has the sole discretion to introduce new services, offers, promotion and modify some or all of the existing services offered on the Goodword Books In such an event Goodword Books reserves the right to charge fees for the new services offered or amend/introduce fees for existing services, as the case may be. Amendments to the Fee Policy shall be published on Goodword Books and such changes shall automatically become effective instantly after they are published on Goodword Books. Unless otherwise stated, all fees/charges shall be quoted in Indian Rupees and US Dollar. You shall be solely responsible for compliance of all applicable laws including those in India for making payments to Goodword Books.
Reviews and CommentsExcept as otherwise provided somewhere else in this Agreement or on Goodword Books, whatever you submit or provide, including without limitation, techniques, ideas, know-how, reviews, questions, comments, and suggestions is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and Goodword Books shall have the royalty-free, copy, distribute, display, publish, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and transferable right to use, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from such submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such Submissions. All Submissions shall automatically become the sole and exclusive property of Goodword Books and shall not be returned to you. In addition to the rights applicable to any Submission, when you post comments or reviews on Goodword Books, you also grant Goodword Books the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other Content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments and other Content that you post on Goodword Books and that use of your reviews, comments, or other Content by Goodword Books will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party.
Termination and Effect of TerminationIn addition to any other lawful/legal or rightful remedies, Goodword Books may, without prior intimation to you, immediately terminate the Agreement or revoke any or all of your rights granted under this Agreement. Upon any termination of this Agreement, you shall immediately cease all access to your account and use of Goodword Books, we shall, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, instantly revoke all password(s) and account identification issued to you and deny your access to and use of Goodword Books in whole or in part. Any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the respective rights and obligations (including without limitation, payment obligations) of the parties arising before the date of termination.
Typographical ErrorsIn the event an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information / description due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers/Publishers, goodwordbooks.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Goodword Books shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card/ Debit Card/ Net Banking charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Goodword Books shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card/Debit Card/ Net Banking account in the amount of the charge.
LinksThis site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that Goodword Books is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
ContactPlease send any questions, Feedback, Comment, or complaint (including all inquiries related to copyright and Trademark infringement) regarding Goodword Books to info@goodwordbooks.com
Copyright © 2020,
Newsletter Sign-up
Newsletter Sign-up
Stay Connected
About us
Contact UsHistory
Founders
Awards
BlogNewsCareerAuthor’s GuidelinesFeedbackTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemap
Wholesale
FAQs
Become a DistributorWholesale
Catalogue / Order Form
Wholesale AccountFeedback
Buy online
Quran
Quran Distribution
Translations of the QuranBe a Quran Distributor
Order Free QuranQuran apps / ebooks
Policies
Privacy Policy
Delivery & Shipping
Refund & Cancellation
Terms of Use
© 2021 GOODWORD BOOKS. All rights reserved.