http://www.population.org.au/policy/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Personal information
Personal information provided to SPA and information collected through this website will not be disclosed to any third party outside SPA unless one of the following applies:
the individual has consented
the individual would reasonably expect, or has been told, that information of that kind is usually passed to those individuals, bodies or agencies
it is required or authorised by law
it will prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to somebody’s life or health
the disclosure is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of the criminal law or of a law imposing a pecuniary penalty, or for the protection of public revenue.
Statistical data
When an individual browses our website, our systems make a record of the individual’s visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
the individual’s server address
the individual’s top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .org, .au, etc)
the pages the individual accessed and documents downloaded
the previous site the individual visited and
the type of browser being used.
We do not identify users or their browsing activities except, in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the internet service provider’s server logs.
Mailing lists
Individuals joining our email lists will have their contact details stored in password protected databases. Position holding members (webmaster, secretary etc.) have access to our website’s backend system which is password protected. Our website server, hosted by our internet service provider, is also password protected.
Cookies
Our website uses session cookies during a search query of the website and when an individual accesses various sections of this website. When an individual closes their browser the session cookie set by our website is destroyed and no personal information is maintained which might identify an individual should they visit our website at a later date.
Whilst every attempt has been made to protect visitors’ privacy, The SPA accept no fault if these systems result in a breach of privacy.
Scroll to Top