http://www.brookspierce.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Updated February 3, 2020GeneralBrooks Pierce understands your privacy is important and is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal data.  This Privacy Policy explains how we handle personal data collected when you use our website (www.brookspierce.com). Data We Collect and How We Use ItWe collect personal data that you provide through voluntary submissions via this website, for example, by registering for an event, by signing up for our newsletters/alerts and mailing lists, by submitting your resume and related information for employment, and by submitting an inquiry or comment to us online.  Such information may include your name, email address, physical address, phone number, device IP address, location, and other information you voluntarily provide.  We use this information to respond to your inquiries and requests; to deliver newsletters, alerts, and other information you request; to evaluate employment opportunities; to analyze website usage and improve our website; and to personalize content.  We also use cookies and web beacons as described below.Submitting your information to us, or receiving newsletters, alerts, and other responses from us or confirmation for event registration, does not establish an attorney-client relationship between you and Brooks Pierce. Please see our Website Terms of Use and Disclaimer for additional information.By submitting your personal data to us through this website you consent to our collection, use, processing, sharing, storage, security, retention and access as described in this Privacy Policy.Cookies and Tracking Policy  We may share data from cookies and web beacons with our advertising and analytics service providers.A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user.  This website may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, analyze how visitors interact with our website, analyze user browsing and navigation patterns, and for other purposes. You are not required to accept cookies to use this website. If you elect not to accept cookies, certain functionality of this website may not work properly. This website may also use web beacons, which allow us to track users who have visited our website and collect personal data that may be used for retargeting and other advertising purposes. Your data from web beacons may be combined with your geolocation data by our third-party service providers.Additionally, our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies and other technologies to analyze how users use our website. We review aggregated data provided to us through Google Analytics to analyze website usage and improve our website. Google Analytics has its own privacy policy, which is located here (link is external).  By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes described here and in the Google Analytics privacy policy. You can opt out of Google Analytics collection and use of data generated by your use of our website by visiting http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Do Not Track SignalsOur website does not respond to do not track signals.How We Share DataWe may share your personal data with third parties that perform services on our behalf, for example, technical, marketing/public relations, and content service providers.  We may also share our email and mailing lists (including your name and contact information) with associates for marketing and promotional purposes. We do not authorize such third parties to use your personal data except as necessary to provide services to us or for marketing and promotional purposes authorized by us.  We may also collect and report to third parties aggregated information from our website. Additionally, we may disclose your personal data (1) to comply with a law, regulation, or other governmental request, for example, to comply with subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or requests by law enforcement or governmental entities; (2) to investigate or defend against third-party claims against us; (3) to detect, prevent, or investigate fraud or other illegal activity; (4) to repair or resolve technical issues in the operation of this website; (5) to respond to a request by you to disclose the information; and (6) to address emergencies or acts of god.  We may share your personal data as an asset of the business in the event of a sale, merger, or other business combination or transfer involving Brooks Pierce.Links to Third Party SitesThis website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal data collected by this website (www.brookspierce.com).  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website.Security of Personal DataWe implement reasonable technical, physical, and administrative security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration, and destruction of personal data collected through this website.  We cannot and do not guarantee that your personal data will never be breached.Retention of Personal DataWe will retain your personal data for as long as we deem reasonably necessary or desirable, unless a different retention period is required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.  We reserve the right to delete or destroy any information collected, including personal data, at any time.Access to Your Personal Data and How to Contact UsIf you have questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to correct, update, amend, or delete/remove personal data that you have provided to us, you may contact us by email or regular mail at:Jennifer Griffin Scotton, Director of Marketingjscotton@brookspierce.comBrooks PierceP.O. Box 1800Raleigh, NC 27601You may choose to stop receiving our newsletters, alerts, or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you may contact us at jscotton@brookspierce.com.Updates to this Privacy PolicyWe may update or change our privacy practices and this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we update the Privacy Policy, we will publish an announcement on our website.   The date at the top of this Privacy Policy reflects the date of the most recent update.
Print PDF