http://www.charitychoice.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Login or Sign up
Find a Charity
Charity Reports
Gifts in Wills
Stories
Are You a Charity?
Register Your Charity
The Fundraiser Blog
Find a Volunteer
Find Donated Goods
Fundraising Tips and Guides
Events
Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions govern www.charitychoice.co.uk (the "Website") and form a legal agreement between Wilmington Group and its associated companies and you.
In addition to these terms and conditions, your use of the Website is governed by our Copyright Notice and Privacy Policy (see here) (the "Policies").
By using the Website, you indicate that you accept and agree to abide by both these terms and conditions and the Policies. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using the Website.
Information about us
The Website is a site operated by Wilmington Publishing & Information Limited ("We" or "Us"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 03368442 and have our registered office at 5th Floor, The White Chapel Building, 10 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 8QS. Our VAT number is GB899372551. We are a limited company.
The Website forms a conduit between charities and users allowing the users to donate money, goods or specialist services, fundraise, volunteer, leave a legacy, make a pledge, or just become a friend of the charity.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at editorial@charitychoice.co.uk.
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner charities, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own terms, conditions and policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
The Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Act") gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Any changes we may make to these terms and conditions or the Policies in the future will be posted on this page. In certain exceptional circumstances, we may make more significant changes to these Terms and Conditions or Policies, and in those circumstances, you will be notified by e-mail.
About the Charities and Organisations featured on the Website
The Website enables you to volunteer, donate money (via a third party url) or goods or services, leave a gift in your will to any of the charities and organisations listed on the Website.
Charities and not-for-profit organisations are accepted as members at our discretion and will only be accepted if they are registered with the Charity Commission or Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator, or if they are registered as a charity with HM Revenue & Customs ("HMRC").
In cases where charities may not meet this criteria, we will accept charities that can provide evidence of their tax-exempt status in the form of a tax-exemption certificate. We have the right to refuse charities if sufficient evidence of charitable status has not been provided.
The charities listed on the site include over 160,000 charities obtained from a monthly data feed from the Charity Commission, and this information is subject to Crown copyright.
Charities and not-for-profit organisations can have similar names: it is your responsibility to check that you are donating to the organisation you intended.
If you are a charity and would like to know more about how to join the Website, please click here.
Donations concluded through our site
After the 31st July 2018 Charity Choice will no longer run our own donation facility. Instead charities will now be able to link to the donation facility of their choice. Charity Choice will not be responsible for ANY donation queries arising from donations made via these external links to a charities own website or choice of donation facility. Any donations prior ro this date will be subject to our pre 31st July 2018  terms and conditions which are available on request.
Liability
Details of our liability can be found in clause 4 of the Policies.
Uploading material to the Website
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to the Website (e.g. to your own fundraising page or donation facility page), or to make contact with other users of the Website, you must comply with the Policies, these Terms of Service and any applicable local, national or international laws or regulations. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with the Policies, these Terms of Service and any applicable local, national or international laws or regulations, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
Any material you upload to the Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.
In uploading material to the Website, you are allowing the public to access and use that material.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to the Website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials or messages posted by you or any other user of the Website.
We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on the Website if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with the Policies, these Terms of Service and any applicable local, national or international laws or regulations.
Goods, Volunteering and Service Offers
We make no claims, guarantees or promises about the accuracy, currency or completeness of any information provided by charities or other users. All responsibility for the content of information exchanged between charities and users lies with the person from whom the information originated.
We do not pre-screen or approve volunteers. It is the sole responsibility of the relevant charity to review any individual who volunteers themselves through the Website to work for the charity.
Any goods donated or gifted are provided on as-is basis, and we do not warrant or guarantee the quality, merchantability or value of the goods.
User Behaviour
As a user you must not:
misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any other person or organisation;
use the Website to send junk email or 'spam' to people who do not wish to receive email from you;
use the Website to conduct, display or forward surveys, raffles, lotteries, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters or other activities that are not in any way related to the Website or the services provided from the Website; or
interfere with, or disrupt, the service or services or networks connected to the service and introduce any computer virus (including any variant or similar malicious code or instructions) to our systems; or
post or upload to the Website any content that is defamatory to any person, obscene, hateful, offensive or inflammatory, sexually explicit, promotes violence or any illegal activity.
Building a fundraising page in aid of a charity in no way implies neither our nor the charity's endorsement of your fundraising activity. Many charities disapprove of, and do not wish to be involved in, dangerous sports or unusual challenges. It is your responsibility to check with the charity first that your chosen activity does not contravene the charity's policies.
We reserve the right to cancel your membership and delete any fundraising page without notice in the event of a breach of the above rules. In such a scenario all monies previously donated through your fundraising page shall be held by the relevant charity.
Failure to comply with these Terms of Service
In the event that you commit a breach of these Terms of Service, we reserve the right at our sole discretion to immediately, and without notice, suspend or permanently deny your access to all or part of the Website and associated services.
Termination
You may discontinue use of the Website and associated services at any time. These Terms of Service will continue to apply to past use by you. Please note that f you have booked advertising your order terms and conditions will apply.
It is your responsibility post-termination to remove any information about you or your charity from the Website (including any micro-sites or donation pages you may have set up).
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on the Website.
Third party rights
A person who is not a party to these Terms of Service has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of these Terms of Service.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to the Website although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
GDPR
This clause sets out the responsibilities of Wilmington Publishing and Information Ltd (‘WPI’), and the Customer in relation to the General Data Protection Regulation and any other applicable data protection law (Data Protection Law). Any terms or words defined in Data Protection Law and used in this clause relating to personal data shall have the meaning set out in Data Protection Law. Where WPI processes any personal data in relation to services or products covered by these Terms and Conditions, it does so as a data controller on its own behalf (including in order to comply with its obligations and exercise its rights under this agreement), and shall comply with Data Protection Law in respect of such processing. Where the Customer provides any personal data in relation to this agreement, it warrants that it does so in compliance with Data Protection Law and that WPI may, under Data Protection Law, process such data as required or anticipated by this agreement, and the Customer shall be responsible for any costs, losses or expenses WPI incurs or suffers as a result of breach of such warranty.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on the Website, please contact editorial@charitychoice.co.uk.
Thank you for visiting the Website.
Top of page
General
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with Us
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Charity Supporters
Download a charity report
Donate
Find an event
Leave a gift in your Will
Volunteer
Offer Goods
Charities
Create a microsite
Help For Charities
Promote your event
Find volunteers
Find offered goods
Book Store
Charity Terms & Conditions
Follow Us
© 2020 Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd, a division of Wilmington plc.
Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd is a company registered in England & Wales with company number 03368442 GB.
Registered office: 5th Floor, The White Chapel Building, 10 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 8QS.
VAT NO.GB 899 3725 51