http://www.butterfly-conservation.org/privacy-and-cookies
Skip to main content
Our President - Sir David Attenborough
Senior Staff
Council
Communications Office
AGM, Reports and Accounts
Contact
Email newsletter
This privacy statement together with our terms of use sets out how Butterfly Conservation and Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd processes any personal data which we collect from you or which you provide to us.
This applies to the entire website. Any changes to these policies will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Butterfly Conservation and Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd are committed to respecting the privacy of all visitors to its website. You can visit our website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. If you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be processed in accordance with this privacy statement.
We comply with data protection legal requirements and are registered under the General Data Protection Regulations 2016 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003.
Information we may collect and how we will use it
Butterfly Conservation and Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd use information we collect to help us with understanding more about how our site is used and to be able to send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise.  We may collect information about you from forms you fill in on our website, if you contact us, if you participate in surveys or if you make a donation or join Butterfly Conservation as a member. Your information will only be shared when there is a specific purpose bound by contract, for example to our partner mailing house to send membership renewals or magazines etc.  Use of your data for this purpose is strictly controlled and you will only ever be sent information from Butterfly Conservation or Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd subject to legal basis.
When you are on the website and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Butterfly Conservation and Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd alone, unless explicitly stated otherwise, for example, a partner company WorldPay.  Butterfly Conservation and Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information, except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe the law requires it.
When you are using our secure online donation/ membership pages you are going through to WorldPay, and the information you give, such as credit card number and contact information, is provided so that the transaction can take place.
If you indicate that you are interested in receiving regular information about Butterfly Conservation or Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd’s activities, we will send you communications either electronically or by post. In addition, we may send you information from related third parties that we feel may be of interest to you when you have provided informed consent.
When you give us personal information you can be confident that we will ensure its use will be restricted to Butterfly Conservation and Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd unless we say otherwise. If you give us your name and address you may be mailed with information about our work if you have provided informed consent. We are only able to email you with the information you have consented to receive. We will not pass your email address to a third party without your express permission.
Butterfly Conservation and Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd will:
We will never swap, sell or rent your details to anyone.
We will always follow the strict code of conduct set out by the Fundraising Regulator (https://www.fundraisingregulator.org.uk/code-of-fundraising-practice/code-of-fundraising-practice/).
You can change how you hear from us or unsubscribe from our mailing lists at any time, just let us know.
Payments
We use GoCardless to process your Direct Debit payments. More information on how GoCardless processes your personal data and your data protection rights, including your right to object, is available at https://gocardless.com/privacy
We use SagePay to process your credit and debit card payments on our Join and Donate pages. More information on how SagePay processes your personal data and your data protection rights, is available at https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy
We use WorldPay to process your credit and debit card payments on our events booking pages. More information on how WorldPay processes your personal data and your data protection rights, is available at https://online.worldpay.com/terms/privacy
Cookies
Like most websites, Butterfly Conservation and Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd uses cookies on its websites in order to provide a more personalised and enhanced service.
A cookie is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded on to a device when the user accesses certain websites. Cookies are then sent back to originating website on each subsequent visit. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
There are two types of cookies:
per session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookies file of your browser until you leave the site: and
persistent cookies, which remain in the cookies file of your browser for longer (how long depends on the lifetime of the specific cookie). These cookies are used to store information between visits to a site.
For more information about cookies, please see www.allaboutcookies.org
By using Butterfly Conservation's websites you are confirming that you are happy to accept our use of cookies. If you do not wish to receive cookies you can easily modify your web browser to refuse cookies, or to notify you when you receive a new cookie. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled, and so in order to enjoy Butterfly Conservation’s site to the full, we recommend that you leave them switched on. For instructions on how to stop cookies being installed on your browser, please see:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies
Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
Cookies used on Butterfly Conservation websites:
1. www. butterfly-conservation.org
SagePay and WorldPay - we use these 3rd party services to process the payments for credit/debit card memberships and donations and they use cookies as part of this process. These cookies are strictly necessary to provide the service the user requests (taking the membership/donation to the checkout). You can view the SagePay privacy policy at https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy and the WorldPay privacy policy at https://online.worldpay.com/terms/privacy
We use GoCardless to process your Direct Debit payments. More information on how GoCardless processes your personal data and your data protection rights, including your right to object, is available at https://gocardless.com/privacy
Migrant Watch - the "Your Details" page uses a persistent cookie if the visitor ticks the "Remember your details?" box. This cookie is only used if the visitor gives consent.
2. www.bigbutterflycount.org:
Temporary session cookies are used for each step of the submission process.
The "Your Details" page uses a persistent cookie if the visitor ticks the "Remember your details?" box. This cookie is only used if the visitor gives consent.
A persistent cookie is used if you enter your details to download the ID chart.
3. www.mothscount.org
No cookies are used on mothscount.org (except for Google Analytics - see below)
4. "Analytical" cookies
All Butterfly Conservation's websites use "analytical" cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they're using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily.
5. Third-Party cookies
Our websites use YouTube to play video and visitors should be aware that YouTube may use cookies to gather information. Our websites also use social networking sharing buttons and these third-party services may also use cookies to gather information.
Your Rights
Butterfly Conservation and Butterfly Conservation Trading Ltd will give you frequent opportunities to opt out of any activities that you might not be interested in. Feel free to tell us, at any time, if you do or do not wish to receive certain types of communications.   You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at @email or write to Butterfly Conservation, Manor Yard, East Lulworth, Wareham, Dorset, BH20 5QP.  We want to keep you up to date with our work and we may, in the future, wish to send you details of our membership, fundraising appeals, raffle tickets and the like.
What to do if you think we have incorrect information or would like a copy of the information we hold on you?
You may request details of your personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulations 2016 and this is not subject to any fee or charge. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
Chief Executive
Butterfly Conservation
Manor Yard
East Lulworth
Wareham
Dorset
BH20 5QP
Tel: 01929 400209
E-mail: @email
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you change your email address or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at @email or write to Butterfly Conservation, Manor Yard, East Lulworth, Wareham, Dorset, BH20 5QP. We will correct any information promptly.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. WorldPay, PayPal and JustGiving use encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.  Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  We ask you not to share a password with anyone.  Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.  Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Other Websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Minors
If you are aged 16 or under then we are required to obtain your parent or guardian’s consent to be able to process any personal information relating to you.  If this consent is not given you are not allowed to give us any personal information.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to @email or write to Butterfly Conservation, Manor Yard, East Lulworth, Wareham, Dorset, BH20 5QP.