http://www.sternekessler.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
To help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and make informed decisions when using our site.
Sterne Kessler is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit our website (“Visitors”) and individuals who submit resumes, subscribe to receive client alerts, newsletters, event notifications and other intellectual property insights from the professionals at Sterne Kessler Goldstein & Fox (Sterne Kessler). This Privacy Policy applies to data provided on or through the Sterne Kessler website located at www.sternekessler.com, and describes Sterne Kessler’s privacy practices in connection with the use of Sterne Kessler's website and Services (collectively, the “Services”). It also describes the choices available to you with regard to the use of your Personal Information (defined below) and how you can access and update this information. The use of information collected through the Sterne Kessler Services shall be limited to the purposes of providing the Services for which the Visitor or Client has engaged Sterne Kessler and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our web site.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.  We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial web sites, our web site utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" for web server logs to collect information about how our web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our web site, and the web sites visited just before our web site.  This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use this Information?
We use cookies and web server logs to gather information about our web site users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our web site and better serve our customers.  This information assists us in designing and arranging our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and helps us continually improve our web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices
Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations
Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information.  In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Sharing Information with Outside Parties
We do not share information with outside parties about our site visitors.
Privacy Principals.
Sterne Kessler follows these principals in order to protect your privacy:
We do not collect any more Personal Information than is necessary to provide the Services;
We only use your Personal Information for the purposes we specify in this Privacy Policy, unless you agree otherwise;
We do not keep your Personal Information if it is no longer needed; and
Other than as we specify in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your Personal Information with third parties.
How Do We Use Your Information?
Sterne Kessler uses information, including Personal Information, provided by you to provide the Services and for business purposes such as contractual, billing, service improvement, research, marketing, and for other general purposes.
If you apply for a job with us, we will collect, process and store the information you provide to us for recruitment purposes. We may also retain some of your information for a reasonable period of time for purposes of considering you for future positions.
Sterne Kessler will not share your Personal Information, or otherwise make your Personal Information available to any other parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell, rent, or exchange your Personal Information with any third-parties without permission from you.
Subscribing and Unsubscribing.
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), alerts, or other content distribution lists, we will use your name, address and email address to send the relevant content to you. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each of these emails, or you can contact us using the contact information below.
Updating or Removing Your Personal Information.
You may update or remove your Personal Information by contacting us here. You can also make such request by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. You may withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Information at any time by contacting us using the contact information below, but that will mean we can no longer provide the Services to you. We will respond to your requests regarding changes to Personal Information or Service changes promptly, but in any event within 30 days of your call or receipt of your request.
Retention of Personal Information.
Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you with the Services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Footer Utility Menu
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
Sitemap
© 2020 Sterne, Kessler, Goldstein & Fox P.L.L.C.
Attorney advertising; prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.