http://www.deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk/privacy-policy.aspx
Accessibility links
Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to search
Accessibility help
Search for
Search here
Your account
Secondary navigation
Home
Blog
Gallery
Find Us
Contact Us
Main navigation
The Team
About Us
Faith at Dean Gibson
Our Location
School Performance
Governors
Special Educational Needs and Inclusion
Sports Premium Funding
School Timetable
Curriculum
Admissions
Class Pages
Reception
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Pupil Page
Parent Information
School Policies
Home school agreement
School Prospectus
Newsletters & Covid Information
Reading at Key Stage 1
Online Safety
School Shop
Boys Uniform
Girls Uniform
Wrap Around Care
PTFA News
Term Dates
Lunch Menu
Parental Consent for Medication
School Inspections
Maths at Dean Gibson
Pupil Premium & Sports Funding
Medical News
How to apply - Free School Meals & Pupil Premium
School Results
Pupdate
Online learning
Reception New Starters 2021
Out of the Classroom
Little Deanies Nursery
Dates for your diary
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This site is controlled and operated by Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School (referred to in this Privacy Policy as "Dean Gibson", "we", "us", "our" or "deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk". This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains what personally identifiable information is collected and recorded about you during your visit to this site and what we do with that information. This Policy is incorporated into and forms part of the terms and conditions which apply to your use of the site. Please read this Policy carefully before submitting any information.
Your consent
By accessing, browsing or otherwise using this site, you agree and consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this policy. Personal information is any information which identifies you including, for example, your name, email address, contact details etc.
Active information collection
Dean Gibson collects personal information that you voluntarily provide via the site. For example, when using the Enquiry Form we may ask you to provide your name, address, telephone numbers and email address. This is not an exhaustive list and we may ask for additional information as relevant from time to time.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through the site, certain information may be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as:
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and web logs
Cookies
Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses and Web Logs
An IP address is assigned to your computer each time that you access the Internet. This enables your computer to send and receive data. Generally, every time you connect to the Internet, your IP address changes. However, in some circumstances (i.e. with some broadband connections) your IP address is fixed. A fixed IP address can be associated with your particular computer and may, therefore, amount to your personal information.
Web log information is non-personal information that is collected by the computer that hosts the site each time you visit. Examples of the type of information that can be collected using your IP address and/or web log information include details of the date and time that you visited the site and the type of Internet browser and computer operating system that you used. We, or our authorised agents, use your IP address and/or web log information to collect and report aggregate information on how the site is being used and ways in which the site can be improved.
Cookies
A link to our Cookie Policy page is available in the Related Pages section of this page, at the bottom after this article.
Use of your information
We may use your personal information:
to respond to your questions or requests for additional information
to provide you with information that you have specifically requested or that we have asked if you would like to receive
for internal analysis so that we can better understand how we can improve our site, products and services
In addition we may use your information to inform you from time to time of other products and/or services we offer which we consider may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive information in this way then you should leave the relevant checkbox ("Keep in Touch" on the Feedback and Enquiry form) unchecked when we ask for your consent to do this. You may otherwise email us at any time at admin@deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk to indicate that you do not want to receive information in this way from us.
Sharing your information
We may use third parties to perform functions on our behalf in relation to the site and the purposes set out in this policy (for example, website hosting). Such third parties may be provided with access to your personal information if needed to perform their specific functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.
It is possible that Dean Gibson could merge with or be acquired by another business or that the operation of the site will be transferred or sub-contracted to another legal entity. To the extent legally permissible, we may share with, or otherwise transfer your personal information to, the resulting legal entity.
Except as set out above, we will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless:
we have informed you about the disclosure when you submitted your information to us and you consented to the disclosure
the disclosure is required or permitted by law or by court order
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information as you visit and use the site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Unfortunately no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result we cannot warrant the security of any information you provide to us and you do so at your own risk.
Storage
Your personal information is stored on secure servers managed by Thought Studio Limited t/a The Creative Branch. Information collected from the use of the site, including personal information, may be stored on secure servers located outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") in countries whose privacy laws are not as rigorous as those of the EEA. However, we always take steps to ensure the security of your data. By using the site, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to countries outside the EEA.
Your Rights
If you would like to access the personally identifiable information we have collected about you via the site, or if you would like to cancel, correct or update your information, you may:
email us at admin@deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk
contact us by post at: Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School, Hawesmead Avenue, Kendal, Cumbria LA9 5HB.
To protect your privacy and security we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making any such cancellations, corrections or updates.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time. Changes to this policy will be posted on this site. Your continued subscription to or use of the site constitutes your acceptance of the policy as revised. It is your responsibility to review the policy frequently. Please contact us at admin@deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk if you have any questions about this policy.
Copyright © Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School 2013. All rights reserved.
You might also be interested in
Cookie Policy
Join our mailing list
to receive the latest product news, offers and information from Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School.
First name
Enter your name in reverse (e.g. John Smith becomes htimS nhoJ)
Email
We respect your privacy and will never share your information with anyone.
Additional Information
Footer links
Job Vacancies
Testimonials
Join Our Mailing List
Useful Links
Downloads
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Dean Gibson Primary School, Hawesmead Avenue, Kendal, Cumbria LA9 5HBTelephone: 01539 723363. Email: admin@deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk
Copyright © Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School 2013 - 2020. All rights reserved.Website design Kendal, website development Cumbria and software development Kendal by The Creative Branch