http://www.journeyhome.org/how-you-can-help
Skip to main content
Presbyterian Night Shelter's Response to COVID-19
Read more about how we are prioritizing the health of our guests and employees.
Learn More Donate Now
Events
Success Stories
Contact
Careers
Facebook
Twitter
You can help fast-track the journey home.
Donate
One-time and Recurring Gifts
You can help meet the immediate and long-term needs of those most vulnerable in our community by making a one-time or recurring gift. Your support will equip Presbyterian Night Shelter to guide the journey from homeless to home. A recurring gift ensures Presbyterian Night Shelter’s success year-round, impacting the lives of the 5,000-plus guests we see each year.
One-Time Gift Recurring Gift
Employer Matching Gifts
Find out if your employer will match your gift and make your support go even further.
Employer Matching Gifts
Planned Giving
Our hope for the future is bold, guiding the journey from homelessness to home until we ultimately eradicate homelessness. Planned Giving is a powerful way to help accomplish that, with a variety of opportunities to support Presbyterian Night Shelter in ways that benefit you or
your estate. Find out more about Planned Giving opportunities.
Planned Giving
In-Kind Support
Presbyterian Night Shelter gladly accepts donations of new and gently used clothing, household items, toys, toiletries and furniture. Items may be dropped off any day of the year between 9
a.m. and 4:30 p.m. (for contactless drop-off, bring your items between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.) to 2400 Cypress St., two blocks south of East Lancaster – the last building on the right. Please call 817-632-7401 once you enter the parking lot and someone will assist you with your donation. An in-kind donation receipt is available upon completion of digital form at drop-off. As we are limited in our capacity to pick up donations, only donations that are in great need or great bulk will be considered for pickup.
Schedule Pickup Current Needs
Sponsorships
Presbyterian Night Shelter’s signature event, the Home for the Holidays Gala, is a magical and memorable evening of dinner, dancing and more – but the impact extends far beyond the event, helping us to provide our guests with comprehensive services that move them along on a journey to self-sufficiency. Find out more about sponsoring this event.
Home for the Holidays Gala
Provides toiletry items to our homeless guests.
Provides toiletries for 25 people in need.
Supports a veteran’s needs for a month.
Provides school uniforms for 5 children.
Provides security services for the Women & Children’s facility for 4 months.
Supplies water to homeless women and children for an entire year.
Provides 4,650 warm meals.
How You Can Help
Volunteer
As a volunteer, you can help the Presbyterian Night Shelter guide the journey from homeless to home for Fort Worth’s homeless community.
Learn more and apply
Meal Serving
Prepare and serve dinner at the following locations: Karl Travis Men's Center, Safe Haven, Patriot House and Morris Foundation Women and Children’s Center. Additionally, there is an opportunity to serve lunch at True Worth Place. These opportunities are available seven days a week. Volunteers can also choose to cater meals for our guests.
In-Kind Donation Organizing
Over the course of a year, we receive over 300,000 in-kind donation items that must be sorted and organized across campus.
Children’s Enrichment Activities
There is a significant need for enrichment activities for our homeless families. We welcome volunteers who would like to assist us in finding creative and engaging activities for our families.
Interior/Exterior Beautification
During the course of the year, there will be opportunities to refresh multiple areas of the shelter.
True Worth Place Opportunities
At our central resource center and day shelter, volunteers can:
-Receive and sort mail for guests who use True Worth Place as their address
-Welcome guests at the front desk and offer assistance with any general questions
-Wash, dry, fold and label each guest's laundry for pickup in the afternoon
-Assist with life enrichment classes
Learn more and apply
Learn and Share
One of the easiest ways to support Presbyterian Night Shelter is just a click away! Follow us on Facebook and Instagram, and subscribe to our YouTube channel to stay up to date on what is happening at Presbyterian Night Shelter and share the incredible stories and life-changing work with your friends and family.
Facebook Instagram YouTube
As part of our growing family of supporters, we value your privacy and confidentiality at the Presbyterian Night Shelter. Please view our Donor Privacy and Confidentiality Policy.
Donor Privacy and Confidentiality Policy
Create opportunity for change through business
Learn More
Looking for resources, or have a friend in need?
Get Help Now
Support any way you're called to give.
Donate Now