http://www.sfchronicle.com/business/networth/article/Wells-Fargo-to-pay-8-5-million-in-privacy-case-7216373.php
The complaint says
Wells Fargo violated Penal Code sections 632 and 632.7, which make it
illegal to record phone conversations without the consent of all
parties. Photo: Paul Sakuma, AP
Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $8.5 million to settle claims that its representatives did not “timely and adequately” inform California customers that they were being recorded, but none of that money will go to consumers whose privacy was allegedly violated.
Instead, it will go mostly to the offices of California Attorney General Kamala Harris and five county district attorneys who brought the complaint. They will share equally a total of $7.6 million in civil penalties and $384,000 to reimburse their costs of litigation.
The plaintiffs and Wells Fargo “have agreed that it is impractical to attempt to identify and locate all individuals who may have been injured” by the alleged misconduct, the judgment said. Wells Fargo will make a contribution to two consumer groups: The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse and the Consumer Protection Prosecution Trust Fund will each get $250,000.
The complaint, filed Feb. 22 in Superior Court in Los Angeles, says Wells Fargo violated Penal Code sections 632 and 632.7, which make it illegal to record phone conversations without the consent of all parties. Violators can be fined up to $2,500 per call or imprisoned in a county jail.
The complaint says the violations occurred within four years of filing date, but does not say when or how many improper calls were made.
“Our attorneys indicate that because we resolved the matter quickly and agreed to make changes, the claims were never specific enough to quantify the number of alleged violations,” Wells Fargo spokesman Tom Goyda said.
“Their claims were that those disclosures (that a call was being recorded or monitored) weren’t done early enough in the call,” he said. As part of the settlement, Wells agreed to make those disclosures at the beginning of a call. It did not admit any wrongdoing.
“This is very different from the kinds of settlements I have seen brought by private attorneys representing consumers” in class-action cases alleging violations of California’s eavesdropping law, said Richard Holober, executive director of the Consumer Federation of California. “In those kinds of lawsuits, individual class members typically can receive hundreds or thousands of dollars if they submit a claim. This involves zero recovery by individual class members.”
More by Kathleen Pender
Biz & TechBy Kathleen PenderCalifornia’s new Secure Choice retirement plan idea gets boostBiz & TechBy Kathleen PenderWhy coding camps are taking so long to get licensed in CaliforniaBiz & TechBy Kathleen PenderChinese developers muscling in to Bay Area housing market
Last year, Six Continents Hotels Inc. agreed to pay $11.7 million to settle a class-action lawsuit on behalf of 7,000 California customers alleging that it recorded their calls without their permission. The case covered anyone in California who called one of six hotel chains, including Holiday Inn, Crowne Plaza Hotels and Resorts, and Intercontinental Hotels and Resorts, on a toll-free telephone number between March 1, 2011, and July 18, 2012, and spoke with a representative. A website devoted to the settlement estimated that people who filed a claim before the Dec. 14 deadline would get about $100 each.
Stuart Rossman, director of litigation with the National Consumer Law Center, said that in the Wells Fargo case, “it may not have been economically feasible for the law enforcement agencies to identify the (alleged victims) and distribute the money to them.”
He noted that the money Wells Fargo agreed to pay “is a penalty, not a damage calculation. The complaint and settlement does not release any claims that any California consumer would have. To the extent that any individual suffered actual harm as an invasion of privacy, it does not preclude them from bringing claims individually or as a class action.”
Wells Fargo confirmed that the settlement has no impact on potential private class actions.
Kathleen Pender is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. Email: kpender@sfchronicle.com Blog: http://blog.sfgate.com/pender Twitter: @kathpender
Trends
Airbnb
Kaepernick
Schools
Tom & Jerry
Pandemic Problems
Most Popular
Lake Tahoe shutting down to tourists Friday
Video shows familiar, frustrating San Francisco scene: Car after car with smashed windows
Backlash to Newsom’s lockdown order grows — rural communities refuse to comply
‘Best day ever at Mavericks’: Kai Lenny, top big-wave surfers savor all-time swell
Coronavirus live updates: Fresno declares state of emergency, cites shortage of ICU beds, medical staff
Editorial: The enduring cost of Trump’s attempted coup
Trump’s attempted coup just gets more desperate and more absurd
Top of the News
HealthBy Catherine HoFDA panel endorses Pfizer coronavirus vaccineBiz & TechBy Carolyn SaidAirbnb shares more than double in Wall Street debutUS & WorldBy Kurtis AlexanderRural communities refuse to comply with Newsom’s lockdown order
In-Depth
LocalBy Kurtis AlexanderDelta dilemma: fishing or fresh water?Coronavirus Map: Tracking COVID-19 cases across California
Biz & Tech Facebook probably won’t mandate coronavirus vaccine, Mark Zuckerberg says
Biz & Tech Airbnb shares more than double in Wall Street debut
Biz & Tech Levi Strauss could sublease a third of S.F. HQ, adding to office market slump
Biz & Tech Some unemployed Californians could be forced to repay part of pandemic benefits