http://www.jewishfamilyservice.org/privacy
0
Privacy PolicyEffective Date: January 9, 2020Jewish Family Service of Colorado (JFS or the Agency) is committed to respecting your privacy. In support of this, we only use the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that you provide in accordance with the terms outlined below.This Privacy Policy covers any Personal Information we obtain when you visit us, use our services, participate in our events, communicate with us, make a donation, or access the features on the websites that JFS owns or controls (today or in the future), including https://www.jewishfamilyservice.org/ (collectively, the “Sites”). You can access the Sites in many ways, including from a computer or mobile phone, and this Privacy Policy will apply regardless of the means of access. This Privacy Policy also governs the use of Personal Information we obtain from you from any third party site or application where we post content or invite your feedback or participation, including, but not limited to, Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram. JFS cannot control the privacy policies or practices of such sites or of companies JFS does not own or control and cannot control the actions of people JFS does not employ or manage. You should always check the privacy policies of these sites and your privacy settings.1. Information We CollectPersonal InformationWhen you use our Sites, you may choose to provide certain information directly to us to request more information or services, including the following Personal Information:Contact information: name, organization, complete address, phone number, and email address.Shipping information: name, organization and complete addressYou may, however, visit our Sites anonymously. We will collect Personal Information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. You can always refuse to supply Personal Information, except that it may prevent you from engaging in certain Site-related activities.At this time, our Sites are based in, and solely intended for residents of, the United States. If you are not a resident of the United States, please do not provide any Personal Information to us through the Sites. If you have any questions or requests, you may contact us at privacy@jewishfamilyservice.org.We may collect additional types of Personal Information that you provide us when you interact with us outside the Sites. All Personal Information collected outside of your use of the Sites will be subject to this Privacy Policy, and may be subject to additional terms presented to you at the time it is collected.We may also collect information that is not considered Personal Information, but is associated with your preferences, such as information about how you heard about Jewish Family Service; information you wish to provide us, such as questions comments and/or suggestions; and your preferences on receiving updates from us. Any such information, to the extent that it is associated with you will be subject to this Privacy Policy.2. How We Collect InformationWe collect Personal Information when you:visit our Sites;request information;fill out a form;donate to JFS;apply to volunteer;register for an event;agree to participate in any program offered by JFS;apply for a job;submit a personal story; andparticipate in surveys.CookiesA “cookie” is a small data file stored on your web browser or on your mobile device that allows us to recognize your computer or mobile device when you visit the Sites by associating identification numbers with other user information you have provided us. Some cookies will remain on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device for the duration of your browser or user session, while others will remain until deleted by you. You may also be able to configure your computer or mobile device to limit the collection of these “cookies,” but that limitation may also limit our ability to provide all the services or functionality of the Sites. For more information about cookies including how to set your internet browser to reject cookies please go to www.allaboutcookies.org.Google AnalyticsThe Sites use Google Analytics (and in the future may use other similar sites or services), a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to better assist us in understanding how our Sites are used. Google Analytics will place cookies on your computer that will generate information that we select about your use of the Sites, including your computer’s IP address. That information will be transmitted to and stored by Google. The information will be used for the purpose of evaluating consumer use of the Sites, compiling reports on Sites’ activity for our use, and providing other services relating to Site activity and usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note that by doing so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Sites. The use of cookies by Google Analytics is covered by Google’s privacy policy.You can learn more about Google’s practices at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners and view its currently available opt-out options at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.3. How We Use Collected InformationJFS collects and uses your Personal Information for the following purposes:to personalize user experience;to facilitate donations;to coordinate events and volunteers;to provide you with help or services that you request;we may use information in the aggregate to understand how users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Sites;to improve our Sites;to administer content, promotion, survey or other Site features; andto send you information about JFS and other topics we think will be of interest to you.4. How We Protect Your InformationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Personal Information and data stored on our Sites.5. Sharing Your Personal InformationExcept as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose any information we gather from you on our Sites.In addition to other disclosures identified in this Privacy Policy, JFS may disclose your Personal Information:in situations where sharing or disclosing your information is required to facilitate your donation;to third parties to assist in coordinating and marketing events that we administer or support;to our subsidiaries and affiliates with assurances they will treat your Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy;to a third party or parties, with your consent and/or where disclosure is required or permitted by law;to a third party or parties who research issues and trends related to our core mission, vision and values with assurances that they will protect your Personal Information and only use it for research purposes;if, in our reasonable judgment, it is necessary enforce compliance with our internal policies or to protect our Sites, employees, volunteers, or others; andto any other entity that acquires all or a portion of our organization by merger, reorganization, operation of law, or a sale of some or all of our assets.JFS may also be required to use or disclose your information in connection with a legal action or other proceeding, including without limitation, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.JFS may disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.6. Collection/Processing of Payment Card InformationIf you receive services from us or make a donation to us, you may be asked to provide payment information, including, but not limited to, payment card information. We will not ask you, and you are not permitted, to provide any payment card information via email, text or other electronic means (excluding through the dedicated forms on the Sites). Any payment card information you properly provide to us is used exclusively to process payments for services you receive from us or donations you make to us. All payment card transactions are processed by our credit card servicing company, Blackbaud. Blackbaud directly collects and processes any payment card transaction information you enter on the Sites. We transmit any payment card information you provide us over the phone or through the mail to Blackbaud for processing through a secure site. Under no circumstances do we collect or keep payment card information on our servers. For more information about Blackbaud’s privacy practices, please see https://www.blackbaud.com/company/privacy-policy/north-america.7. Email Opt-OutFrom time to time (and with your consent when required), you may receive periodic mailings or e-mails from us with news or other information about our events, volunteer activities, and activities. If at any time you wish to stop receiving emails or mailings from us please send us an email to privacy@jewishfamilyservice.org with the phrase “Privacy Opt-out: JFS Social Mailings” in the subject line or write to us at the address provided below, and we will remove you from our mailing list.Alternatively, for e-mail communications, you may opt out of receiving such communications by following the unsubscribe instructions set forth in most e-mail messages from us. Your unsubscribe request or e-mail preferences change will be processed promptly, though this process may take several days. During that processing period, you may receive additional emails from us.8. Third Party WebsitesIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.Once you leave our Sites or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our Sites’ terms.Social Media SitesWe work with third parties, including social network sites like Twitter and Facebook, and with application developers who specialize in social commerce so we can connect to your social networks. All of these companies operate Social Media Sites. We provide access to our Sites by third parties and business partners so we can generate interest in our organization among members of your social networks and to allow you to share information with friends in your network.The use of any features made available to you on our Sites by a third party may result in information being collected or shared about you by us or by the third party. Information collected or shared through any such third party features is considered public information by us because the Social Media Sites made it publicly available. If you do not want us to be able to access information about you from Social Media Sites, you must instruct Social Media Sites not to share the information. JFS is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you so be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing. If you do not want a Social Media Site to share information about you, you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt out of sharing such information. However, we do identify any areas on our Sites where third parties share information about you.We use features on Social Media Sites that allow you to express positive opinions about our services. Those Social Media Sites may collect or register your views about our services and make those views available to JFS and on public portions of the Social Media Sites. If you do not wish any of this to happen, you should not express your views about our services on Social Media Sites and you should review your privacy settings on such Social Media Sites. We are not obligated to display your name or other identifying information, account name, profile photo or other information or content on our Sites even if you express an opinion about our services or have consented to our use of such information or content. We reserve the right to remove the information of any person for any reason. We may also remove from our Sites, in our sole discretion, any photo or content. If you would like us to delete the data we have collected about you that we have received through any social media provider or Social Media Site, please contact us. However, if your information is deleted you may not have access to certain promotions, services information or opportunities as a result.LinksThe Sites may list or link to third party products or services. JFS does not have any control over the quality, safety or legality of the items advertised, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of suppliers to sell items or the ability of buyers to buy items. For these reasons, JFS and its affiliates cannot ensure that a buyer or supplier will actually complete a transaction. JFS will not be a party to any transactions between you and such third parties and any correspondence concerning such transactions should be conducted between you and the third party.9. Children’s InformationThe Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from submitting any Personal Information to JFS through the Sites. If you believe a child has provided us with information, contact us at privacy@jewishfamilyservice.org.10. California Privacy RightsIf you are a California resident, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which JFS shares certain categories of Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, in addition to the rights set forth above. Under California law, you have the right to send us a request at the designated address listed below to receive the following information:the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year;the names and addresses of the third parties that received the information; andif the nature of the third party’s business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed.This information may be provided in a standardized format that is not specific to you. The designated email address for these requests is: privacy@jewishfamilyservice.org.Also, please note that we have not yet developed a response to browser “Do Not Track” signals, and do not change any of our data collection practices when we receive such signals. We will continue to evaluate potential responses to “Do Not Track” signals in light of industry developments or legal changes.11. International UsersAt this time, our Sites are based in, and solely intended for residents of, the United States. If you are not a resident of the United States, please do not provide any Personal Information to us through the Sites. If you have any questions or requests, you may contact us at privacy@jewishfamilyservice.org.12. Your Consent and Updates to this PolicyYou acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Service for your use of the Sites, and you agree that using the Sites signifies your assent to our Privacy Policy. JFS reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. As we may make changes from time to time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Sites after the effective date of any modification to this Privacy Policy will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms. If you have any questions about your privacy or security on our Sites, please contact us using the following information:Jewish Family ServiceAttn: Privacy 3201 South Tamarac DriveDenver, CO 80231privacy@jewishfamilyservice.org