http://www.smithdebnamlaw.com/privacy-policy
COVID-19 Update – Our firm is fully operational. Read the Latest Dismiss
Privacy Policy Home > Privacy PolicyFeatured Content
November 18, 2020Understanding the Difference Between a 'Per Stirpes' and 'Per Capita' Distribution TwitterFollow UsFourth Circuit Provides Helpful Guidance to Employers Regarding ADA Reassignment Obligations https://t.co/XsXQvc5OtW Twitter @SmithDebnamLaw | Dec 9How to Avoid the Risky Business of an Unrecorded Lien on a Titled Vehicle https://t.co/oKVQaHGgib Twitter @SmithDebnamLaw | Nov 19Guide to Post-Judgment Collections https://t.co/iv5RigjstM Twitter @SmithDebnamLaw | Nov 19Last updated November 15, 2019 Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Smith Debnam Narron Drake Saintsing & Myers, LLP, doing business as Smith Debnam (“Smith Debnam”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at privacy@smithdebnamlaw.com.This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website at https://www.smithdebnamlaw.com and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the “Services”).Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?Personal information you disclose to usWe only collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our services, when participating in activities regarding our services via publicly available databases and/or social media platforms, or otherwise contacting us via our website.The personal information we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make and the features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data, as well as the reason you provide for submitting your online inquiry.Information automatically collectedWe automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate our website. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you visit our website and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to enhance the effectiveness of our website as well as maintain its security and operation.Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies (See Section 4 of this policy).HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?We use the information we collect or receive:To respond to user inquiries. We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Services, marketing, and your experience. We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end-users and does not include personal information. We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on our website, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the website over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to our website and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it.HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the Internet itself is 100 percent secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, the transmission of personal information to and from our website is at your own risk.DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at privacy@smithdebnamlaw.com.WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?You may review, change, or request any information personal to you to be removed from our website archives.Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features of our website. For more information, please visit our Cookie Policy.CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURESMost web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, you have the right to request the removal of personally identifiable data you submit from our archives. To request the removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with the data you submitted and a statement that you reside in California.DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at privacy@smithdebnamlaw.com or by mail to:Smith Debnam Narron Drake Saintsing & Myers, LLP Attention: Marketing 4601 Six Forks Road, Suite 400 Raleigh, NC 27609 United StatesHOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request to privacy@smithdebnamlaw.com. We will respond to your request within 30 days. Shape919.250.2000 Shapemail@smithdebnamlaw.com noun_20940@smithdebnamlaw
©2020, Smith Debnam Narron Drake Saintsing & Myers, LLP, Raleigh, North Carolina. All rights reserved. Law Firm Website Design by New Media Campaigns