http://www.huddelim.org.uk/about-us/privacy-policy
HomeAbout UsPrivacy Policy
TwitterAt Elim Pentecostal Church Huddersfield (EPCH), we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The information you share with us can be used for operational purposes. This policy tells you what information we collect, steps we take to protect it and secure it, how we use and share the information and finally how you can contact us with any questions.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you complete the following:
Data Collection Form (EPCH collect personal data when you become an attendee)
Volunteer Form
Life Group Sign Up Form
Children’s and Youth Ministry Registration Forms
This information is collected by EPCH staff and approved volunteers.
What type of information is collected from you?The personal information we collect might include your name, address, e-mail address and other relevant contact information in order to include you in our communications and for you to be an active and effective team member. For those who give their weekly offering to the church via standing order or direct debit and are part of a gift aid system we also will need to store your bank details. It is a legal requirement that these details are shared by Elim HQ and HMRC.
How is your information used?We may use your information to:
process a donation that you have made to the church either as a one-off or a regular gift
process any volunteer forms that you have submitted
inform you of your role on a team or rota
notify you of changes
send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for example the collection of Gift Aid). We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties. We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
EPCH Staff and Volunteers: We may pass your information to our third-party service providers, agents subcontractors, and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process donations and send you mailings). However, when we use third-party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond EPCH for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Third-Party Product Providers we work in association with: We work closely with various third-party providers such as Elim HQ and HMRC in relation to any financial offerings given. In some cases, they will be acting as a data controller of your information and, therefore, we advise you to read their Privacy Policy. These third-party product providers will share your information with us which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. When you are using our secure telephone donation pages, your donation is processed by a third-party payment processor, who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact Sharon Lewin, Finance Office via 01484 535554 or This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Your choices:
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us and can at any time opt out of any communication. If you do not want to receive communications from us, then you need to put this in writing to: Nicola Pogmore, Data Protection Lead, Elim Pentecostal Church, Grace Centre, Huddersfield, 23 St John's Road, Huddersfield HD1 5BW or e-mail This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. We're working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change e-mail address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please e-mail us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or write to us at Elim Pentecostal Church Huddersfield, 23 St John's Road, Huddersfield HD1 5BW. Alternatively, you can telephone 01484 535554.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Elim Pentecostal Church Huddersfield holds about you at any time. However, excessive requests for information will be charged. Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information.
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it is treated securely. Any sensitive information is encrypted and protected. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
Aged 13 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 13 or under. If you are aged 13 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with any personal information.
The ChurchMeet the TeamOur BeliefsOur VisionLocationsContact UsGivingPrivacy PolicyBLM statement
Elim Pentecostal ChurchGrace Centre, 23 St John's Road,Huddersfield HD1 5BW
t: 01484 535554 e: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. w: www.huddelim.org.uk f: www.facebook.com/huddelimt: @huddelim
A branch of the Elim Foursquare Gospel Alliance.Registered Charity No.251549Copyright © 2020 Elim Pentecostal Church, Huddersfield.