http://www.kappaalphatheta.org/privacy-policy
KAPPA ALPHA THETA FRATERNITY
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on:  May 16, 2018
This Privacy Policy is intended to assist you in understanding what information we collect, how we use and share that information, and the safeguards we have in place for protecting this information.
This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected online by Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity, Inc., Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity Housing Corporation, and/or Kappa Alpha Theta Foundation (collectively, “Theta” or “we” or “us” or “our”) in connection with our website, microsites, and mobile versions of our website and mobile sites (collectively, the “Site”) that expressly adopt, display, or link to this Privacy Policy, as may be revised from time to time.
It also applies to personal information Theta collects in connection with its pages on social media sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or others (collectively referred to as our “Social Media Pages”).
By providing information on our Site, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
Certain portions of the website, all or portions of certain microsites, and/or all or portions of certain mobile versions of the website and mobile sites may be separately dedicated to, partitioned for, or segregated for purposes of information or uses pertaining specifically to Kappa Alpha Theta Foundation.  Accordingly, certain information may be collected and used by Kappa Alpha Theta Foundation, but not by Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity, Inc. and Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity Housing Corporation.
This Privacy Policy answers these questions:
What Personal Information Is Collected Through Our Site
and Social Media Pages, and How Is It Used?
What Information Do We Share with Third Parties?
What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Personal
Information?
What Is Our Policy Regarding Children?
How Does Our Site Interact with Third-Party Websites
and Content?
How Will We Update Our Privacy Policy?
How Do We Protect and Secure Your Personal
Information?
Where Should You Direct Your Questions or Concerns?
1.  What Personal Information Is Collected Through Our Site and Social Media Pages, and How Is It Used?
Information You Provide:  Our Site includes features that allow you to provide personal information to us, such as registering to use certain features and services, paying your dues, contacting us or submitting inquiries to us, or choosing to receive Theta information or other communications.  Personal information collected may include name, address, email address, telephone number, demographic information, member or alumnae information, and donation information.
We may allow you to use your personal social media account on social media sites (“Personal Social Media Account”) to provide information to us when you participate in certain features on our Site. This information may include any information you have shared on your Personal Social Media Accounts, such as name, profile picture, gender, list of friends, language, birthday, likes, address, and education.
It is also possible that we will be able to continue collecting this information from your Personal Social Media Accounts should the information be revised by you later. You may choose not to provide us with certain requested information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of the features on our Site.
Information Observed or Collected Through Technology:  We and our third-party service providers may collect usage information when you use our Site, such as technical information about the device used. This information includes, but is not limited to, the type of device you are using and the type and version of its operating system; the dimensions, color depth, and pixel density of your device’s display; the type, version, and default language of the web browser you use on the device and whether it supports cookies; the IP address you are connecting from and, for mobile devices, the device’s phone number and/or unique device ID.
Use of Information:  We use information received through our Site to:
Deliver products and services to you;
Deliver communications to you that we think you may be
interested in;
Fulfill your requests;
Operate and improve our Site and other services;
Create aggregated and anonymized information to
determine which features are popular and useful to users, and for other
statistical analyses;
§  Analyze your activity with us, including interaction with our Site; and/or
§  Respond to any inquiries you may have.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology:  We and our third-party service providers may use “cookies.” Cookies assign a unique identification to your device and are typically stored on your device by your web browser. We may also use pixel tags (also known as web beacons, web bugs, and clear GIFs) on the Site and in emails.  A pixel tag is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a webpage or in an email message.
The information we and our third-party service providers collect through cookies, pixel tags, and similar technology includes the following:
§  your interactions with our Site;
§  the time of your visit to our Site; and
§  confirmation of when you open email from us, including the time you open the email and whether you click on any links in the email.
We may also use third-party analytics providers to measure traffic and usage trends, and to help us better understand your use of and interaction with the Site. You can learn about Google’s practices at http://www.google.com/policies..., and opt out by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpag....
The social media sites where we have our Social Media Pages may provide aggregate information and analysis to us about visitors to our Social Media Pages. This allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth on, general demographic information about the users of our Social Media Pages, and interaction with content on our Social Media Pages.
Processing and Storage in the United States:  We store and process personal information in the United States. Our third-party service providers may also store and process your personal information in the United States. Such personal information may be subject to disclosure under the laws of the United States.  If you have questions about this processing or storage, please contact us, using one of the options provided below.
2.   What Information Do We Share with Third Parties?
Your information may be shared among Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity, Inc., Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity Housing Corporation, Kappa Alpha Theta Foundation, and their respective affiliated and related entities. However, certain information that is collected and used by Kappa Alpha Theta Foundation may not be shared with Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity, Inc. or Kappa Alpha Theta Fraternity Housing Corporation.
We also may share your information with third-party service providers so that they can provide information to help us provide services, such as processing payments, fulfilling orders, monitoring Site activity, providing analytics, fulfilling your requests, marketing our services, hosting the Site, and administering and monitoring emails.
Additionally, your information may be shared with and disclosed to unaffiliated third parties in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets or merge with another company or are involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control. Your personal information may be one of the business assets transferred, shared, or sold as a part of the transaction.
We may also disclose your personal information without your consent if we believe, in our sole discretion, it is reasonable to do so to satisfy laws or government regulations, comply with legal process or law enforcement requests, or to protect the rights, safety, or property of Theta, our users, or others.
3.   What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Personal Information?
Email:  If you wish to stop receiving emails from us, please follow the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or contact us at info@kappaalphatheta.org.
Cookies:  You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to not accept certain cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Site, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features on our Site.
4.   What Is Our Policy Regarding Children?
Our Site is not intended for persons under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect information provided by children under the age of 13.
5.   How Does Our Site Interact with Third-Party Websites and Content?
For your convenience, we may enable you to navigate to third-party sites through links in our Site. We do not endorse these third-party sites, do not have any affiliation with these third-party sites, and do not control and are not responsible for their Internet and web practices. Whether the third-party content appears within our Site environment (like a map frame), or you leave our Site for another website to view it, the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of those other websites govern your online experience.  Please review their separate terms of use and service and privacy policies if you have any questions about their practices.
6.   How Will We Update Our Privacy Policy?
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it periodically. We will update the effective date of the Privacy Policy at the time a change is made.
7.   How Do We Protect and Secure Your Personal Information?
We employ physical, technical, and administrative procedures to safeguard the personal information we collect through the Site. While we use these security measures on our Site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.
8.   Where Should You Direct Your Questions or Concerns?
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@kappaalphatheta.org
By postal mail: 8740 Founders Road, Indianapolis, IN 46268
By phone: 1.800.526.1870