http://www.healingofnations.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Spread the loveYour privacy is important to us. It is Healing Of Nations’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.healingofnations.org/, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 21 February 2019.
Search for:
The brand is an expression and the product is a knick-knack
On August 4, 2020August 14, 2020by Elza Lamarra Comments Off on The brand is an expression and the product is a knick-knack
We propose other ways of Team Building activities in Singapore
On December 9, 2020by Phyllis Galinoo Comments Off on We propose other ways of Team Building activities in Singapore
The most effective technique to adjust the garage door track
On December 8, 2020by Phyllis Galinoo Comments Off on The most effective technique to adjust the garage door track
Lionheart Studios in artistic work for its staying
On December 7, 2020by Phyllis Galinoo Comments Off on Lionheart Studios in artistic work for its staying
Stay healthy and fit with good food practices
On December 5, 2020by Elza Lamarra Comments Off on Stay healthy and fit with good food practices
How should be a garage door service?
On December 4, 2020by Phyllis Galinoo Comments Off on How should be a garage door service?
Book #3, Just Released!