http://www.seminoletribe.com/STOF/site-info/terms-and-conditions
Updates and helpful resources from Seminole Tribe of Florida during COVID-19.
Toggle navigation
Home
History
Introduction
Timeline
Indian Resistance and Removal
No Surrender!
Survival In The Swamp
Historic Seminole
The Council Oak
Seminoles Today
The Future
Selected Bibliography
Genealogy and Anthropology
FAQ - History
Culture
Art
A Legendary Storyteller
Basketry
Beadwork
Chickee
Clans
Dolls
Green Corn Dance
Hairstyle
Legends
Medicine
Recipes
Seminoles and Christianity
Seminole Clothing
Seminole Food
Seminoles and the Land
FAQ - Culture
Government
Introduction
Today's Government
Tribal Council
Board of Directors
Tribal Court
Enterprises
Big Cypress Reservation
Brighton Reservation
Fort Pierce Reservation
Hollywood Reservation
Immokalee Reservation
Tampa Reservation
Florida Seminole Tourism
Gaming Facilities
Services
Aviation Department
Broadcasting Department
Brownfields
Building Inspections Department
Center for Behavioral Health
Center for Student Success and Services
Emergency Management
Environmental Resource Management
ERMD Wildlife
Executive Administrative Office
Health and Human Services
Housing Department
Native American Travel
Native Learning Center
Public Works Department
Seminole Boys and Girls Club
Seminole Media Productions
Seminole Police
Solicitation to Bid
Tribal Community Development
Tribal Historic Preservation Office
Tribal Library Program
Veteran’s Building
Employment
Contact Us
Site Info
Terms and Conditions of UseLast Updated: 04/17/2020These Terms and Conditions of Use apply to the websites of the Seminole Tribe of Florida (“the Seminole Tribe”) or its affiliates, which include but are not limited to: www.semtribe.com/stof/TheSites.Protecting your privacy is important to us.  Please take a few minutes to read the following policy to understand how we handle use of websites.  USE OF AND ACCESS TO THE SITESWe encourage you to read the Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms”) carefully because they control your use of and access to the Sites, now and in the future.  The Sites are offered and intended for users who are at least 13 years of age or older. Unless otherwise specified, the Sites and all content on them are intended to promote our products and services available in the United States.  The Sites are
controlled and operated by the Seminole Tribe of Florida from its offices in Broward County, Florida, United States.We reserve the right, at any time in our sole discretion, to modify, suspend or discontinue the Sites or any service, content, feature, or product offered through the Sites, with or without notice for any reason. You agree that we shall not be liable
to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Sites, or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites.YOUR USE OF THE SITES CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THE TERMS.  THE SEMINOLE TRIBE EXPRESSLY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THE TERMS AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE, BY POSTING AN UPDATED VERSION OF THE TERMS ON THE SITES.
THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD REVIEW THE TERMS WHENEVER YOU USE THE SITES. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITES CONSTITUTES YOUR CONSENT TO THE CURRENT TERMS POSTED AT THE TIME OF YOUR VISIT.DO NOT USE the SEMINOLE TRIBE’s SITES IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSThe Seminole Tribe of Florida and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks of the Seminole Tribe or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Seminole Tribe. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on the Sites are the trademarks of their respective owners.The Sites and all contents accessed through or on the Sites including but not limited to the text, information, software, images, videos, logos, design, and graphics (collectively, the “Materials”) are owned by the Seminole Tribe or its affiliates
or licensors. The Materials are protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws and treaties. The Terms permit you to use the Sites for your personal, non-commercial use only.  You may print or save copies
of the Sites solely for your personal, non-commercial use.  You may not: Distribute, transfer, transmit, copy, upload, download, post, publish, display, perform, modify, or otherwise create derivative works from any of the Materials without the Seminole Tribe’s prior written consent; Decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble software code or software materials; or Remove any copyright notice or other proprietary notices from the Materials. Any use of the Sites not expressly permitted by these Terms is a breach of these Terms and may also violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. PROHIBITED USES You may not use the Sites for any unlawful purpose or in violation of any provision of applicable federal, state, and local laws or these Terms. You may not:Post or submit any material that is obscene, defamatory or libelous, constitutes an illegal threat, violates rights of privacy or publicity, or infringes any third party’s intellectual property rights;Use any device, software or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our Sites;Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful;Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the Sites, the server(s) on which the Sites are stored or hosted, or any server, computer, or database connected to the Sites;Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack;Use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access the Sites for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Sites.If we are notified of allegedly defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive content posted or provided by a user, we may investigate the allegation and determine, at our sole discretion, whether to modify or remove such content from the Sites.  If we determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, that you have violated any provision of these Terms or any applicable law, we may, at any time, terminate, restrict, or modify all or part of your access, times of availability, and required equipment
and software for use of the Sites.We may disclose any content or electronic communication from you: (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the Sites; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of the
Seminole Tribe, its members, users of the Sites, or third party service providers.  USER CONTRIBUTIONSThe Sites may contain comment boards, message boards, chat rooms, forums, bulletin boards, and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to other users
or other persons content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Sites. All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms (below).Any User Contribution you post to or submit through the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By posting a comment or a message or contributing in any way to the Sites, you expressly grant the Seminole Tribe the right to use
in any way, copy, republish or sell your comment, message or other contribution as part of its property. By posting or submitting a User Contribution, you represent and warrant that:Your User Contribution complies with these Terms, including the Content Standards set forth below.You own or control all rights in and to your User Contributions.You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you post, submit or contribute, and you, not the Seminole Tribe, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness.We have the right to:Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion;Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion;Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their  rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy;Take appropriate legal action including reporting to law enforcement any suspected illegal or unauthorized use of the Sites;Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Sites for any reason including any violation of these Terms.Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Sites.
We do not undertake to review all User Contributions before they are posted on the Sites. Accordingly, we have no liability or responsibility to anyone regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party. CONTENT STANDARDSThese content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User
Contributions and users use of Interactive Services must not:Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by the Seminole Tribe;Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization;Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, or inflammatory;Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age;Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person;Be likely to deceive any person;Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act; orInvolve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter, or advertising. LINKING TO THE SITES AND SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURESYou may link to our Sites, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement
by the Seminole Tribe.  The Sites may provide certain social media features that enable you to:Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on the Sites;Send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on the Sites;Cause limited portions of content on the Sites to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. You must not:Establish a link to any of our Sites from any website that is not owned or legally operated by you;Cause the Sites or portions of them to be displayed on, or appear to be displayed by, any other site (for example, by framing, deep linking, or in-line linking);Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on the Sites that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms.You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to stop. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our sole discretion. ONLINE PURCHASESAll purchases or donations made through our Sites are governed by these Terms and any additional terms and conditions that are applicable to specific purchases or donations. Please be sure to review all
additional terms and conditions before you make any purchases or donations via the Sites. SECURITYThe Seminole Tribe safeguards the security of the information you provide to us or that we collect with physical, electronic, and managerial measures. Among other protections, we use industry-standard
SSL encryption on all web pages where personal information is required or may be submitted to us. To make purchases from any of our Sites, you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, or Mozilla Firefox. The safety and security of your information also depends on you.  Please use caution when you are on the Internet to protect your personal data. Change your passwords regularly, do not share passwords, and use a combination of letters, numbers
and special characters for your passwords. Always make sure you use a secure browser when on the Internet.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via our Sites.
Any transmission of information is at your own risk.To access the Sites or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Sites that all the information you provide is correct, current, and
complete.If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity.
You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the Sites or portions of it using your user name, password, or other security information. You should use particular caution
when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security.We have the right to disable any user name, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms or we believe such action
is appropriate to ensure the security of the Sites or your account, or to address any suspected security incidents or breaches. PRIVACYThe Seminole Tribe’s collection of information via the Sites and our use and/or sharing of such information is governed by our Privacy Policy.  By using the Sites, you agree to our Privacy Policy. AGE POLICYOur Sites are not intended for anyone under age 13. Further, the Seminole Tribe does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children or youth under age 18. If you are under age 18, please do not provide any information
about yourself to us via our Sites, email, text, voicemail or any other means. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from someone under age 18 without parental consent, we will delete that information. If
you believe we might have personal information from an individual under age 18, please contact us at: InfoSec@semtribe.com   RELIANCE ON CONTENTS OF THE SITESThe information presented on or through the Sites is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. We may update the content on the Sites from time
to time, but their content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date at all times. Any of the material on the Sites may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material. Any reliance you place on
such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Sites, or by anyone who may be informed of any of the Sites’
contents.The Sites may provide chat rooms, bulletin boards, and other means for the public to contribute information and make statements. The Seminole Tribe does not endorse these statements and does not represent or confirm the statements are true
and accurate. You should be cautious when acting on information provided by contributors to these public areas. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information or statements by you or any
other visitor to the Sites. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITESThe Sites contain links to third party websites. These links are provided for your convenience and the third party websites are not under the control of the Seminole Tribe or its affiliates. The Seminole Tribe does not make any representations
and warranties, express or implied, regarding the content of any of these linked sites. The links do not constitute or imply an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation by the Seminole Tribe with respect to any third party,
any third party’s website, the content of any third party’s website, or any products or services provided by a third party. We have no obligation or liability for any linked third party websites.  Please be aware that,
when you visit a linked website, you are subject to the privacy policies and terms and conditions of use for the linked website and you should review those policies carefully. Please exercise caution before sharing or sending any information
to anyone via the internet. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITYThe Sites, their features, and their contents are provided “as is,” without any express or implied warranty of any kind.  We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that: (1) all information you transmit or submit via the Sites
will be completely secure and unable to be accessed, altered, deleted; or (2) the Sites, their contents, or features will be free from errors, viruses, bugs, or other harmful components.You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our Sites for any reconstruction
of any lost data.YOUR USE OF THE SITES, THEIR CONTENTS AND ANY FEATURES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE SEMINOLE TRIBE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE SEMINOLE TRIBE OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SERVICE PROVIDERS OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INJURY,
LOSS, CLAIM, OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, WORK STOPPAGE,
ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE)
OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE LAW OF YOUR STATE MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Seminole Tribe, its affiliates, and its third party service providers, and their respective directors, officers, employees, owners, and agents from and against all claims, damages,
losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of a breach of these Terms by you and/or your activities in connection with the Sites.  We may participate in the defense of any claim.
You shall not settle any claim that affects the Seminole Tribe without our prior written approval. CLASS ACTION WAIVERWHERE PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND THE SEMINOLE TRIBE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE
ACTION. Unless both you and the Seminole Tribe agree, no tribunal may consolidate more than one person’s suits or actions or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTThe Seminole Tribe respects the intellectual property of others.  If you believe any materials posted or accessible on the Sites infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access to them) from the
Sites by sending written notice to our designated copyright agent at:Seminole Tribe of FloridaAttn: Information Security Department6300 Stirling RoadHollywood, FL 33024In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (DMCA), the written notice must include substantially the following:your physical or electronic signature;identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed;identification of the material on our Sites that you believe is infringing the copyright in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate the material;your contact information including your name, mailing address, telephone number and, if available, email address;a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;a statement that the information in the notice is accurate; anda statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.If you do not comply with all of these requirements, your notice may not be effective.  If you knowingly misrepresent that materials on the Sites infringe a copyright, you may be held liable for damages, including costs
and attorney’s fees under Section 512(f) of the DMCA. SEVERABILITYThe provisions of these Terms are intended to be severable. If for any reason any provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the validity and enforceability of these Terms
in any other jurisdiction. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTIONThese Terms and your use of our Sites shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the applicable laws of the United States and the Seminole Tribe of Florida without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law
provision or rule. To the extent that federal law or Tribal laws are held to have not preempted local law, these Terms and your use of our Sites shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, to the extent applicable, without
regard to the rules regarding conflict of laws.  By using our Sites, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in Broward County, Florida for any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use of, or reliance on, our Sites.
You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts. CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you have any questions or concerns about the Sites or these Terms, please contact us at: InfoSec@semtribe.com
Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
PO Terms and Conditions
Helpful LinksQuestions? FAQ
Vendor Application
Site Info
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
PO Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
6300 Stirling Road
Hollywood, Florida 33024
Phone: (800) 683-7800
Copyright © Seminole Tribe of Florida