http://www.lfsp.com/privacy-policy
Site IndexAbout UsEmploymentContactSearchHistoryBlogs
HomeAttorneysServicesNews
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyFor Websites, Blogs, and Social-Media Accounts Of Lanier Ford Shaver & Payne P.C.
Effective date:  April 3, 2015
The Lanier Ford law firm collects, uses, and discloses certain personal information obtained through our public websites, blogs, and social-media accounts. This policy does not address information collected through other sources such as (1) in-person interaction with one of our attorneys or staff members, (2) attendance at a seminar conducted by Lanier Ford, or (3) any other Internet-based application.
The privacy practices set forth in this policy are for our websites, blogs, and social-media accounts only. Our websites, blogs, and social-media accounts  may contain links to other sites. Lanier Ford is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. If you link to or otherwise visit any other site, please review the privacy policies posted at the other site.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
You can visit our websites, blogs, and social-media accounts without revealing any information about yourself. We do ask for personal information from you—such as your name, company, e-mail address, phone number, and address—so that we can correspond with you, provide you with a subscription to a newsletter or publication, notify you about events or legal news developments, or otherwise respond to your requests or provide you with information we think you may be interested in.  You are not required to provide any information.
If you receive an email message from Lanier Ford that markets our services, you will be provided with an automated way to unsubscribe from (opt out of) that communication or from all marketing messages sent by email. To unsubscribe, please follow the instructions on the email you receive. If you receive unwanted email messages from us, you may also forward a copy of that email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with a request that we remove you from our emailing list.
Limitations on the Relationship Created When Sending Us Email
If you send an email message to us, the following applies to that message:
Submission of an email message does not establish an attorney-client relationship.
Unsolicited information is not confidential or privileged.
If you sent us unsolicited information without first receiving an engagement agreement from us, you are agreeing that we can look at such information without establishing an attorney-client relationship.
Our review of this unsolicited information does not prevent us from representing any client with interest directly adverse to you.
Any disputes arising about the message you send us (or information you submit) will be governed by the applicable laws of the United States or the State of Alabama, regardless of where the message may have originated.
Data Sharing
Your personal information will never be shared outside our firm without your permission, except under the following circumstances:
You have consented to share your information to a third-party service provider working on our behalf to serve you.
We are required to share the information so that we can provide you with a product or service.
A law or a court order requires us to do so because of urgent circumstances or a need to protect personal safety, the public, or our websites, blogs, and social-media accounts.
Security Measures
Lanier Ford maintains appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the security of your personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration.
Cookies and Passive Tracking
A “cookie” is information your browser may collect. Your browser may then store it on your computer system based on the preferences you have set for your browser. Cookies gather information about your operating system including (but not limited to) browser type and Internet protocol (IP) address. The Lanier Ford websites, blogs, and social-media accounts use this information to analyze the traffic on our websites, blogs, and social-media accounts.  This information helps us to better serve you when you return to our website, to one of our blogs, or to one of our social-media accounts. We do not use this information to personally identify a user. You have the option to configure your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept or reject it. You also have the option to block all cookies. But if you refuse or otherwise block cookies, you may not be able to use all of the functionality of the websites, blogs, or social-media accounts.
Access and Correction
If you want to access or update the personal information you submit through our websites or blogs or if you want to inquire about the processing of such information, please telephone us or This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will provide you access to your personal information where we believe it is appropriate, including situations where you are entitled to access and review of your personal information under data protection and privacy laws.
Revisions to this Privacy Statement
Lanier Ford reserves the right to change this policy from time to time. Please check the policy frequently, especially before you submit additional personal information through our website, through one of our blogs, or through one of our social-media accounts.. All revisions to this policy will be posted on our website.
HOME
About Us
Employment
History
Contact
Search
Site Map
ATTORNEYS
By Name
By Practice
By Industry
SERVICES
COVID-19 Task Force
Litigation
Businesses
Governments
Individuals
Non-Profits
NEWS
About the Firm
About the Law
Publications
CONTACT
256-535-1100
256-533-9322
Send Email
WARNING
If we do not already represent you and you would like for us to represent you in a legal matter, the best way to begin that process is to call 256-535-1100 and ask for an appointment with one of our attorneys. Please understand that if you begin this process by e-mail, you acknowledge and agree that—
Submission of an e-mail message will not establish an attorney-client relationship.
Unsolicited information is not confidential or privileged.
If you send us unsolicited information without first receiving an engagement agreement from us, you are agreeing that we can look at such information without establishing an attorney-client relationship.
Our review of this unsolicited information does not prevent us from representing any client with interest directly adverse to you.
E-mail Lanier Ford.Close this window to return to the previous page.
CONNECT
Blogs
Subscribe
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
HomeAttorneysServicesNews
Site IndexAbout UsEmploymentContactSearchHistoryBlogs