http://www.ohioinjurylaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Erney Law, is committed to respecting the privacy and security of your personal information. The following online Privacy Policy, updated in January 2020, describes the information we collect and how we use it. By using this website, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
For questions, concerns or the modification or removal of personal information, please email us at: leadcounsel@ohioinjurylaw.com
COLLECTING INFORMATION
Like many websites, we gather information about how visitors use our website. In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track your visit for trends and statistics, but you will remain anonymous unless you actively submit your personal data to us through the website. Once you choose to give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. For more information, see “Cookies and Pixel Tags” section below.
If you choose to complete a contact form, we will ask for your name, phone number and email address so we can get in touch.
SHARING INFORMATION
On rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our website policies, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes. Our email lists are not up for sale no matter the offer. We hate SPAM as much as the next person and vow to respect your privacy.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We use a variety of security measures, including sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secure networks and is only accessible to a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. Regardless of these efforts, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
MODIFYING OR REMOVING YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to withdraw any consent given with respect to our use of your personal data. Furthermore, you have the right to request the modification or deletion of your personal data in the event it is incorrect or processed without your consent.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small removable data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. Cookies allow us to enhance and personalize your online experience.
For example, we use cookies to:
-Recognize you when you return to our website
-Analyze visitor behavior
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Google Chrome or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookie settings. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services may not function properly.
ONLINE ADVERTISING
This website uses the Google AdWords and DoubleClick re-marketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Ohio Injury Law website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
PIXEL TAGS
We also use pixel tags – tiny graphic images – to help us analyze your online behavior.
Pixel tags also allow us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us.
We may use pixel tags to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and services. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring Web site addresses.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
This website is operated, in whole or in part, from the United States. By using this website, regardless of where you live in the world, you consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States, and allow us to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
POLICY CHANGES
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current Privacy Policy. This policy was last modified on January 2020.
Quick Links
Home
About Our Law Firm
Practice Areas
Frequently Asked Questions
News & Articles Free Case Evaluation Contact
Contact Information
1654 E. Broad Street
Columbus, Ohio 43203
(614) 258-6100
1-888-880-4878
(614) 258-6600
Monday - Friday
9:00am - 5:30pm
Stay Connected
Practice Areas
Car Accident Semi-Truck Accident Motorcycle Accident Scooter v. Auto Accident Bicycle v. Auto Accident Pedestrian v. Auto Accident Mediation Arbitration Aviation Accidents
Dog Bites
Railroad Accidents
Slip & Fall Accidents
Victims of Crime
Work Related Injury
Prescription Error
Children's Product Liability
Medication Liability
Swimming Pool Liability
Machines & Tool Liability
Household Products Liability
Tenant Injury
Durable Power of Attorney for Healthcare
Estate Planning
General Power of Attorney
Guardianship
Last Will and Testament
Living Will
Minor Settlements
Wrongful Death Settlement
Sexual Harassment in the Workplace
Uninsured Motorist
Auto Accident Wrongful Death
Semi-Truck Accident Wrongful Death
Motorcycle Accident Wrongful Death
Pedestrian Accident Wrongful Death
Medical Negligence Wrongful Death
Cities We Serve
Ashville, Ohio
Bexley, Ohio
Blacklick, Ohio
Canal Winchester, Ohio
Delaware, Ohio
Dublin, Ohio
Gahanna, Ohio
Grandview, Ohio
Grove City, Ohio
Groveport, Ohio
Heath, Ohio
Hebron, Ohio
Hilliard, Ohio
New Albany, Ohio
Newark, Ohio
Pataskala, Ohio
Powell, Ohio
Reynoldsburg, Ohio
Sunbury, Ohio
Upper Arlington, Ohio
Westerville, Ohio
Whitehall, Ohio
Worthington, Ohio
Zanesville, Ohio
© 2020 Erney LawPrivacy Policy | Disclaimer
Web Design by SocialFirm