http://www.ucc.org/privacy_policy
Find Churches Near Me
Merchandise & Bookstore
Give Online
Toggle navigation
About
What We Believe
Board of Directors
UCC Ministry Opportunities
Meet Our Officers
General Minister and President
Ecumenical and Interfaith Partners
Human Resources
Annual Budget
Annual Reports
UCC Brand Guidelines
Archives
Constitution and Bylaws
Research, Statistics, and Data
Scholarships and Grants
Leadership and Ministry
Purpose, Vision, and Mission
Abuse Prevention Resources
General Synod Standing Rules for 2021
News
Keeping You Posted
Newsfeeds
Press Center
Changes and Deaths
General Synod
Classifieds
Advocate For Justice
Take Action
Understanding the Issues
Justice Events
Environmental Ministries
Justice Training Resources
Advocacy Publications & Resources
Neighbors in Need
Health & Wholeness
LGBTQ Ministries
Sexuality and Our Faith
Encuentros
Sacred Conversations To End Racism
Poor People's Campaign
UCC Conference Ministers Mobilizing
Local Church Resources
Worship Ways
Sermon Seeds
Weekly Seeds
Grow Your Church
Music and Liturgical Arts
About Baptism
About Communion
Book of Worship
Formas de Adoración en Español
Inclusive Language
Worship Bibliography
Leadership and Ministry
Abuse Prevention Resources
UCC Ministry Opportunities
Church and Conference Resources
Change The World
Global Ministries
One Great Hour of Sharing
Sponsor a Child
Be Informed
Be a Leader
Vote
Give a Gift
UCC Disaster Ministries
Youth and Young Adults
Volunteer Ministries
UCC Refugee Ministries
3 Great Loves
Thursdays in Black Campaign
Contact
National Staff
Conferences
3 Great Loves
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY AND DIGITAL MILLENIUM COPYRIGHT ACT NOTICE
This privacy policy explains the privacy practices of the National Setting of the United Church of Christ (“the UCC”) and how the UCC treats your information. This policy only applies to information we collect from visitors to our website, UCC.org. This policy does not apply to information collected by the UCC offline or through any other means, or from any third party. Please read this privacy policy carefully. You acknowledge that it is part of our terms and conditions, and by clicking “I agree” to those terms and conditions you agree to be bound and to abide by it. If you do not agree, you must not access UCC.org or use any of the content found on UCC.org.
The UCC collects the personal information that you make available to the UCC, including first and last name, email address, mobile phone number, Facebook URL, Twitter URL, profile headline, user name, passwords, survey responses, photos, and cookie data. We also collect some information automatically about your computer hardware and software, which can include your IP address, browser type, domain names,
access times and dates, referring website addresses, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and log file information. The information that we automatically collect does not by itself identify a specific individual and is statistical data typically aggregated with other data to help us improve our website. The UCC collects your information when you provide consent; for purposes that are required by law; and for the purposes of responding to requests by the government, a court of law, or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
The UCC uses your information to present our website and its contents to you; to communicate with you via newsletters to which you subscribe; to fulfill contracts, in particular, facilitating and processing transactions; and where it is necessary to fulfill the UCC’s legitimate interests, which include operating our website; providing information and services described on our website; verifying your identity; determining how to improve our website; and responding to your questions and comments. The UCC retains your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the services to you and to comply with legal obligations. If you no longer want the UCC to use your personal information you can request that the UCC delete your personal information by contacting Chris Gabriel at gabrielc@ucc.org; however, the UCC will retain information as is necessary for the UCC’s legitimate business interests. If you have questions about the UCC’s privacy practices, please contact Heather E Kimmel at kimmelh@ucc.org.
The UCC reserves the right to change our website and this privacy policy, at our discretion. When any change is made, a revised version will be posted here and will be effective as of the revised date.
Some functions on our website are managed by third parties, which have their own data privacy policies. These functions include, but may not be limited to, donations and comment functions.
Please notify the UCC if you believe that any of your intellectual property rights have been infringed. Pursuant to Section 512 of the Copyright Act (“DMCA”), the UCC designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed infringement: United Church of Christ, Heather Kimmel, General Counsel, kimmelh@ucc.org, 700 Prospect Ave. E., Cleveland, OH 44115. To be effective, the notification should include: a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right being infringed; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at the site; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity, and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material; information sufficient to allow us to contact the complaining party; a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, agent, or the law; and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right being infringed. If you fail to comply with all of these requirements, your DMCA notification may not be valid.
Do you like this page?
Tweet
General Synod 2019
Minutes of the 32nd General Synod
Global Ministries
Our Church's Wider Mission
Local Churches Near Me - Progressive, Open and Affirming Denomination.
Daily Devotional Topics: Daily Scripture Devotional, Devotion For today
Worship Ways - Lectionary Based Prayers For Sundays & Special Days
Worship Samuel - Sermon Seeds - Free Background Scripture Preparation For Preachers
UCC Ministry Opportunities - Lead & Senior Pastor Jobs, Youth Ministry Jobs and more!
About United Church of Christ - What We Believe & Statement of Faith
Latest UCC News
Disturbing the Peace
December 10, 2020 at
1:00 PM
Church planters, youth ministers laugh, cry together – ecumenically – as hard year closes
December 09, 2020 at
7:40 PM
Privacy Policy Updated: 2/1/2019
Local Churches Near Me
Merchandise & Bookstore
Donate