http://www.dioceseoflansing.org/general/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search
Top Navigation
Contact
COVID-19 Resources
En Español
Events
Find a Parish
make a gift
Protecting God's Children
Login
Privacy Policy
The purpose of FAITH Catholic's privacy policy is to detail how your information is gathered, protected, and utilized; practices which may be updated periodically by FAITH Catholic.
1. Protecting your privacy
Your information is in no way shared with third parties for marketing purposes. (i.e., no tracking devices)
Your account information is password-protected.
FAITH Catholic does not knowingly collect any information from persons under the age of 13. If FAITH Catholic learns that a posting is by a person under the age of 13, FAITH Catholic will remove that post.
FAITH Catholic, or people who post on FAITH Catholic, may provide links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for, nor can in any way control, the privacy policies of those third party websites, and encourage all users to read the privacy policies of every website visited.
2. Data we collect
Your email address is requested for purposes such as authenticating user accounts, providing subscription email services, registering for forums, soliciting for advertising by FAITH Catholic, updates for new events, etc.
FAITH Catholic does not store credit card information. Credit card transactions are transmitted to a financial gateway, and we endeavor to protect the security of your payment information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.
We may collect personal information if you provide comments or if you contact us directly. Please do not post any personal information on FAITH Catholic's forums or event pages that you do not intend to make public.
Our web logs collect standard web log entries for each page served, including your IP address, page URL, device and browser used, and timestamp. Web logs help us to diagnose problems with our server, to administer the FAITH Catholic site, and to otherwise provide our service to you.
3. Data we store
All event posts are stored in our database, even after "deletion," and may be archived elsewhere. Our web logs and other records are stored indefinitely. Although the information is stored in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee complete security.
4. Archiving and display of FAITH Catholic postings by search engines and other sites
Search engines and other sites not affiliated with FAITH Catholic – including archive.org, google.com, and groups.yahoo.com – will archive or otherwise make available FAITH Catholic postings.
5. Interaction With Children Online
FAITH Catholic is committed to the protection of children’s online privacy. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) governs information gathered online from or about children under the age of 13. Verifiable consent from a child’s parent or guardian is required before collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from a child under age 13. If a FAITH Catholic website intends to collect information about children under 13 years old, COPPA-required information and instructions will be provided by the specific web page that collects information about the child. The web page will specify exactly what the information will be used for, who will see it, and how long it will be kept.
6. Circumstances in which FAITH Catholic may release information
FAITH Catholic may disclose user information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to follow the legal process or in response to requests from law enforcement.
7. International Users
Due to the international dimension of FAITH Catholic, the data provided by the user may be utilized for the purposes identified in this policy, including the transmission of information outside your resident jurisdiction. Such data may be stored on servers located in the United States. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data.
8.  Website Cookies
To improve your experience on our site, we may use 'cookies'. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
9. Feedback
We appreciate your feedback! Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns.
Share
Home
Diocese
Bishop Earl Boyea
Careers
Catholicism
Councils and Commissions
History
Offices and Ministries
Parish Resources
Staff Directory
Ministries
Archives
Bishop's Office
Campus Ministry
Careers
Catholic Cemeteries
Catholic Charities
Catholic Schools
Child and Youth Protection
Communications
Education, Catechesis, and Youth Ministry
Faith in Flint
Financial Services
Healing Ministry
Human Resources
Lay Ecclesial Ministry
Lay Ministry Formation
Marriage and Family
Middle-High School Ministry
Mission Co-op Appeals
Natural Family Planning
New Evangelization
Office of Deacons
Outreach Ministries
Parish Religious Education
Priesthood/Seminarians
Priestly Life & Ministry
The Catholic Foundation
Tribunal
Victim Assistance
Vocations
Worship Office
Young Adult
ALL OFFICES & MINISTRIES
Theology of the Body
Vocations
Seminarian/Priesthood
Support Seminarian Education
Diaconate Formation
Permanent Diaconate
Consecrated Vocations
Marriage and Family Life
Natural Family Planning
Catholic Schools
FAITH Magazine
Contact Faith
Digital Issues
Faith Catholic
From the Bishop
From the Editor
Parish Login
Subscribe
News
Catholicism
What do Catholics believe?
Catholic Event Finder
Catholicism
Masstimes
Michigan Catholic Conference
myParish App
Outreach Mass
USCCB
DSA 2020
Contact
COVID-19 Resources
En Español
Events
Find a Parish
make a gift
Protecting God's Children
Login