https://www.ufaw.org.uk/ufaw/privacy-statement
Universities Federation for Animal Welfare
Home
About UFAW
Press
Shop
Contact
Donate
Our WorkAnimal Welfare InformationSupportPublicationsGrants & AwardsNews & Events
You are here: Home > UFAW > Privacy Statement
UFAW
ContactPrivacy StatementComplaints Procedure
Share this page
Privacy StatementPlease read this privacy statement to understand how we use your personal data.
Summary
The Universities Federation for Animal Welfare (UFAW) is a charity registered in England No 207996 and a company limited by guarantee (company number 579991).  Our registered office is The Old School, Brewhouse Hill, Wheathampstead, Herts AL4 8AN.
UFAW is registered under the 1998 Data Protection Act. In May 2018 this legislation will be superseded by GDPR. In line with relevant laws, the charity has legal obligations relating to how it collects, stores, uses and processes personal information. UFAW does not sell or exchange supporters’ details with any other organisation or third party for fundraising purposes. We respect your privacy and value your support and interest in improving animals lives.
This privacy statement sets out the basis on which personal data provided to UFAW by supporters, members, customers, and grant applicants, or which UFAW collects from you, will be processed, as well as how we will use and treat that data. Personal data may be used by UFAW to:
Provide you with the services, products or information you asked for
Administer your donation, including processing gift aid
Manage your marketing preferences
Keep a record of your relationship with us
Notification of events, such as seminars, workshops and training sessions
Manage charitable activities such as meetings, administration of grants and publications and run the UFAW Links initiative
Depending on the reason for collecting the data, contact information, subscription/payment information, interest/involvement in animal welfare, membership of other welfare organisations, occupation/employer, academic qualifications and, for grant applicants, source of funding may be collected. By providing UFAW with any personal data, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this privacy statement.
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
UFAW will only contact you for marketing purposes by email or other electronic means when you have made a donation by text or agreed to be contacted for these purposes - and have not opted out from receiving further information. If you provide your postal address UFAW may send you correspondence by post about our work unless you have told us that you do not wish to receive such information.
Supporters who have donated over a number of years and who have provided a donation in the last two years will be sent technical and support information by post unless they choose to opt out.
If you purchase an item of merchandise supporting the charity, you will be sent a brochure for two years after a purchase, unless you choose to opt out.
How does UFAW collect my information?
When you give it to UFAW directly
You may give us information about you by responding to UFAW communications, filling in forms on our website www.ufaw.org.uk or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you enquire about our activities, make a donation to us, become a member, register for an event, place an order on our website and if you report a problem with our website.
Membership applications ask for some additional voluntary data, eg occupation/interest in animal welfare/membership of other organisations.  This is used to inform Council and to allow UFAW to identify individuals with specific expertise.
When you give it to UFAW indirectly
Independent fundraising sites such as Just Giving or Virgin Money Giving may, if you have indicated that you wish to support UFAW, share your information with UFAW. You should check their Privacy Policy when you provide your information to understand fully how they will process your data.
UFAW’s website or apps
The UFAW website provides links to other third party websites. UFAW is not responsible for the content of these sites and UFAW’s privacy statement no longer applies when you use these links. Please refer to the privacy statement of the website you are accessing.
Google Analytics
UFAW’s website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. For information on what a cookie is, please see below. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
See Google’s policies for more information.  https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Cookies and how UFAW uses them
A cookie is a small file which may be placed on your computer's hard drive when you enter a website. Cookies identify the computer used to the server and help UFAW to provide you with a better website, by tracking traffic flows and use of the site. A cookie in no way gives access to your computer or any personal identifying information about you, other than the data you choose to share with UFAW. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
This link explains how you can disable cookies, should you wish to do so https://www.aboutcookies.org
Youtube
If you visit pages that include embedded YouTube videos, the video is loaded from YouTube. At this point YouTube will collect personal data.  YouTube will also store cookies on your computer, when you visit pages with YouTube videos embedded.
Information about this is covered in the Google Privacy Policy https://google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
PayPal
UFAW makes use of PayPal for receiving payments, either from you through a PayPal account, or by using your credit/debit card.  PayPal have a privacy policy which you can view here:
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
AddThis
UFAW makes use of AddThis to enable users to instantly share webpages, blogs, news, photos, videos, and other content to the most popular social networks and other destinations via a browser plug-in or website plug-in.  AddThis collects information on browsing habits (basically what pages each user has viewed) and uses that information to deliver targeted advertising and personalised content on those websites as well as other websites the user may visit.  Individual users may opt-out of being tracked from the following link:
http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out
How does UFAW store my data, keep it safe and who has access?
UFAW will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with current data protection law.
UFAW will keep your information confidential unless we are required to disclose your details to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors. We may share your information with selected third parties such as suppliers and sub-contractors (eg administration of meetings for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
UFAW will only ever share your data in other circumstances if it has your explicit and informed consent.  UFAW does not sell or share personal details to third parties for the purposes of marketing.
When it is necessary for the administration of its scientific activities (eg to administer grants, meetings, etc), UFAW may transfer personal information outside the EU.
How long will UFAW keep my personal information?
UFAW will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity. Supporter/membership information will be stored indefinitely for legacy and administrative/legal reasons. If you request us not to send you marketing information we will keep a record of your contact details and appropriate information to enable us to comply with your request not to be contacted by us.
Contact information, for receipt of information about charitable activities and support, will be deleted after seven years unless permission is renewed.
Information provided in grant application forms will be kept by the charity for an indefinite period for the purposes of recording charitable activity and to allow review of funding decisions.  Paper copies of unsuccessful grants will be destroyed after seven years.
Information provided for meetings/symposia registration will be used by the charity for the purpose of administering meetings and will be deleted after seven years unless held for other purposes (eg membership records).
What is the legal basis for storage and processing of my information?
Processing of data for membership and supporter purposes, sales and administration of meetings/symposia, etc may be either to comply with legal requirements or carried out as a legitimate interest of the charity.  Use of sales data to send brochures for 2 years is processed as a legitimate Interest of the charity. Information about support and activities of the charity will only be sent to new supporters and to new and existing contacts with their consent.
Changing your communication preferences
If you wish UFAW to stop processing your personal data, and if it’s not necessary for the purpose you provided it to us for (eg, processing your donation or registering you for an event) we will do so. You can review your information, ask us to stop contacting you, and amend your details at any time by contacting UFAW – see our contact details below.  We will action your request without delay and within one month.
Your right to complain
UFAW aims to provide its members and service users with the best possible service. Your continued goodwill is greatly valued by us and would expect to resolve any difficulties or complaints informally and as quickly as possible. However, if you feel that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Contacting UFAW
If you wish to contact UFAW to obtain information about our work, to amend your preferences or to ask UFAW to stop sending you information you can contact us by:
Email – ufaw@ufaw.org.uk
Telephone – 01582 831818
Post – UFAW, The Old School, Brewhouse Hill, Wheathampstead, Herts AL4 8AN. Please mark your correspondence for the attention of the Administration Office
Online – you can fill in an online consent form to notify us of or update your communication preferences (www.ufaw.org.uk/consent)
Changes to this Statement
UFAW reserves the right to change, modify or update this statement at any time without notice.
1 May 2018
Date of next review: 1 May 2019
The International Animal Welfare Science Society
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
T: +44(0)1582 831818
F: +44(0)1582 831414
E: ufaw@ufaw.org.uk
Privacy statement
Charity Registered in England No. 207996
Company Limited by Guarantee No. 579991
Copyright © www.ufaw.org.uk
Website by Adept