http://www.phelpsdunbar.com/phelps-partner-kim-boyle-joins-benchmarks-top-250-women-in-litigation-8-13-2020
Related Professionals
-
Kim M. Boyle
kim.boyle@phelps.com
RELATED PRACTICES
+
Litigation
Phelps Partner Kim Boyle Joins Benchmark's Top 250 Women in Litigation
August 13, 2020
PDF
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
NEW ORLEANS — Benchmark Litigation named Phelps partner Kim Boyle among its Top 250 Women in Litigation for the third year in 2020. Boyle was also chosen for the 2017 and 2018 lists.
The guide spotlights 250 leading female litigators across the U.S. who have contributed to some of the most impactful litigation matters in recent history. Recipients are also recognized for earning the hard-won respect of their peers and clients as top players in their fields.
Boyle practices in the areas of labor and employment, civil rights, constitutional law, commercial, tort and general litigation. She graduated from the University of Virginia School of Law and earned her bachelor’s degree from Princeton University.
The extensive research of Benchmark’s Top 250 Women in Litigation encompasses six months of investigation into each litigator’s professional activities, client feedback surveys and individual interviews. The process culminates in the selection of the most distinguished women in the world of litigation.
Benchmark Litigation is a leading guide to America’s top litigation firms and attorneys. Click here for additional information.
###
Phelps is a full-service law firm of 300 attorneys. We blend valuable traditions and progressive ideas to foster a culture of collaboration among our lawyers in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina, and London. Our six core practice groups — admiralty, business, health care, insurance, labor and employment, and litigation — work together to offer clients a progressive, diverse practice and partnership that handles a broad range of sophisticated business needs regionally, nationally, and internationally.
Latest News
11/5/2020
All Phelps U.S. Offices Make 2021 "Best Law Firms" List,
Six Practice Areas Ranked Nationally
MORE
Latest News
9/18/2020
Phelps Secures Arbitration for Foreign and Domestic Insurers in Texas County Hurricane Claims
MORE