http://www.children.org/legal-notice
Legal notice
Legal notice for contributions and financial reports
Share
All contributions to Children International are used by Children International to further its charitable purposes and objectives. Contributions for a particular activity will be used for that activity, but in the rare event that unforeseen problems prevent carrying out a project as planned, the contributions for that project will be used to benefit children and families through our other programs. If more funds are received than are necessary to fund a project as planned, the excess funds will be used to benefit children and families through our other programs. Further written information concerning this or other Children International programs is available upon request.
Address your questions to: Children International, Questions, P.O. Box 219055, Kansas City, MO 64121 or children@children.org.
Our financial report, which contains information about the percentage of charitable contributions expended by this organization on program services, administration and securing financial support, is readily available upon request. For a copy by mail, write to: Children International, 2000 East Red Bridge Road, Kansas City, MO 64131, or call toll-free 800-888-3089. Download our Annual Report.
You may contact the following states for a copy of our latest financial report and registration. Registration does not imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by any state.
Arizona: The official registration and financial information of Children International may be obtained from Arizona Department of State by calling (602) 542-6187.
Florida: A copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the Division of Consumer Services by calling toll-free within the state, 800-HELP-FLA (Reg. #CH-8964).
Maryland: Documents and information submitted under the Maryland Solicitations Act are also available at www.sos.state.md.us.
Mississippi: The official registration and financial information of Children International may be obtained from the Mississippi Secretary of State's office by calling 1-888-236-6167. Registration by the Secretary of State does not imply endorsement by the Secretary of State.
New Jersey: Information filed with the Attorney General concerning this charitable solicitation may be obtained from the Attorney General of the State of New Jersey by calling 973-504-6215.
New York: Financial information may be obtained from New York State Attorney General's Charities Bureau, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10271.
North Carolina: Financial information about this organization and a copy of its license are available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 888-830-4989.
Pennsylvania: The official registration and financial information may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 800-732-0999.
Virginia: A copy of financial information may be obtained from the State Division of Consumer Affairs, P.O. Box 526, Richmond, VA 23218.
Washington: Call the Washington Secretary of State, toll-free within Washington, 800-332-4483.
West Virginia: West Virginia residents may obtain a summary of the registration and financial documents from the  Secretary of State, State Capitol, Charleston, WV 25305.
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. You can restrict cookies through your browser; however that may impair site functionality.
GOT IT
Are you sure?
ok
cancel
My order summary
Loading...
Keep giving
Checkout Now
Today's total:
Keep giving
Checkout Now