http://www.allnations.ac.uk/privacy-all-nations-christian-college
Skip to main content
You are hereHome » About Us
Search form
Search
Donate
Payment
EnVision Login
Login
Main menuHome
Blog
Contact Us
Term Dates
Courses
Events
News
Tech 21 appeal
Privacy at All Nations Christian College
About Us
About Us
Principal's Welcome
Overview
Heritage
Mission Statement
Statement of Faith
Learning Ethos
About Mission
Enquirers' Days
Find Us
Data Protection
Our People
Principal and CEO
Teaching Staff
Support Staff
Associate
Online Tutors
Board Members
Latest News
All Nations News
Blog
Employment Opportunities
Jobs at All Nations
Volunteer at All Nations
Recruitment Privacy Notice
Employee Privacy Notice
Casual Workers Privacy Notice
Partnerships and Links
Local Churches
International Churches
Conferences we Attend
Mission Organisations
Missions Networks
Easneye Business Network
The Open University
Admissions
Applications
Entrance Criteria
Frequently Asked Questions
En Route Application Forms
En Route application form
Explore application form
Express (residential) application form
Express (online) application form
Undergraduate Application Forms
How to Apply (undergraduate)
Undergraduate Application Form
Undergraduate Reference Forms
Employer's Reference Form (to complete online)
Friend's Reference Form (to complete online)
Minister's Reference Form (to complete online)
Employer's Reference Form (to download)
Friend's Reference Form (to download)
Minister's Reference Form (to download)
Postgraduate Application Forms
How to Apply (postgraduate)
Postgraduate Application Form
Employer's Reference Form (to complete online)
Friend's Reference Form (to complete online)
Minister's Reference Form (to complete online)
Finance & Fees
Make a Payment
Fees
Bursaries
Finance FAQs
My All Nations Budget Calculator
Payment Terms and Conditions 2020/21
Admissions Related Policies
Admissions Policy
Academic Appeals Policy
Policies and Regulations
Student Contract
Student Enrolment 2020/21
Student Protection Plan
Access and Participation Statement
Transparency Information
Data Protection
Visa Information
Visa Guidance
Data Protection
Enquirers' Privacy Notice
Student Privacy Notice (summary)
Student Privacy Notice (in full)
Supporters and Alumni Privacy Notice
College Life
Life At All Nations
Families
Community Life
Tutor Groups
Church Attendance
Student Representation
Student Perspectives
Singles and Couples Accommodation
Family Accommodation
Life After All Nations
Reflections on Courses
Employment Prospects
Courses
About Our Courses
Undergraduate Prospectus
BA Year at a Glance
MA Year at a Glance
Approach to Training
Learning Support
Arts and Mission
Enquirers' Day
Practical Ministries
En Route Courses
EnVision
En Route (Residential)
Explore (Online)
Express (Residential)
Express (Online)
Undergraduate
Certificate
Diploma
Degree
Postgraduate
Postgraduate Programme
All Nations Short Courses
En Route Courses
Short Courses
Advanced Short Courses
Online and Flexible Delivery Courses
Online and Flexible Delivery Courses
College Regulations
All Nations and Open University Regulations
Validated Partner Academic Regulations
Make a Payment
Pay Course Fees Online
Facilities
Accommodation
Singles and Couples
Families
Nursery and School Provision
Conferencing
Conferencing at Easneye
Afternoon Tea at Easneye
Conference Lettings Policy
Bookings Privacy Notice
Library
All Nations Library
Become a Member
Library Application Form
External Library Users
External Library Users Privacy Notice
Make a Payment
Make a Payment
Resources
Articles & Papers
Blog
Staff Publications
Mission Articles
Library Picks
Partnerships and Links
VLE Portal
Alumni
Support Us
Donations
Maple Hall Appeal
Make an online donation today
Different ways of donating to All Nations
Set up a Standing Order
Gift Aid Information
Gifts in Kind
Remembering All Nations in Your Will
Make a Payment
Prayer
Prayer and Praise Points
Time
Ways You Can Give Time
Main menuHome
Blog
Contact Us
Term Dates
Courses
Events
News
Tech 21 appeal
About Us
Principal's Welcome
Mission Statement
Statement of Faith
Learning Ethos
Overview
Heritage
Jobs at All Nations
The Open University
Data Protection
This page describes how we use your personal data, and how we use cookies on the College websites.
Your Personal data
When you first contact us we will use the information you give us about yourself to deal with your request and to provide you with appropriate services.
All Nations Christian College is the data controller for this personal data.
Your Rights
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. In order to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details below.
You have the right to, on request:
access the personal information that we hold about you
correct inaccuracies in the personal information that we hold about you
request that we stop sending you direct marketing communications
In certain circumstances, you have the right to:
have your details removed from systems that we use to process your personal data
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain ways
obtain a copy of your personal data in a structured electronic data file
object to certain processing of your personal data by us
request human review of an automated decision
If you are concerned about the way we have processed your personal information, you can complain to the data protection supervisory authority, The UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) who can be contacted here
To see our Data Protection Policy please click here.
Privacy Notices
You can find out more about what we do with your personal data in the relevant privacy notices which are detailed below.
Enquirers, Students and Alumni*
There are three different privacy notices depending on whether you are enquiring about studying, have registered as a student with us or have previously studied with All Nations. We will collect and use information about you in connection with your study, and we will keep long term academic transcript data. The notices are:
Enquirers’ Privacy Notice
Student Privacy Notice (summary)
Student Privacy Notice (in full)
Supporters and Alumni Privacy Notice
Staff/Workers
All Nations Christian College needs to collect and process personal data in order to carry out our duties as an employer. The following documents set out how we use your personal data depending on your circumstances:
Recruitment Privacy Notice
Employee Privacy Notice
Casual Worker Privacy Notice
Website
For more information about how we use your information as a website user or how we use cookies on our website, please see:
Website Privacy Notice
Cookies Policy
Supporters
FABS (Friends, Alumni, past and present Board Members, Staff and Volunteers) are considered to be our supporters as are others who choose to subscribe to our mailings. You can find out how we use your information here:
Supporters and Alumni Privacy Notice
Conferences
If you make a booking of any kind (e.g. book accommodation, a private function or conference) you can find out how we use your information here:
Bookings Privacy Notice
Library
If you are an external Library user, you can find out how we use your information here:
External Library User Privacy Notice
Contact us
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, have any queries about this privacy notice or about the way we process your personal information, please direct any queries to our Data Protection department using the contact details below.
If you would like to exercise your right to access the data we hold about you, it would help us if you would complete this Subject Access form but this is not essential, you can also do this by contacting us by any of the following methods:
Email: info@allnations.ac.uk
Telephone: +44(0)1920 443500
By post: Data Protection, All Nations Christian College, Easneye, Ware, Herts, SG12 8LX
You can update your mailing preferences here or by contacting: network@allnations.ac.uk
We will make every effort to respond to you within 7 days and within no more than 30 days.
Security
We take security very seriously. All staff are made aware of the security procedures they must follow when handling personal information. Data is protected from unauthorised access and we are confident no-one will be able to access your personal information unlawfully.
Please note that email is never a 100% secure way of communicating. By using it, you agree that you will send any information by email at your own risk.
*UK Government Student Surveys
We are legally required by the UK government to gather statistical data about our students. This information is collected through the Higher Education Statistics Agency (HESA).  Below are the links to the privacy collection notices regarding each collection:
The Student Collection 2020-2021 (information is collected both before and after you arrive at College)
The Student Collection 2019-2020
The National Student Survey (a survey undertaken during your final year of study)
The Graduate Outcomes Survey (a survey undertaken some 15 months after you graduate/leave)
All Nations Christian College Limited is a registered charity (No. 311028) and a company limited by guarantee, registered in England (no 990054). The College is registered under the Data Protection Act 2018 (Reg. No. Z6320083). The College has a fully owned trading subsidiary: All Nations Trading Limited, a registered company (No. 1189164) VAT Reg. No. 214 7013 06. Both companies have a registered address of: Easneye, Ware, Hertfordshire, SG12 8LX.
Latest News
3000 views for CarolsRead More
Winter - Spring Newsletter 2020/21Read More
50 Years of Teaching!Read More
Course Accredited!Read More
Upcoming Events
Prayer Ignite
12th December 2020
Read More
Prayer Ignite
16th January 2021
Read More
Enquirers' Day Online
18th January 2021
Read More
Click here to go to our Events section
About Us
All Nations is an independent, evangelical, interdenominational mission training Bible College. The purpose of All Nations is to train students in cross-cultural mission.
Sign up for All Nationse-bulletin
Courses
Short Courses
Advanced Short Courses
En Route
Certificate
Diploma
Degree
Postgraduate
Online
All Nations Handbooks and Policies
Contact Us
All Nations Christian College
Easneye
Ware
Hertfordshire
SG12 8LX
Tel: +44 (0) 1920 443500
Email: info@allnations.ac.uk
All Nations Christian College Limited is a registered charity (no. 311028) and a company limited by guarantee, registered in England (no 990054). The College is registered under the Data Protection Act 2018 (Reg. No. Z6320083). The College has a fully owned trading subsidiary: All Nations Trading Limited, a registered company (no. 1189164),
VAT Reg. no. 214 7013 06. Both companies have a registered address of: Easneye, Ware, Hertfordshire, SG12 8LX.
Cookie policy | Website Privacy Notice | Supporters/Subscribers Privacy Notice