http://www.blackfacts.com/privacy
×
Blackfacts.com Feedback
×
Type:
-- Select Feedback Type --
Reporting a Problem in Joining or Registration
Reporting a Problem
General Question/Inquiry
Other
Name:
Email:
Phone:
Details:
Cancel
Send message
×
Blackfacts Login
Login to BlackFacts.com using your favorite Social Media Login. Click the appropriate button below and you will be redirected to your Social Media Website for confirmation and then back to Blackfacts.com once successful.
Login with Facebook
Login with Twitter
Enter the email address and password you used to join BlackFacts.com. If you cannot remember your login information, click the “Forgot Password” link to reset your password.
Forgot Password?
Login
Cancel
×
Forgot Your Blackfacts Password?
Enter the email address and password you used to join BlackFacts.com. If you cannot remember your login information, click the “Forgot Password” link to reset your password.
Send Password Reset Message
Cancel
Close
Malcolm X Speaks on History of Politics in the U.S.
Random Facts
Carl Crawford Addresses Drowning Victims At His Home, Prays For Families
Sammy says nickname controversy is opportunity to educate on racism
Kenya: Tax Incentives Cost Kenya 6% of GDP, but There's No Global 'Standard'
Governor Promises To Provide Free Health Care For All Black Kentuckians Who Need It : NPR
US Ambassador Tapia says sorry for controversial tweets
Human Rights Watch
Calls For Tulsa Race Massacre Reparations A Century After Violence | The Oklahoma Eagle
Uganda: Opposition Figure Bobi Wine Freed On Bail After Deadly Protests
Jabbar to lead local NAACP - WS Chronicle
Black Teen Shot Dead By White Oregon Man Over Loud Music - Blavity
Make the perfect Roasted Vegetable Dip for your next family night
Southern United States Facts
Fort Negro
Wyman, Virginia
Republican National Convention met in Philadelphia
African American Family History Step by Step
Twelve Black congressman boycotted Richard Nixon's
C. Vann Woodward
South Carolina State University (1896---
)
Simmons College of Kentucky [Louisville] (1879-
)
Veasey, Marc (1971– )
The Washingtons of Wessyngton Plantation: One Tennessee Community's Odyssey from Slavery to Freedom
Women Facts
NAJEE’S NOTES: Another battle in the fight for justice for Andres Guardado -
7 Cocktails From Around The Globe You Can Make For World Rum Day
Success squatters refusing to budge - Stabroek News
Easy ways to enjoy life's everyday moments &ndash; Florida Courier
Washington Wizards Star Troy Brown Jr. On Being An Ally To Black Women And Using His Voice From Inside The Bubble
Get Your First Look At Tariq Bossing Up In 'Power Book II: Ghost'
Watch: Huge 'farm murders protest' blocks roads in Limpopo
Samantha Jasmine Thornton - Voice and Viewpoint
'Her Being Here is the Epitome of White Privilege': Lori Loughlin's Daughter Olivia Jade Appears on ‘Red Table Talk,’ Jada Pinkett Smith's Mother Isn't Happy About it
Cops question five in connection with Trelawny mother's murder
Blackfacts.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
Provide us with feedback on our products or services
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.We do not let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at outreach@blackfacts.com
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
BlackFacts.comc/o Intellitech60 State Street, Suite 700Boston, MA 02109United Statesoutreach@blackfacts.com
Last Edited on 2017-11-09
Back to Top
Sports Facts
Take a Spin!
The Green Book Pt I
United States Facts
Underground Railroad, The (1820-1861)
Attucks, Crispus (1723-1770)
The Black Past: Remembered and Reclaimed | An Online Reference Guide to African American History by Professor Quintard Taylor, University of Washington
Igbo Americans
Loren Miller: Legal Crusader in the Long Struggle for Racial Justice in the Twentieth Century
A New Era Begins: The Significance of the Barack Obama Victory, 2008
The African Union Organization
Nkrumah, Kwame
Mitchell, Arthur Wergs (1883-1968)
Abbott, Anderson Ruffin (1837-1913)
Sports Facts
Book goals: Five tips for how to read more books in a year
Watch: Teenage COVID-19 patient sparks debate with hospital joyride
Watch a masked Adele promote her ‘Saturday Night Live’ appearance with Kate McKinnon – Music News – The Black Chronicle
Clarence Barr's Reality On Ice-'The First Lady Of Literature?' | Florida Sentinel Bulletin
COVID-19: New maps expose Gautengs worst hot-spots [photo]
Nigeria: The Mental Health Consequences of the Lekki Toll Gate Attack
$10M Jean-Michel Basquiat Painting Becomes World&rsquo;s Most Expensive In-App Purchase
Letitia Wright Says She’s Not Thinking About Filming ‘Black Panther 2’ Right Now
This 44-Second Song Is Calling For Justice For Breonna Taylor And Elijah McClain - Blavity
Channing Tatum needs you... if you've got an idea for 'Magic Mike 3'
Popular Topics
African American
American Civil War
Barack Obama
Black People
Democratic Party
Martin Luther King Jr.
New York City
Southern United States
United States
Washington DC
American Civil War Facts
South Carolina secedes from the Union, beginning the rumbles that would become t
African Americans in Davenport, Iowa
Juanita Hall becomes the first African American
28 Unknown Facts: Black History
Harriet Tubman born
Miss. Plan disenfranchises Blacks
Chambers, Samuel D. (1831-1929) and Amanda Chambers (1840-1925)
Voices of the Civil War Episode 8: "Battle of Antietam"
South Carolina was declared "independent
Students Seize college building
African American Facts
(1903) W.E.B. Du Bois, “Training Negroes for Social Power”
Four African Americans win Tony Awards
(1994) Sister Souljah, “We Are At War"
Dawson, William Levi (1886-1970)
28 Unknown Facts: Black History
Soweto, South Africa (1904-
)
Richard Theodore Greener
Adams, John H.
(1927--
)
Ida B. Wells and Her Anti-Lynching Campaign
Thurgood Marshall College Fund
Arts Facts
Take a Spin!
Join Blackfacts Now To Receive Daily Black Facts Of The Day™!
Get the Facts!
Sponsors
Blackfacts
BETA RELEASE
11.5.3
(Production Environment)