https://www.greenvillehumane.com/donor-privacy-policy/
Donor Privacy PolicyHomeDonor Privacy Policy
At the Greenville Humane Society, we value our donors. Without donor support we would not be able to fulfill our mission to preserve the lives and enhance the well-being of animals. Therefore, we want our donors to know that we respect and value their right to privacy.
Donor Information
GHS collects and maintains the following types of donor information when it is voluntarily provided to us:
Contact information such as name, address, telephone number and e-mail address
Giving information
Information on events attended, publications received and special requests for program information
Information provided by the donor in the form of comments and suggestions
This confidential information is kept on file for IRS purposes. It is also used to analyze overall giving patterns in order to make more accurate budget projections, as well as to understand donors’ interests in our mission and to update them on the organization’s plans and activities. This information is shared with staff, board members, volunteers and consultants only on a confidential and need-to-know basis.
Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer for the Greenville Humane Society is Sharon Wilson. Please contact her via e-mail at sharonw@greenvillehumane.com should any concerns regarding the acquisition, storage, deletion or usage of your data occur.
List sharing
The Greenville Humane Society does not sell, rent, trade or share its donor list with any other organization. GHS does not send out mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Discontinuing Contact Upon Request
It is the policy of GHS to communicate with donors according to their expressed preferences whenever possible. GHS will discontinue or change the method used to contact any person upon that person’s oral or written request directed to the organization, its professional fundraiser, or other agent.
GHS shall maintain a record of all requests by persons who indicate to the Greenville Humane Society, its professional fundraiser, or other agents, that they do not wish to be contacted by or on behalf of the Greenville Humane Society. Upon a person’s (or a person’s authorized representative’s) request that the Greenville Humane Society discontinue further contacts, the person’s name and address will be promptly modified in the Greenville Humane Society’s donor database to ensure that no further contact is made with the person. The Greenville Humane Society will also take steps to ensure that no further contact is made with the individual and that the person’s name is removed from any external databases or records under the Greenville Humane Society’s control.
Donor Bill of Rights
GHS subscribes to the Donor Bill of Rights, which was created by the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE), and the Giving Institute: Leading Consultants to Non-Profits.
Donor Bill of Rights
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
I. To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
II. To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
III. To have access to the organization’s most recent financial statements.
IV. To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
V. To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
VI. To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
VII. To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
VIII. To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
IX. To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
X. To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
Adoption Hours
MON–FRI: Noon–6:30PM
SAT: 11:00AM–5:00PM
SUN: Noon–5:00PM
Admission Hours
MON–FRI: 9:00AM–5:30PM
SAT: CLOSED
SUN: CLOSED
Spay/Neuter Clinic Hours
MON–FRI:
Drop Off: 7:30AM–9:00AM
Pick Up: 4:30PM–5:30PM
Vaccine Clinic Hours
BY APPOINTMENT ONLY
MON–FRI: 9:00AM–4:00PM
2ND & 4TH THURS. OF MONTH:
5:30PM–7:00PM
Foster Program Hours
MON–FRI: 10:30 AM – 6:30 PM
SAT: 11:00 AM – 5:00 PM
E-Verify® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Give Today Donate Today
Financial Ratings
Proud to be a Hill’s Pet Nutrition Partner
© 2020 Greenville Humane Society
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
An Engenius website.
Menu