http://www.ojar.com/termsofusage
Home
Deal With Cheaters
About
Don't Miss
Home
>
News
>
OJAR Terms of Use Agreement For Site Visitors
OJAR Terms of Use Agreement For Site Visitors
By Michael on December 14, 2009
OJAR Terms of Use Agreement for this site. You agree, through your use of this site that;
you will not use this site for illegal activity
you will not use this site to distribute content that is copyrighted, harmful, abusive, racially offensive, discriminatory or defamatory.
In addition, you will not use this site to send graphic sexual messages, justify domestic violence or advocate violence of any kind.
you will not harass, stalk, threaten or embarrass anyone. This includes, but is not limited to posting privately identifiable information (PII). For example, a persons name or address or place of work or telephone number without their explicit permission, which has to be given to this site by the person identified.
you will not pretend to be somebody else. You will not share your password or post on this site on behalf of someone else.
you are over the age of 18 years of age
you will not send unsolicited bulk e-mail or chain letters
you will not use this site to promote business activities, surveys or set up pyramid schemes
you will not collect user names or email addresses from this site and you will only download, upload, copy or transmit content that you have the legal right to do so.
you will not translate or modify the content of this site without the written authority of the site owners
By posting content on this site you grant us a royalty-free, nonexclusive and irrevocable right to reproduce, publish, or otherwise use the work in any media, for any purposes, and to authorize others to do so.
You agree to post content only in English.
We reserve the right to refuse service.
You indemnify OJAR LLC, the owner of this site against any liability that arises from your breach of the Terms of Use, or from any other use of this site. The purpose of this site is to help people recover from divorce and should serve as a starting point for undertaking independent research into those services and products that will help them. Links and information provided on this site are only suggestions and do not imply endorsement by us. It is up to you as a consumer to judge your own needs based on your own individual circumstances. In no way should this site be considered a replacement for health care or legal professional services and products. In the interest of full disclosure on certain promotional links on this site we do receive an affiliate commission which we use to help offset the cost of running this site. These include primarily the Google placed Adwords and the section "Useful Links".
If you are feeling suicidal seek professional help immediately. You can try this suggested link https://metanoia.org/suicide/
To the extent that portions of our Site (such as "chat rooms" or "bulletin boards") may provide users an opportunity to post and exchange information, ideas and opinions ("Postings"), BE ADVISED THAT WE DO NOT SCREEN, EDIT, OR REVIEW POSTINGS PRIOR TO THEIR APPEARANCE ON THIS WEB SITE, and Postings do not necessarily reflect our views. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, we exclude all responsibility and liability for the Postings or for any losses or expenses resulting from their use and/or appearance on our Site. We reserve the right to monitor ALL materials posted on any bulletin board or software on our sites and to remove any which we consider in our absolute discretion to be offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms of Use.
Forum Usage:
While using the site forum you agree not to create content that includes gratuitous profanities. You also agree not to create content with the intent to spam, troll, derail a topic, antagonize, provoke, offend, or otherwise harass a fellow member.
Examples of spam or troll content include (but are not limited to) excessively communicating the same phrase, similar phrases, or pure gibberish; creating threads for the sole purpose of causing unrest; picking fights, making off-topic comments; insulting other posters; or making non-constructive posts. Remember, the purpose of this site is to provide support to individuals in relationship transition.
Privacy Policy
We use server statistics like your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising. We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve technologies and services. We may share aggregated non-personal information with third parties. We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services.
We use outside advertising companies to display some of the ads on our site, these ads may contain/use cookies. OJAR LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites that we link too.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their email address). This information is used to send newsletters and other promotional material from us. We do not sell or rent email addresses.
OJAR LLC expressly disclaims any and all, opinions expressed in our community areas. The opinions posted to these areas are those of individuals and not the opinions of OJar LLC. If a posting is offensive, please contact the site administrator.
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional and marketing information from us.
OJAR.com does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe OJAR.com has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below. Here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer: Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes name, address, phone, school, etc. Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate. Look for Web site privacy policies. Know how your child's information is treated. Check out the FTC's site www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/edcams/kidzprivacy for more tips on protecting children's privacy online.
California Privacy Rights
Under California's law SB-27, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses.
To obtain this information from this site, please send an email message to the owner of this site with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the required information within thirty (30) days to you at your e-mail address in response.
Contact Information
The site administrator can be reached at Email:
These terms may be updated and your use must conform to these terms at that time.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
Any other disputes will be resolved as follows:
If a dispute arises under this agreement, we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Los Angeles, California. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Los Angeles, California, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
This site is owned and operated by OJAR.
The crying, broken hearted stick-figure man logo in black and red is a trademark of OJAR LLC. Also, "Divorce Support and Recovery, Advice, Tips and Statistics for under 35s", "Divorce Support for under 35's", "Divorce Recovery for under 35's", "Divorce Tips for under 35's" and, "OJAR.com" with the red and black font is are all trademarks owned by OJAR LLC.
Updated: Nov. 29, 2009
Latest News
Dealing With A Cheating Husband Or Wife – The Infidelity Coach
An interview with Dr. Robert Huizenga - The Infidelity Coach...
Posted March 24, 2015
0
Leading common causes and reasons for divorce
Here are some of the leading common causes and effects...
Posted February 21, 2015
0
Relationship Problems.
If you are going through divorce, breakup or relationship difficulty...
Posted February 16, 2015
0
Quotes About Divorce
A few quotes about divorce to capture a thought about...
Posted February 14, 2015
0
Rebuild Trust After Infidelity, Susie and Otto Collins Interview
Susie and Otto Collins are relationship coaches. I interviewed them...
Posted December 29, 2011
0
Reasons To Hire A Private Investigator
If you suspect your spouse is cheating you may need...
Posted October 21, 2010
0
Coping with anxiety and handling panic attacks at work.
Coping with anxiety and handling panic attacks at work. Out...
Posted October 14, 2010
0
Interviews
Dealing With A Cheating Husband Or Wife – The Infidelity Coach
An interview with Dr. Robert Huizenga - The Infidelity Coach on the subject of...
March 24, 2015
0
Rebuild Trust After Infidelity, Susie and Otto Collins Interview
Susie and Otto Collins are relationship coaches. I interviewed them about how to rebuild...
December 29, 2011
0
Joe tell’s his story – AUDIO INTERVIEW
Joe tell's his story - AUDIO INTERVIEW Approx. running time = 41 minutes. Please...
January 25, 2010
0
A New Way To Fix A Broken Marriage Or Relationship With Counseling – Andrew Van Der Reest
Interview with Andrew Van Der Reest On How To Fix A Broken Marriage With...
January 25, 2010
0
Copyright © 2020 OJAR LLC. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy and Terms of Usage can be found by CLICKING HERE