https://www.nhtsa.gov/about-nhtsa/web-policies-notices
Skip to main content
United States Department of Transportation
Report a Problem
Toggle navigation
Homepage
Ratings
Recalls
Risky Driving
Road Safety
Equipment
Technology & Innovation
More InfoResearch
Data
Laws & Regulations
Briefing Room
Parents & Caregivers
Importing a Vehicle
Vehicle Manufacturers
State Governments
Enforcement & Justice
Careers at NHTSA
About NHTSA Web Policies & Notices
Web Site Information
Language
:
English
Español
Share:
Web Policies & Notices
Web Site Publication Schedule
Web Policies & Notices
Web Site Publication Schedule
Web Site Publication Schedule
NHTSA Main Web Site (www.nhtsa.gov)
Section 207(f)(2) of the E-Government Act of 2002 requires each Federal agency to develop an inventory of information to be published on their Web sites, establish a schedule for publishing information, and make those schedules available for public comment.
In the list below, NHTSA has identified content that already exists on the Web site and new content that is planned for the future. When new information becomes available that is of interest to the general public, NHTSA will offer that content on the Web site as soon as possible. If you have suggestions for additional information that should be made available or comments regarding existing content, please e-mail us.
Freedom of Information Act
FOIA and Privacy Act Request Guidelines; FOIA Annual Reports.
Privacy/Cookie Policy
Description of privacy practices; Privacy Act Notices; Privacy Impact  Assessments; Privacy Officer contact information; how to request Privacy Act information. Also: Explains our online information practices only, including how we collect and use your personal information.
Linking Policy
Explains NHTSA policy on linking to other sites on the Web.
Accessibility
Information on DOT's implementation of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), information technology accessibility, and other matters.
Terms of Use
Explains NHTSA disclaimer and limitation of liability to the information presented on the web site.
No Fear Act
Information on the historic 2002 No Fear Act.
Contact Us
Contact information for NHTSA.
About NHTSA
Information about the agency, mission and values.
Press Releases
Press releases.
Calendar
Information about NHTSA's upcoming calendar events.
Driving Safety
Safety related information on various traffic and pedestrian safety program initiatives.
Vehicle Safety
Safety related information on regarding vehicle safety.
Research
Vehicle safety research information.
Laws & Regulations
Information regarding various vehicle and occupant protection rulings and regulations.
Data
Wide range of studies, reports and information to provide analytical and  statistical support to NHTSA and the highway safety community at large.