http://www.findcounseling.com/privacy
Counseling.info Privacy Policy
Effective March 1, 2012
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Counseling.info website. On some pages, you can make requests and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
NameCompany nameAddressEmail addressPhone numberWeb addressDescriptions of business issues
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself and your business to reply to your inquiries.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website.
For example, we track how frequently individual pages are visited as an indicator of interest levels in different service areas.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can request that we delete your information by emailing us.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (312) 870-0140 or send us email by clicking here.
Visit BetterHelp, our Top rated online therapy provider.
This blog post is sponsored by BetterHelp, but all opinions are our own.”
“Counseing.info may receive compensation from BetterHelp or other sources if you purchase products or services through the links provided on this page.”