http://www.illinoislegalaid.org/about/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Select your language
EnglishSpanishPolish
We simplify the law so you can get justice.
User account menu
Contact
Log in
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Your use of the websites and mobile sites on which these terms reside (collectively, the "platform"), and the features at this Platform are subject to these Terms of Use, which we may update from time to time. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using this Platform. The Platform is owned or controlled by Illinois Legal Aid Online. This Platform is intended for and applicable only for residents of the United States. If you are from another jurisdiction, you may not use this Platform. By accessing this Platform in any way, including, without limitation, browsing this Platform, using any information, and/or submitting information to Illinois Legal Aid Online, you agree to and are bound by the terms, conditions, policies, and notices contained on this page (the "Terms"), including, but not limited to, conducting this transaction electronically, disclaimers of warranties, damage and remedy exclusions and limitations, and a choice of Illinois law. From time to time we may update this Platform and these Terms. Your use of this Platform after we post any changes to these Terms constitutes your agreement to those changes prospectively from the date of such changes. You agree to review these Terms periodically to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version. Illinois Legal Aid Online may, in its sole discretion, and at any time, discontinue this Platform or any part thereof, with or without notice, or may prevent your use of this Platform with or without notice to you. You agree that you do not have any rights in this Platform and that Illinois Legal Aid Online will have no liability to you if this Platform is discontinued or your ability to access the Platform or any content you may have posted on the Platform is terminated. You further agree that Illinois Legal Aid Online will not be liable for any modification or suspension of the Platform. Illinois Legal Aid Online Content Content on this Platform that is provided by Illinois Legal Aid Online or its licensors, including certain graphics, photographs, images, screenshots, text, digitally downloadable files, trademarks, logos, product and program names, slogans, and the compilation of the foregoing ("Illinois Legal Aid Online Content") is the property of Illinois Legal Aid Online and its licensors, and is protected in the U.S. and internationally under trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property laws.  You agree not to download, display or use any Illinois Legal Aid Online Content located on the Platform for use in any publications, in public performances, on websites other than this Platform, for any other commercial purpose, in connection with products or services that are not those of Illinois Legal Aid Online, in any other manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, that disparages or discredits Illinois Legal Aid Online and/or its licensors, that dilutes the strength of Illinois Legal Aid Online's or its licensor's property, or that otherwise infringes Illinois Legal Aid Online's or its licensors' intellectual property rights. You further agree in no other way misuse any Illinois Legal Aid Online Content or third party content (collectively, “Content”) that appears on this Platform. If you are a trademark or copyright owner and you believe that your trademark or copyright rights have been violated, please go to our Proprietary Rights Complaint Process and follow the instructions in that area. Information Not Legal Advice The information on this Platform, including, without limitation, information, and material provided through the LiveHelp chat service, participating in discussion groups, participating in Matching Programs (as defined below), and using automated documents, is not legal advice. Legal information is not the same as legal advice, which is the application of law to an individual's specific circumstances. The information on this Platform is not a substitute for and does not replace the advice or representation of a licensed attorney. Although Illinois Legal Aid Online goes to great lengths to make sure the information on the Platform is accurate and up to date, we make no claim as to the accuracy of this information and are not responsible for any consequences that may result from the use of this Platform. We recommend that you consult with a licensed attorney if you want assurance that the information on the Platform and your interpretation of it are appropriate for your particular situation. You should not and are not authorized to rely on this Platform as a source of legal advice. The use of this Platform does not create an attorney-client relationship between Illinois Legal Aid Online and any user. Use of the Platform and Posting Policy The following requirements apply to your use the Platform: you will not use any electronic communication feature of the Platform for any purpose that is unlawful, tortious, abusive, intrusive on another's privacy, harassing, libelous, defamatory, embarrassing, obscene, threatening, or hateful; you will not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute any information, software, or other material protected by copyright or any other intellectual property right (as well as rights of publicity and privacy) without first obtaining the permission of the owner of such rights; you will not collect or store personal data about other users; you will not use the Platform for any commercial purpose not expressly approved by Illinois Legal Aid Online in writing; you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any advertising or promotional materials or any other form of solicitation or unauthorized communication; you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs which might interrupt, limit, or interfere with the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment. From time to time on certain areas of our Platform, you may be able to submit photos, written posts and certain other materials ("User Content").  By using these features, you agree that: you will not post any content that is unlawful, harmful, tortious, defamatory, libelous, obscene, invasive of the privacy of another person, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, racist, infringing, pornographic, violent or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate as determined by Illinois Legal Aid Online; you will not post any content that contains personal information about any individual, violates the privacy/publicity of any other individual or entity, or anything that you are under a contractual obligation to keep private or confidential; you will not impersonate any person or organization, including without limitation, the personnel of Illinois Legal Aid Online, or misrepresent an affiliation with another person or organization; you will not post any content that contains viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may adversely affect the operation of the Platform, or feature of the Platform.  You further understand and agree that you have no ownership rights in materials you submit to us, to any account you may have with us, or other access to the Platform or features therein.  Illinois Legal Aid Online may cancel your account and delete all User Content associated with your account at any time, and without notice, if Illinois Legal Aid Online deems that you have violated these Terms, the law, or for any other reason.  Illinois Legal Aid Online assumes no liability for any information removed from our Platform and reserves the right to permanently restrict access to the Platform or a user account. By displaying, publishing, or otherwise posting any User Content on or through the Platform, you hereby grant to Illinois Legal Aid Online a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, worldwide, fully-paid, royalty-free license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such User Content in any and all media now known or hereinafter developed without the requirement to make payment to you or to any third party or the need to seek any third party permission. This license includes the right to host, index, cache, distribute, and tag any User Content, as well as the right to sublicense User Content to third parties, including other users, for use on other media or platforms known or hereinafter developed, such as for use on mobile phones, in video or music software computer programs. You continue to retain all ownership rights in your User Content, and you continue to have the right to use your User Content in any way you choose, subject to these Terms and the license described herein.  You represent and warrant that you own the content submitted, displayed, published or posted by you on the Platform and otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth herein, and the displaying, publishing or posting of any content you submit, and our use thereof does not and will not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patents, contract rights or any other intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity. You agree to indemnify and hold Illinois Legal Aid Online, its parents, subsidiaries, officers, employees, and Platform contractors and each of their officers, employees and agents harmless from any claims, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, related to your violation of these Terms, including the Posting Policy, or any violations thereof by your dependents or which arises from the use of User Content you submitted, posted, or otherwise provided to Illinois Legal Aid Online or this Platform. Accounts, Security, Passwords Certain areas of the Platform may require registration or may otherwise ask you to provide information to participate in certain features or access certain content. The decision to provide this information is purely optional; however, if you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or participate in certain features of the Platform. If the Platform requires you to open an account, you must complete the specified registration process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate information as requested by the applicable online registration form. It is your responsibility to maintain the currency, completeness, and accuracy of your registration data and any loss caused by your failure to do so is your responsibility. After you have fully completed the registration form, you may be asked to choose a password and a username. It is entirely your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password and account. Additionally, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify Illinois Legal Aid Online immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. You further agree not to email, post, or otherwise disseminate any user ID, password, or other information which provides you access to the Platform. Illinois Legal Aid Online is not liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. Indemnification You agree to indemnify and hold Illinois Legal Aid Online, its parents, subsidiaries, officers, employees, agents, and website contractors and each of their officers, employees and agents harmless from any claims, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, related to your violation of these Terms, or any violations thereof by your dependents, or which otherwise arises from your use of the Platform. Representations and Limitations of Liability Illinois Legal Aid Online makes no representations about the accuracy of the information on this Platform or the reliability of the features of this Platform, the Content, or any other Platform feature, and disclaims all liability in the event of any service failure. You acknowledge that any reliance on such material or systems will be at your own risk. Illinois Legal Aid Online makes no representations regarding the amount of time that any Content will be preserved. Illinois Legal Aid Online does not endorse, verify, evaluate or guarantee any information provided by users and nothing shall be considered as an endorsement, verification or guarantee of any Content. You shall not create or distribute information, including but not limited to advertisements, press releases or other marketing materials, or include links to any sites which contain or suggest an endorsement by Illinois Legal Aid Online with­out the prior review and written approval of Illinois Legal Aid Online. THIS PLATFORM (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL INFORMATION AND CONTENT CONTAINED HEREON) IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO THIS PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION OR SOFTWARE THEREIN. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL ILLINOIS LEGAL AID ONLINE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS PLATFORM, NOR SHALL ILLINOIS LEGAL AID ONLINE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY EVENTS BEYOND ILLINOIS LEGAL AID ONLINE'S REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THIS PLATFORM'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO A NEGLIGENT ACT, WILL ILLINOIS LEGAL AID ONLINE OR ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OF ANY KIND THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE PLATFORM, EVEN IF ILLINOIS LEGAL AID ONLINE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  THE PLATFORM MAY CONTAIN FACTS, OPINIONS, VIEWS, STATEMENTS, AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD PARTY INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS. ILLINOIS LEGAL AID ONLINE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR ENDORSE THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY FACTS, OPINIONS, VIEWS, STATEMENTS OR RECOMMENDATIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE PLATFORM. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY RELIANCE UPON ANY SUCH FACTS, OPINIONS, VIEWS, STATEMENTS OR RECOMMENDATIONS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IN NO EVENT WILL ILLINOIS LEGAL AID ONLINE OR ANY ILLINOIS LEGAL AID ONLINE AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR LOSS OR INJURY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY. Export Control Software and other materials from the Platform may be subject to United States Export Control. The United States Export Control laws prohibit the export of certain technical data and software to certain territories. No software from the Platform may be downloaded or exported in violation of any such laws. Illinois Legal Aid Online does not authorize the exportation of any software or technical data from the Platform to any jurisdiction prohibited by the United States Export laws. In particular, but without limitation, the Platform may not be exported, re-exported, diverted, transferred, or disclosed (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List.  You represent and warrant that: (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government "watch list" of prohibited or restricted parties, including the Specially Designated Nationals list published by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury or the Denied Persons List published by the U.S. Department of Commerce. You also agree that you will not use the Platform for any purposes prohibited by United States law. Each of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the United Nations Convention on the Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods is hereby expressly excluded and will not apply to this Agreement. Third Party Websites This Platform may hyperlink to sites and platforms not maintained by or related to Illinois Legal Aid Online. Hyperlinks are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by or affiliated with this Platform or Illinois Legal Aid Online, and Illinois Legal Aid Online makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, or accuracy of those third party sites. The information you submit at a third party site accessible from this Platform is subject to the terms of that site's privacy policy, and Illinois Legal Aid Online has no control over how your information is collected, used, or otherwise handled. Location Based Services This Platform may use location-based services to locate you. If you choose to use the location-based services portion of this Platform, you consent to Illinois Legal Aid Online and/or its third party provider accessing your approximate or exact location. You also grant Illinois Legal Aid Online permission to use this information to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you, as well as to provide advertising content in which Illinois Legal Aid Online believes you may be interested. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy. Online Feedback Illinois Legal Aid Online provides the opportunity for users to give online feedback so that you may comment on the materials that you find on the Platform. This feedback is always optional. The purpose of the feedback is to improve the Platform for other users. Miscellaneous Both you and Illinois Legal Aid Online acknowledge and agree that no partnership is formed and neither of you nor Illinois Legal Aid Online has the power or the authority to obligate or bind the other. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of Illinois without regard to conflicts of laws principles. By using this site, you hereby agree that any and all disputes regarding these Terms will be subject to the courts located in Cook County, Illinois. YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, CLAIMS, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED WITH THIS PLATFORM AND/OR THESE TERMS, WILL BE RESOLVED INDIVIDUALLY, WITHOUT RESORT TO ANY FORM OF CLASS ACTION. These Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. On certain areas of our Platform, you may be given the ability to provide us with personally identifiable information. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information about our information collection and use practices, which Policy applies to information you submit on this Platform, and you hereby agree to the terms of that Policy. The failure of Illinois Legal Aid Online to comply with these Terms because of an act of God, war, fire, riot, terrorism, earthquake, actions of federal, state or local governmental authorities or for any other reason beyond the reasonable control of Illinois Legal Aid Online, shall not be deemed a breach of these Terms. If Illinois Legal Aid Online fails to act with respect to your breach or anyone else's breach on any occasion, Illinois Legal Aid Online is not waiving its right to act with respect to future or similar breaches. If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms constitute a binding agreement between you and Illinois Legal Aid Online and is accepted by you upon your use of the Platform. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Illinois Legal Aid Online regarding the use of the Platform. By using the Platform, you represent that you are capable of entering into a binding agreement and that you agree to be bound by these Terms.   You acknowledge and agree that your acceptance of these Terms and your use of the Platform constitutes your “electronic signature” indicating your desire to use the Platform.  Your “electronic signature” indicates your acceptance of this Agreement, and your consent to receive communications about this Agreement electronically.  If you wish to receive communications in another manner, you may contact us at info@illinoislegalaid.org to change your communication preferences.
Terms and policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site FAQs
© 2020 Illinois Legal Aid Online.
All rights reserved.
ILAO is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. ILAO's tax identification number is 20-2917133.