http://www.ifebp.org/aboutus/policies/Pages/privacypolicy.aspx
Sign In
IFEBP>About Us>Policy Statements
Privacy Policy
Body The International Foundation of Employee Benefit Plans has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to respect your right to privacy. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices.
Website Logging
Our Web servers collect domain names and/or IP addresses of users to measure use of the site, administer the site, improve content and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.Specific sections of the website require login and the acceptance of cookies. Sections include InfoQuick, (the EMPLOYEE BENEFITS INFOSOURCE™ article abstract search), members-only content and online courses. We use cookies only to enhance your experience when using our site. We do not use cookies for any other purpose. Links
The website contains links to other sites. The International Foundation is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. By including links to other websites, we neither endorse such sites nor guarantee that the information they contain is accurate. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every linked website as the privacy policies of each may differ from ours. This privacy statement applies solely to the International Foundation's website. Personal Information
The International Foundation uses a variety of forms (print and electronic) that request information and/or allow you to purchase products and services. These forms typically ask for contact information (unique identifiers, name, email address and mailing address, etc.) and financial information (credit card number and expiration date, etc.). The provision of such information is entirely voluntary. The International Foundation may also send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving future communications from the International Foundation by following the procedures detailed in the section below labeled “Updating Your Information”.Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of the International Foundation website, such as online communities or by posting a resumé, such information may be collected and used by others over whom the International Foundation has no control. The International Foundation is not responsible or liable for any other third party's use of information that you submit to public areas and communities of the International Foundation website and the International Foundation cannot prevent third parties from retaining or using information that you post. Security
This website has reasonable technical and organizational security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. The International Foundation reserves the right to delete, remove or exclude any listing or information that in its sole discretion, does not meet its intent and guidelines for the services offered on the website. Updating Your Information Information you previously provided can be updated through any of the methods list below. You may also opt out of receiving further communications from the International Foundation through the same methods: Log In, click My Account, My Profile then My Communication.
Send an email to
membership@ifebp.org Send a request by mail to:
Membership
International Foundation of Employee Benefit Plans
18700 W Bluemound Rd
Brookfield, WI 53045
Call (262) 786-6710, Option 1
Changes to Privacy Policy The International Foundation reserves the right to change its privacy policy. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page and will be effective immediately upon posting.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, please contact:
Customer Service
International Foundation of Employee Benefit Plans
18700 W Bluemound Rd
Brookfield, WI 53045
webmaster@ifebp.org
IFEBPCanadianBody