http://www.amazingfacts.org/about-us/privacy-statement
About Us
About Pastor Doug
Bio
Speaking Schedule
Ministry Newsletter
Books written by Pastor Doug
Pastor Doug's Facebook Page
About Amazing Facts
History of Amazing Facts
Belief Statement
Mission Statement
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
6615 Sierra College Blvd, Granite Bay, CA, 95746
(916) 434-3880
Email Us
Share Your Testimony
Share a Prayer Request
Ask a Bible Question
News & Features
Articles
News
The source for everything happening at Amazing Facts.
AF Blog
Understanding the latest news through a biblical lens.
Changed Lives
Heart-touching stories of lives impacted by the ministry.
Pastor Doug's Newsletter
Special insight and inspiration straight from the president’s desk.
Inside Report Magazine
Amazing Facts’ quarterly guide featuring news, articles, Bible answers, and more.
Events
Prophecy Seminars
Understand Bible prophecy and more at these local events in your area.
Evangelism Training
Featuring courses and local seminars on how to be a better witness in your community.
Pastor Doug Speaking
The latest information on all of Pastor Doug’s upcoming events.
Live Church Events
Join Pastor Doug’s church for special music, inspiring sermons, and empowering church training.
Resources
AF i-Tools
Spread the Word using these free digital resources from the ministry, including plug-ins, banners, and more.
Our Other Websites
Fast access to all of Amazing Facts’ English and foreign-language Bible-based websites.
Bible Study
Get Daily Bread
Daily Devotional
Sign up for your daily dose of spiritual insight and encouragement from Amazing Facts.
Verse of the Day
An inspiring passage from Scripture delivered to your inbox every day!
Bible Reading Plan
A guide for walking through all of Scripture in just a year—with catch-up days built in.
Deepen Your Walk
Get To Know Jesus
God's Promises
Scripture Picture Gallery
Scripture Pictures by Books of the Bible
Are You Grieving?
Are Your Burdens Heavy?
Are You Lonely?
Are You Struggling With Guilt?
Study Tools
Free Online Bible School
The world-renowned Amazing Facts Bible school will help you know God’s Word better than ever.
Enroll in Online Course
Enroll in Correspondence Course
Bible Study Guides
All 27 lessons of our popular Bible lesson series available at the click of your mouse.
Free Book Library
Access dozens of Amazing Facts topical Scripture books from Pastor Doug and others.
Media Library
Watch
AFTV
Amazing Facts 24/7 television station featuring the best in Bible study streamed lived and on-demand.
Sabbath School Study Hour
Helping you get the most out of your Sabbath School quarterly every week.
Amazing Facts with Doug Batchelor
Our flagship program features the most informative and inspiring messages from Pastor Doug and more.
Pastor Doug's Weekly Message
Worship with Pastor Doug’s church each week, featuring beautiful music and life-changing Bible study.
Listen
Amazing Facts Radio
Listen to all of Amazing Facts audio programming whenever and wherever you go.
Download AF Radio App for iPhone or Android
Bible Answers Live
Pastor Doug’s worldwide radio program will help you find answers to your biggest Bible questions.
Podcasts & RSS Feeds
On-demand Amazing Facts audio featuring a wealth of spiritual guidance and inspiration.
More
All Archived Programs
Access to our entire media library in one easy-to-use and easy-to-search location.
AFTV Program Schedule
Ways to Watch
Free Offers
Station Locator
Broadcast In Your Area!
Programs by Scripture
Programs by Topic
Programs by Language
Donate
Ways to Give
Donate Now! - Our Greatest Need
Latest Opportunities
Donate By Project
Donate By Program
Donate Monthly
Building For Eternity
Donate to the W.O.R.D. Center!
W.O.R.D. Center Progress Reports
Latest Video Update
Gift Impact
Changed Lives (Videos)
See how your gifts changed another life.
Seasons of Opportunity (Videos)
In every time and season, there is an opportunity to share hope in Christ.
Partners in Evangelism
See how your gifts made a lasting difference recently.
Your Annual Impact
Learn how your faithful giving helped thousands know Christ this last year.
Partnership Choices
Estate/Non-Cash Gifts
Champions of Truth Monthly Partnership
Store
Visit AFBookstore.com
Pastor Doug's Books
Discover all the informative and inspiring books from the speaker and president of Amazing Facts.
Sharing Materials
Witness to friends and family with these powerhouse resources on a wide variety of biblical topics.
Kids Products
Products that will appeal to the young and young at heart.
Devotionals
Strengthen your walk with Christ with these life-changing devotionals from your friends at Amazing Facts.
Bibles
Dig into the Word and become a Bible expert with Amazing Facts line of study Bibles and more.
Clearance Items
These deals on incredible witnessing and Bible resources don’t last long! Get yours before supplies run out.
Training
AF Latino
About Us / Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementAmazing Facts is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Amazing Facts Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Amazing Facts website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationAmazing Facts collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Amazing Facts also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. Amazing Facts utilizes Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect some of this data. Click here to opt out of this anonymous data collection.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Amazing Facts. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Amazing Facts for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Amazing Facts Web site.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Amazing Facts public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Amazing Facts does not read any of your private online communications.Amazing Facts encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Amazing Facts so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Amazing Facts is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Amazing Facts and Amazing Facts family of Web sites.Use of your Personal InformationAmazing Facts collects and uses your personal information to operate the Amazing Facts Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Amazing Facts also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Amazing Facts and its affiliates. Amazing Facts may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Amazing Facts does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Amazing Facts may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Amazing Facts, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Amazing Facts does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.Amazing Facts keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Amazing Facts, in order to determine what Amazing Facts services are the most popular.Amazing Facts Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Amazing Facts or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Amazing Facts; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Amazing Facts, or the public.Use of CookiesThe Amazing Facts Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Amazing Facts pages, or register with Amazing Facts site or services, a cookie helps Amazing Facts to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Amazing Facts Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Amazing Facts features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Amazing Facts services or Web sites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationAmazing Facts secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Amazing Facts secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementAmazing Facts will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Amazing Facts encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Amazing Facts is protecting your information.Contact InformationAmazing Facts welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Amazing Facts has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Amazing Facts at administration@amazingfacts.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.