https://www.scfs.org/privacy-data-policy
LITERATURE
WELFARE
BIBLE STUDY
FRIENDSHIP
Faith in Action
Port Info
Bremerhaven (DE)Cork (IE)Dublin (IE)Falmouth (GB)Greenock Ocean Terminal (GB)Hamburg (DE)Ipswich (GB)Northern Ireland (GB)Northern Ireland (GB)Port Castries (St Lucia) (LC)Portsmouth (GB)Rotterdam (NL)Terneuzen-Ghent (BE)Valero Pembroke Docks (GB)Australian Ports (AU)Other UK Ports (UK)Rest of World (WO)
SCFS NEWS
OUR SUPPORTERS
Statement of belief
History
Contact
CONTACT US
TRUSTEES
In this document the following references apply:
Where refeence is made to "business or site owner, we or us" we are referring to Seamen's Christian Friend Society
Our registered address is: Unit CH18, Inspire Business Park, 16 Carrowreragh Road,
Dundonald, Co. Down, Northern Ireland, BT16 1QT
Our Telephone number is: 028 9521 7770
Privacy and Data PoliciesThis document describes the privacy policy for ‘The Seamen’s Christian Friend Society’ and explains how the society uses and protects any information that you give when using scfs.org website.
The Seamen’s Christian Friend Society is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Seamen’s Christian Friend Society may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Date of birth
Gender
Contact information including postal address, email address, telephone number, social media identity
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Your financial details where you have provided them to make a donation.
Information about your activities on our website(s) and about the device you use to access these, for instance your IP address and geographical location
Information on which links you have clicked on in our newsletters to ensure we are providing you with details of our events or services which we consider to be of interest to you
The information we gather is used for:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our services.
We periodically send marketing and newsletter emails about ports you have indicated you are interested in, using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to the society’s interests.
Process your donation or gift aid.
To meet the legal obligations of the society.
Your rights:
The right to access all of the information that we hold on you, free of charge.
The right to have all of your personal information erased, subject to certain exceptions.
The right to stop receiving newsletters upon request, as soon as reasonably possible.
If you wish to have your details removed from our mailing list, email headquarters@scfs.org giving full details of the identity you wish removed.
AGED UNDER 16: If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
SECURITY: We are committed to ensuring that your information is held secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or unauthorised disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES:
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES:
Our website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Control your personal information:
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Wenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes, if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for Newsletters, you may change your mind at any time by using the manage/unsubscribe link at the bottom of our news emails or by writing to or emailing us at headquarters@scfs.org
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Act 2018. Free of charge. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write The Seamen’s Christian Friend Society Ch18 Inspire Business Park, 16 Carrowreagh Road, Dundonald BT16 1QT. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
This policy is subject to review and periodically may be amended. Please ensure you are satisfied with its content before agreeing to provide your information.  End.
Prayer Request
Your Name
Name can only contain alpha-numeric characters
Email Address
Enter valid Email Address
Tele Number
Telephone Day can only contain numeric characters
Message or Question
Messages can only contain alpha-numeric and selected characters
X