http://www.nclr.org/about-us/privacy-policy
NCLR Menu
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Issues
Affiliates
Ways to Give
Events
En Español
Media
Blog
Publications
Donate
About Us
Issues
Donate
Home
About Us
Issues
Affiliates
Ways to Give
Events
En Español
Tools
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
2019 Annual Report
Unidos US Fact Sheet
Experts by Issue Area
Our History
President and CEO
Leadership
Board of Directors
Affiliate Council
Corporate Board of Advisors
Work with us
Internships
Issues
Civil Rights
Economy
Asset Building
Housing
Financial services
Retirement
Employment
Latino Tax Priorities
Workforce Development
Adult education
Programs
Youth
Forum
Education
Early Childhood Education
K-12
College and beyond
NILSL
Fellows
NILSL - California
Madrinas Advisory Council
Immigration
Citizenship Resources
Know Your Rights and other resources
DACA LIVES
Health
Nutrition and wellness
Healthy foods
American Hospital Association-UnidosUS Alliance
Health Equity and Accountability Act
HEAA Background Materials
Voting
¡Adelante!: Moving Us Forward
Our Experts
Youth
Fostering Latino youth leaders
Preparing for college and career
College and beyond
STEM
Affiliates
Policy and Advocacy Resources
Find an Affiliate
Become an Affiliate
Membership Payment
Affiliates By Region
California
Far West Region
Midwest Region
Northeast Region
Southeast Region
Texas Region
Ways to Give
Make a Donation
President's Council
Join President's Council
Corporations
Giving Societies
How to Give
Donor Policy
Events
Capital Awards
Annual Conference
National Latino Family Expo
En Español
Sobre Nosotros
Somos UnidosUS
Informe Anual 2017
Preguntas Frecuentes
Presidencia
Liderazgo
Junta de Directores
Consejo de Afiliados
Consejo de Asesores Corporativos
Temas
Derechos Civiles y Justicia Criminal
Economía
Presupuesto
Educación
Inmigración
Actualidad
DACA
Salvemos TPS
Salud
Inscripción abierta 2020
Nutrición y Bienestar
Comprando Rico y Sano
Juventud
Participación Cívica
Home
> About Us
Privacy Policy
UnidosUS is committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors and Affiliates. Please read this policy to understand what personal information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use the information we collect.We track our visitors’ activities to make sure we are providing the best path and access to information. In the form of “cookies” we track the number of recurring visits to our site to minimize pop-ups and the repetition of information that we have already made available to you.Information Collection and UseUnidosUS collects personally identifiable information in the following ways: UnidosUS collects personal information when you subscribe to our email alerts. This information includes your name, address, telephone number and email address. This registration information is also used to allow you to sign in and download publications free of charge.UnidosUS collects personal information when you make a donation to the organization and complete our online donation. This information includes your name, address, telephone number, email address, and payment information.UnidosUS also collects personal information when you purchase publications online. This information includes your name, address, telephone number, email address, and payment information. You also supply your email address when you contact our Publications Department through the link on our publications page.You provide personal information (name, address, email address, and telephone number) to the website of Democracy in Action when you sign into our Action Network. This database is maintained by Democracy in Action, but UnidosUS has access to the database for use in its educational and advocacy activities.UnidosUS also collects personal information when you provide your comments to us via our Feedback feature. This information includes your name, email address, organization, and position or title. From time to time UnidosUS solicits opinions from visitors to its site on specific topics.By logging into our Affiliate only password protected section you provide personal information in the form of an email address and password.We may on some occasions use information we collect to inform you of upcoming publications or other marketing material that would serve your interest. On occasion we sell or share this information with individuals or organizations outside of UnidosUS for purposes consistent with UnidosUS’s mission, including marketing or promotional purposes.Cookies and Data TrackingA cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Some parts of this Site may be password-protected. We may use a cookie (cookies reside on your computer and are under the control of your browser) to help us remember and process items that you purchase through this Site; and/or to compile aggregate data about visitors to the Site and their interaction with the Site for the purposes of improving the operation of the Site and/or offering better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use cookies to enable you to return to password-protected areas of the Site without having to re-enter your password. If you wish to disable these cookies, the help portion of the tool bar on most browsers will tell you how do that. If you set your browser to disable cookies, however, you may not be able to access certain parts of this Site. We may also use third-party services such as Google Analytics. This helps us understand traffic patterns and know if there are problems with our Site. We may also use embedded images in emails to track open rates for our mailings, so that we can tell which mailings appeal most to RM customers and end-users of RM services.AdvertisingWe may place online advertising with third-party vendors, including Google, which will be shown on other Sites on the internet. In some cases, those third-party vendors may decide which ads to show you based on your prior visits to the Site. At no time will you be personally identified to those third-party vendors, nor will any of the information you share with us be shared with those third-party vendors. If you prefer to opt out of the use of these third-party cookies on the Site, you can do so by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.Links to Other SitesOur site contains external links to other organizations and websites, and we do not control the use of data collection on external websites. We encourage you to read their policy statements and terms of use. This privacy policy statement governs only this site.SecurityAlthough UnidosUS takes all measures to prevent unauthorized access to and maintain the accuracy of your data and information, no information transferred over the Internet is 100% secure. UnidosUS cannot guarantee the total security of information transmitted to us.By visiting our website you understand our privacy statement and limitations. If you have any questions about this privacy statement please contact UnidosUS by email at webmaster@UnidosUS.org or by mail: UnidosUS, Webmaster, Raul Yzaguirre Building, 1126 16th St., NW, Washington, DC 20036 or by phone (202) 785-1670 or fax (202) 776-1792.Your use of this site is also governed by our Terms of Use Statement, so please read that as well.Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use (revised 7/25/17) and Privacy Policy (revised 7/25/17). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of UnidosUS.
Contact Information
Phone: 202-785-1670
info@unidosus.org
1126 16th St. NW Suite 600
Washington, DC 20036
Media Inquiries
news@unidosus.org
Who We Are
About Us
President and CEO
Leadership Team
Work with Us
Get Involved
Read Our Blog
Support Our Work
Register to Vote!
Join Our Action Network
Find out more
Publications
News Releases
Events
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy