http://www.britishclub.org.sg/terms-use
Toggle navigation
THE CLUB
HISTORY
CORE VALUES
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
COMMITTEE
MANAGEMENT
PUBLICATIONS & MEDIA
ADVERTISING & SPONSORSHIP
PHOTO GALLERY
CAREERS
BUS SCHEDULE
CONTACT US
MEMBERSHIP
MEMBERSHIP DETAILS & FORMS
CLUB RULES & BYE-LAWS
RECIPROCAL CLUBS
INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATE CLUBS
E-SERVICES
MEMBERS' PROMOTION
REWARDS PROGRAMME
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION ACT
UPDATE YOUR CONTACT DETAILS
STAY HOME
DINING
Dining Specials
MOUNTBATTEN BAR AND GRILL
WINDSOR ARMS
VERANDAH CAFÉ
SCORES SPORTS BAR & RESTAURANT
SPLASH BAR
BANQUET & CATERING
SPORTS
Fitness Classes
Cricket
Football
Golf
Martial Arts
Squash
Swimming
Rugby
Tennis
ACTIVITIES & EVENTS
Special Activities & Events
Regular Activities
FACILITIES
Children's Facilities
Gymnasium
Library
Spa Centre
SPORTS CENTRE
Swimming Pool
THE HANGOUT
Pro Shop
The Work Hub
Windsor Shop
Subscribe
Login
×
TERMS OF USE
This page sets out the Terms and Conditions under which you may use The British Club Website. Accessing the website means that you accept and agree to be bound, without limitation or qualification, by these Terms and Conditions. The British Club reserves the right to modify or revise these Terms at any time, at its sole discretion. If you choose to access the website, then you are bound by any such modification or revision and should therefore visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions.
1.0 Use of Material
1.1 The contents of this website, including but not limited to text, software, photographs, graphics, illustrations, artwork, video, music, sound, names, logos, trademarks, service marks and other material are protected by copyright laws internationally. This includes both content owned by The British Club and content owned or controlled by third parties and licensed to The British Club.
1.2 You are authorised to view and download a single copy of the material on the website solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not sell or modify the material or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the material in any way for any public or commercial purpose without the written permission of The British Club.
1.3 If you would like to obtain The British Club's permission to use any of the material on your own website, or link to our website, please contact the Marketing Department (email to marketing@britishclub.org.sg, with Subject title: British Club Website). If you violate any of these Terms, your permission to use the material automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the material.
2.0 No Warranties
2.1 The website and material are provided on an 'as is' basis without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. The British Club, its partners and suppliers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim all warranties, including but not limited to warranties of title, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability and non-infringement of proprietary or third party rights. The British Club, its partners and suppliers make no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the material, services, text, graphics and links.
2.2 The British Club makes no warranties that the website will operate error-free or that its website or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful items. The British Club is not liable for any costs if use of the website or the material results in the need for servicing or replacement of equipment or data.
2.3 The British Club shall not be held responsible for any third party material.
3.0 Limitation of Liability / Disclaimer of Damages
3.1 Use of this website is at your own risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the materials or other contents of this website or with these Terms and Conditions, The British Club 's Privacy Policy, or other policies, your sole remedy is to discontinue your use of the website.
3.2 In no event shall The British Club, its partners or suppliers be liable to any user or any third party for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary or lost profits) resulting from the use or inability to use the website or the material, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not The British Club is advised of the possibility of such damages.
4.0 Copyright Infringement
4.1 The British Club may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, remove, or disable access to, material on the website that infringes on the rights of others. If you believe that your work has been used on our website in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide The British Club with a written notice that includes the following information:
4.1.1 Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
4.1.2 A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the website;
4.1.3 Your address, telephone number and email address;
4.1.4 A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;
4.1.5 A statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorised to act on the copyright owner's behalf;
4.1.6 An electronic or physical signature of a person authorised to act on behalf of the owner or the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
5.0 Links to Other Sites
5.1 Links to third party websites maintained by others are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by The British Club of their contents. The British Club is not responsible for the content of linked third party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of their materials. Access to linked third party websites is at your own risk.
6.0 Indemnity
6.1 You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless The British Club, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the material (including software) or your breach of the terms of this Agreement.
7.0 Jurisdiction and Validity
7.1 The British Club makes no claims that the materials are appropriate for any particular purpose or audience, or that they may be downloaded outside of Singapore. Access to the materials may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access our website from outside of Singapore, you are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
7.2 The British Club is headquartered in Singapore and, hence, all legal issues arising from or related to the use of the website shall be construed in accordance with and determined by the laws of Singapore. By using this website, you agree that the exclusive forum for the bringing of any claims or causes of action arising out of or relating to your use is in Singapore. You hereby accept and submit to the jurisdiction of such court in any such proceeding or action, and irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which you may now or hereafter have to the venue and any claim that any such action or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
7.3 If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly provided in a particular 'Legal Notice' for software or material on particular web pages, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and The British Club with respect to the use of our website.
THE BRITISH CLUB Privacy Policy
1.0 General
1.1 The British Club wants visitors to this website to know that we are as concerned as you are about the privacy of any information that you may provide to us through The British Club Site. The British Club is making every attempt to ensure that all our business practices involving the use of your information are compliant with privacy regulations in Singapore.
1.2 When you use certain online services of The British Club Site, including but not limited to Member Profile, Online Bookings, Online Shopping, The British Club may ask you to provide certain Personal Information in the online forms.
1.3 Personal information may include your first and last name, title, mailing address, email address, telephone and fax number, language, employer, business title and other personally identifying information.
1.4 Accordingly, The British Club wants to not only advise you of your privacy rights in relation to your use of our website but to also explain how we intend to respect them. By accessing or using The British Club Site and any pages thereof, you agree to the following terms of The British Club Privacy Policy, acceptance of which is a condition of the Legal Terms and Conditions.
2.0 Providing Personal Information on our Website
2.1 Depending upon the service you wish to use, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some are optional. If you do not provide the mandatory information with respect to a particular service, we will not be able to process your request.
2.2 Our web server will recognise your domain name, but not your email address. We may use 'cookie' technology in the public area of this website to increase your user experience on The British Club Site.
3.0 How may your Personal Information be used?
3.1 We propose to use, store or process the Personal Information provided by you to The British Club Site for increased convenience as well as to keep you informed about new activities and services or offers which we believe may be of interest to you.
3.2 If you do not wish to have your Personal Information processed for any of these purposes then you will have the opportunity to indicate this below when giving your consent and submitting any request to The British Club Site.
4.0 To whom and where Personal Information may be disclosed?
4.1 The British Club will not disclose your Personal Information to external third parties.
5.0 Protection of your Personal Information
5.1 The Personal Information that you provide in connection with your Member profile is protected in several ways.
5.1.1 Your information is encrypted when provided over the Internet.
5.1.2 Your access to this data is available through your User ID and a Password. We strongly recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
5.1.3 Your information is stored on a secure server that resides behind a firewall after your information reaches The British Club.
5.1.4 The firewall is designed to block access to this data from outside The British Club.
5.1.5 Inside The British Club, only selected British Club staff and contractors have access to the server via their individual passwords.
6.0 Retention of your Personal Information
6.1 Your Personal Information will only be kept for such periods as is permissible by law.
6.2 Where The British Club no longer requires your Personal Information, we may permanently erase it without prior notification.
7.0 Retention of your Personal Information
7.1 You may at any time request for The British Club to make available a copy of your Personal Information. You have the right to access, update, correct or delete your Personal Information and preferences at any time.
7.2 You are able to amend certain data yourself. This can be accomplished by logging into your Member Profile with your User ID and your Password, changing the appropriate information and submitting the modified form (please follow the instructions on the site). Your data should be accessible at any time, except in case of server disruption.
8.0 Consent and Opt-Out
8.1 By providing your Personal Information and then pressing the [Submit Request] button, you freely consent, subject to a notification to the contrary provided below, to The British Club using and processing your Personal Information for the purposes set out on this page.
8.2 Where you do not wish to have your Personal Information processed for any or all of the Purposes indicated above you should so indicate your preference in the text of an email to the Marketing Department. If you wish to remove your Personal Information from our email and/or direct mailing list providing you with information about new activities and services or offers that we believe may be of interest to you, please opt-out by checking the appropriate box when you provide your Personal Information to The British Club Site.
9.0 General Information
9.1 In the event of processing change, The British Club will notify you as soon as practicable and, where required, seek your consent. The British Club may change the Privacy Policy from time to time. Each use of The British Club Site will publish the most current version of the Privacy Policy informing you of any changes.
9.2 Third party websites to which The British Club Site may link have separate privacy policies and data collection practices. The British Club is neither responsible for the content of such websites nor for their privacy and collection practices.
9.3 If you have not agreed to the Legal Terms of Use you may not use, access or submit information to The British Club Site.
Book a Club tour
Terms of Use
Useful Links
latest browser versions
Copyright © . The British Club. Design by 24K.
Book a Club tour
×
Name
Phone
Email
Message
Submit
×
Third Party Website Disclaimer
You are now leaving the British Club website to access a third party website. Please note that the British Club is not responsible for privacy policies or personal data security policies of the third party websites.
Conditions of Access
“By providing the hyperlink to this third party site, the British Club shall not be deemed to endorse, recommend or guarantee the services/products they provide on their websites and the British Club is not a party to any contractual arrangements entered between you and the provider of the external website unless otherwise expressly specified or agreed to by the British Club. If you submit personal data to any of the third-party sites, your personal data is not subject to the Club’s Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer
The British Club makes no representations or warranties in respect of this third party site you are about to access directly or indirectly via this website. You acknowledge that the website you are about to access is provided by third party on an "as is", "as available" basis. The British Club shall in no event be liable for any damage, loss or expense including without limitation, direct, indirect, special, or consequential damage, or economic loss arising from or in connection with:
Any access, use or the inability to access or use this web site, or reliance on the contents of this website;
Access to this website is not an endorsement or verification of such website and such website should only be accessed at your own risks. This exclusion clause shall take effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Agree
Go Back