http://www.jasestatelaw.com/privacy-policy/
Due to COVID we doing Zoom & In-person meetings by appointment only. Call Today for a Consultation.
×
Helping You Prepare For
The Future You & Your Family Deserve
Schedule a Free Consultation
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors and customers is of significant importance to us. This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any personal information we obtain about you based upon your use of our website, products and/or services (“Personal Information”).User Consent - By visiting our website or using our products or services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy.Collection of Personal Information - The Personal Information we gather from you helps us learn about our customers and potential customers. We use this information to better tailor the features, performance and support of our solutions, products and services, and to contact you (or have others contact you) from time to time with information and offers about our or a third party's products and services.Personal Information You Provide to Us - We collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily. The Personal Information we collect includes, but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, web address, telephone number, e-mail address, and information contained in any e-mail or other communication you send to us or information you give to us in any other way.Personal Information Collected via Technology - As you navigate our website, certain passive information may also be collected, including your Internet Protocol address, browser type, and operating system. We may also use cookies, a small file stored by your web browser on your computer, and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and viewed. This type of information is collected to make our solutions and services more useful to you by understanding what pages you click on during your visit to our websites. Such information will allow us to improve and personalize your experience. Accepting cookies through your web browser is your personal choice. You can set your browser to disable cookies.
However, if you choose not to accept cookies, we may not be able to provide you with as good of an experience as one that is specifically tailored to your needs by utilizing the cookie.Use and Disclosure of Information - In general, Personal Information you submit to us is used either to set up solutions or purchase products and/or services, respond to requests that you make, to process transactions, to facilitate your request for a quote from a third party service provider or to aid us in serving you better. We may share your Personal Information with other businesses to offer you products, services, and promotions. In addition, we may share your Personal Information with other businesses that may contact you regarding requests for service. We may also use your Personal Information to provide you with electronic newsletters or promotional e-mails as well as information and offers about our products and services. We may also use third-party advertising partners and its service providers in order to deliver to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain websites.We may also use third parties to maintain and store your Personal Information and to process any payment you make to us. Generally, these third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by us. We may also disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect and defend our rights or property or the rights or property of users of our websites or our customers.If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information - Should you decide to stop receiving e-mail communications or newsletters from us, you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if at any time you wish to subscribe to any communications from us, you may do so by contacting us at [email]. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you e-mail regarding updates to legal notices applicable to any account you create with us. From time to time, we may also contact you by telephone to offer you products or services which we believe may be valuable to you. Should you prefer not to receive such calls, please contact us in advance or advise the representative who contacts you.Regarding Minors - Our websites are not designed for minors under the age of 18. We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of 18.Links to Other Sites - Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites.Security - We use reasonable measures to maintain the security of your Personal Information. Even so, technical mistakes are possible. However, no company, including us, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.Privacy Policy Updates - This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any changes in the way we use your Personal Information, we shall notify you by posting an updated Private Policy on our website. If you object to any such changes, you must cease using our website, products and/or services. Continued use of our website, products and/or services following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgment of such changes and agreement to be bound by such changes.