http://www.clm.com/content/cookie_policy
PrintShare
About Us
Introduction
History of the Firm
Partners for Your Business®
|
Practices|
Professionals|
News & Publications
News
Publications
Year in Review
Press Releases
|
Careers
General
Summer and Unassigned Programs
Diversity
Pro Bono
Brochure
NALP Form
Benefits
|
Resources|
Contact
Home
>About Us
>Cookie Policy
About Us
Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP Cookie Policy
Last Updated: May 22, 2018
Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. Our firm uses cookies on our website (the “Website”) for certain limited purposes. This policy explains how cookies are used on the Website. The policy may be amended from time to time. When we do, we will post the revised policy on this page on the Website with a new “Last Updated” date.
What are Cookies and How Cookies are used
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you browse Websites that can recognize you when you revisit and remember certain information about you. This can include pages you have visited, choices you have made from menus, any specific information you have entered into forms, and the time and date of your visit. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other Website users, which helps us to enhance the user’s experience and improve our Website functionality.
We use cookies in connection with our Website for limited purposes. Cookies may also allow us to gather data about our Website, such as the number of visits, most visited pages, etc. Cookies also help with the following:
Make our Website work in a more user-friendly way;
Improve the speed and security of the site; and
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook.
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission);
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission);
Pass data to advertising networks;
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties; or
Pay sales commissions.
Our Website uses two types of cookies to improve the functionality of our site and to deliver many of the features that make your browser experience more user-friendly. These are described in more detail below.
Our own cookies
We use cookies in ways that help our Website function more effectively. These cookies tell us:
Whether you have visited us before or are a new visitor; and
Your search settings, which help us to understand which areas of the website are of greatest interest to you.
These cookies are required for the operation of our Website. If you do not want these cookies to be set, you should not access or use our website for any purpose.
Social Website Cookies
Our website contains links to Facebook, Twitter and other similar social media sites that enable you to “Like” or share the content of our website with other people via social media. When you use these “share” buttons, a third-party cookie is installed. The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Granting us permission to use cookies.
By clicking the “I agree” button or by continuing to use our Website after you have received this cookie notification, you give us your permission to use cookies. However, removing or changing settings may limit the accessibility and functionality of our website, which means that it may not work as you would expect.
More Information About Cookies.
You can usually switch cookies off or disable or refuse to allow cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Doing so, however, might limit the accessibility and functionality of the Website. For more detailed information about cookies, including how to disable cookies, see www.allaboutcookies.org.
It may be that your concerns around cookies relate to so called "spyware." Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive.
If you have any questions in relation to this policy, please contact Melinda Bascone, Marketing Director, at bascone@clm.com.
Latest News
NY Department of Financial Services Brings Its First Cybersecurity Regulation Enforcement Action
Despite the attention the New York Department of Financial Services (“DFS”) Cybersecurity Regulation attracted when it took effect in March 2017, the number of enforcement actions brought by DFS under the…
Carter Ledyard Client Global SC Finance SRL Completes $1.29 Billion Refinancing
Carter Ledyard client Global SC Finance SRL recently completed a refinancing of an existing series of revolving asset backed notes, involving an extension of the maturity and increase in the aggregate principal amount to…
Karen Schiele and Alison Powers Herman Published in the New York Law Journal on Estate Planning Around the New York Estate Tax
Karen and Alison, partners in Carter Ledyard’s Trusts and Estates Department, discuss and explain the peculiarities of the New York estate tax regime, including the dreaded and draconian “cliff”, and offer…
Carter Ledyard Recognized in the 27th Edition of The Best Lawyers in America©
Twenty-two Carter Ledyard attorneys were recognized by The Best Lawyers in America in their 2021 rankings.
Preston C. Demouchet Named to the American Bar Association’s 2020-2022 Trust and Estate Fellows Class
Selection is highly competitive for this two-year fellowship, which provides attorneys with the opportunity to serve in leadership roles within the ABA, attend RPTE Section meetings, and receive mentorship from veteran trusts…
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
We continue to monitor and report on recent COVID-19 developments. Please refer to our Response Group’s homepage, where you'll find advisories from numerous attorneys on a wide range of subjects.
Carter Ledyard Secures Compassionate Release in Important Case
Carter Ledyard client Rita Gluzman, a 71-year-old federal inmate, successfully petitioned the Southern District of New York for compassionate release after spending nearly a quarter century in federal custody.
See all news items
Attorney Advertising
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© Copyright 2020 Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP