https://www.oloughlins.com.au/terms-of-use/
Terms of useHome / Terms of useBy accessing or using this website you agree to these terms and conditions.
Jurisdiction
This website is hosted on a server in the state of South Australia and except where another jurisdiction is specified, legal content on this website is based on laws applicable in South Australia.
O'Loughlins Lawyers and its associated entities (we, us, our) do not represent that we are permitted to provide legal advice in any other jurisdiction from which this website may be viewed.
Material on website
The material on this website (Material) is intended to provide general information in summary form on legal topics, current at the time of first publication. The Material is not, and is not intended to be, legal advice. Visitors to this website should not act or refrain from acting on the basis of any of the Material without first obtaining advice specific to their own situation. Use of this website or receipt of any of the Material is not intended to and does not create any solicitor-client relationship.
The Internet is not a secure medium and communications to and from this website may be intercepted or altered in transit. We do not warrant that the website is free from anything which may damage any computer which accesses the website or data on such computer.
Limitation of liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we exclude completely all liability to any person for loss or damage of any kind (however caused, including by negligence) arising from or relating in any way to the Material and/or any use of the website (Services). Where any law implies a warranty into these terms of use which may not lawfully be excluded, then to the maximum extent permitted by law, our liability for breach of the warranty will at our option be limited to the supply of the Services again, or the payment of the cost of having them supplied again.
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated we own the licence, copyright and all other proprietary rights in the material contained on this website. The contents of this website include but are not limited to the "O'Loughlins Lawyers" name and logo, text, images, animations, sound recordings and/or software and the arrangement of them.
The information on this website can only be accessed for non commercial or personal use. Unless you have obtained prior written permission, you can not reproduce, publish, license or alter any of the content found on this website.
Links to or from other sites
This website may contain links to websites at domains other than "oloughlins.com.au". Such sites may be controlled or produced by third parties. Except as indicated, we do not control, endorse, sponsor or approve any such websites or any content on them, nor do we provide any warranty or take any responsibility for any aspect of those websites or their content.
You must not create or maintain any link from another website to this website without our written consent.
Privacy
This website may use "cookies" to collect anonymous traffic data from users who access this website. Our internet server may also automatically record details about any computer used to access the website (such as the IP address, domain name and browser type), the date and time of access, and details of the information downloaded. This information is used for internal statistical purposes and to improve this website and our services.
Any other information supplied to us (for example if you send us an email or complete a form available on the website) is treated in accordance with our privacy policy.
No Spam
Publication of email addresses on this website does not infer consent to the receipt of unsolicited commercial electronic messages.
Changes to Terms of Use
We reserve the right to change these terms of use at our discretion and without providing any notice to you. The most current version may be accessed by clicking on the "Terms of Use" hypertext link at the bottom left corner of the website.
Contact
If you have any questions relating to these terms of use, please contact us. Services we offerCorporate and CommercialEquity Capital MarketsLitigationInsolvency and ReconstructionPropertyFamily LawWorkplace and InsuranceHealth, Aged care & Retirement LivingSuccession PlanningDeceased EstatesItalian LawContact InfoO'Loughlins Lawyers
Level 2, 99 Frome StreetAdelaide SA 5000Ph: (08) 8111 4000
Fax: (08) 8111 4099
admin@oloughlins.com.auDaily: 8:30 am -5:30 pm
Saturday & Sunday: ClosedCopyright 2018 © All Rights ReservedTerms of Use   |   Privacy & Policy
Retrieve Protected File
This form can be used to retrieve a protected file from the O’Loughlins Vault.
You will need the unique 16 digit file identification code and the PIN number associated with your file.
Enter File Identifier:
×
Definitions
Advance Care Directive: Legally binding document
Substitute Decision maker (SDM): A person appointed to make decisions on your behalf
×
ACD enquiry form
Submit enquiry to O’Loughlins Lawyers Advance Care Directive C-ordinator.
×