http://www.publiccounsel.org/terms
About Us
Overview
Mission
Staff
Board
Supporters
Employment & Internships
Offices
Annual Report
Practice Areas
Appellate Law
Center for Veterans' Advancement
Children's Rights
Community Development
Consumer Rights & Economic Justice
Early Care & Education
Education Rights
Homelessness Prevention
Immigrants' Rights
Opportunity Under Law
Audrey Irmas Project for Women and Girls Rights
News
Press Releases
Our Stories
News Clips
Publications
Video
Services
Take Action
Support Us
Volunteer
Join Our List
Events
Contact Us
Offices
Media Inquiries
Blog
Terms & Conditions
By accessing this web site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions defined below.  If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you should not access or use this web site.  We may modify the terms and conditions at any time. Your use of the web site after a change has been posted will be subject to the modified terms and conditions.
Disclaimer Of Liability
Public Counsel presents the information on this web site as a service to members of the general public.  While the information and publications on this site are about legal issues, they are not intended to provide, nor are they the equivalent of, legal or professional advice.  You should not act or rely on any information that you obtain from this site without first seeking the advice of an attorney regarding the facts of your specific situation.  People seeking specific legal advice or assistance should contact an attorney, either by contacting a bar association Lawyer Referral Service, such as the services operated by the Los Angeles County Bar Association or the Beverly Hills Bar Association, or another source. Anyone reviewing the publications on this site should also consult the relevant statutes and court decisions when relying on cited material.
Similarly, we provide links to other sites that we believe may be useful or informative. These links to third party sites or information are not intended, and you should not interpret them, as constituting or implying our endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party information, products or services found there. We do not maintain or control those sites.
No Warranties
Public Counsel makes no claims, promises, or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this web site and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this web site. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed, or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this web site or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources.
No Attorney-Client Relationship; No Guarantee Of Confidentiality
If you communicate with Public Counsel or any of our attorneys through this web site or otherwise by electronic mail or any other means, your communication will not create an attorney-client relationship with us, will not invoke an attorney-client privilege, and will not necessarily be treated as confidential.
Public Counsel does not intend or purport to practice in any jurisdictions other than those in which our lawyers are licensed to practice.  In the event this communication is not in conformity with the regulations of any state, Public Counsel is not willing to accept representation based on this communication.
Copyright And Trademark
Public Counsel owns or licenses the copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the materials on this web site, and those rights are protected by United States and international copyright and other intellectual property laws. Text materials may be used, downloaded, reproduced, or reprinted for your personal or organization's non-commercial purposes only. All copies must contain the following attribution: "Reproduced with permission of Public Counsel Law Center," and such other statements as provided on this web site. All copies of legal educational materials must include the additional legend: "This document is provided for general information only, and is not intended as a source of legal advice. Users are encouraged to seek the advice of an attorney." You must include all copyright notices displayed on the materials. Text materials may not be changed in any way. Public Counsel's prior written consent is required for any commercial use of text material. The graphic materials on this web site, including photographs, illustrations, and artwork, may not be used for any purpose without the prior written permission of the copyright owner.
The terms "Public Counsel," "Public Counsel Law Center," our logo and other trademarks, service marks and indicia of source (Marks) are owned by Public Counsel. You may not use our Marks in connection with any product or service that does not belong to us, nor in any manner likely to cause confusion about whether we are affiliated with or the source, sponsor, or endorser of the product or service or in any manner that disparages us.
Conditions Of Use
As a condition of your use of Public Counsel's web site, you warrant to Public Counsel that you will not use Public Counsel's web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions. You may not use Public Counsel's web site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair Public Counsel's web site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of Public Counsel's web site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through Public Counsel's web site.
Attorney Advertising Notice
This
Web site may include descriptions of successful client representations,
strategies or outcomes in matters.   The results portrayed were dependent on the
facts of the particular matters described, among other variables.
Results will differ if based on different facts.   We intend no
assurance and make no guarantee or prediction that we will be successful
in new matters, even if they involve similar facts and circumstances,
or that we are successful in all matters.   Results in any matter are
not necessarily indicative of or similar to results in other matters.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is part of these Terms and Conditions.  To access our Privacy Policy, click here
Home  |  About Us  |  Practice Areas  |  News  |  Services  |  Take Action  |  Contact Us  |  Blog  |  Donate  |  Volunteer  |  Attorney Advertising
©2012 Public Counsel. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy  |  Terms & Conditions
Site by: Trilogy