http://www.worldwitness.org/privacy-policy
RESOURCES
2-2-20
Videos
Prayer Guide
Book Resources
Jubilee Birthday
Articles
ABOUT
Our Mission
Our Staff
Our Fields
Our Projects
Our Missionaries
GET INVOLVED
2-2-20
Explore where to go
Jubilee Birthday
Shaping Futures Event
GIVE
Missionaries
Projects
Where Needed Most
Sponsor/Scholarships
Gift Planning
PRAY
Prayer Guide
CONTACT
Ask a Question
Privacy Policy
At World Witness, we respect the confidentiality of your personal information, and it is our responsibility to ensure that this information is protected.
We encourage you to read this policy carefully. Please do not use our services or provide personal information to us if you do not accept all the terms of this policy. Using this site or giving us information means you are agreeing to this policy.
This policy applies to any information you give us through this site.  We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties.
Once you have shared your contact information, we are likely to send you information about World Witness via mail or email (such as newsletters, prayer letters, etc.)  However, we will respect any request to stop receiving this information at any time.  All regular email communications include an opportunity to opt out of receiving future communications.  You may also contact the World Witness office and request to opt out of receiving our publications and/or any other communications.
Information Collected
Personally identifiable information you disclose may include credit card information, information needed for us to process your request for information (such as opportunities for missionary or volunteer service or giving opportunities) information you provide when completing a survey or evaluation, or information you provide when contacting our staff.
You are not required to answer any questions or provide any information requested by World Witness, and you may decline the exchange of your information at any time.
However, if you choose to withhold requested information, especially items shown as "required" in a form, we may not be able to provide you with some of the resources or services which are dependent on this information, or to process your request.
When you surf the internet, your browser automatically transmits some information to us each time you access content on our site. We use this data for evaluating the usefulness of site information, not to promote third party products or strategies.
We may automatically record certain information when you use our online services through your desktop, laptop, tablet, or cell phone. This may include:
• your IP address or other device address or ID
• your web browser and/or device type
• the features of the apps you use
• the web pages or sites you visit just before or just after you use our services
• the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on our services
• the dates and times you visit, access, or use our services
• messages (such as if you open, click on, or forward a message)We may also collect information about your interactions with our email.We provide more information below about how we use technologies to automatically collect information.
As a matter of policy, World Witness does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without verifiable permission from a parent or guardian.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may collect personal and nonpersonal information from third parties such as [Google Analytics, reCaptcha, Google, etc.].
How Personal Information is Used
We use your information to fulfill your request for information or services. In doing so, we add it to our mailing list and, if an email address is provided, to our email list. It is our practice to add new constituents to our publication, CONNECT. This bimonthly newsletter contains missionary reports and pertinent updates on the ministries of World Witness. You may opt out of future email communications at any time, by unsubscribing from emails or contacting our office to opt out of future mailings.
We use personal information to provide better service to you and to improve our operations.
For Learning About Our Users:
We use automatically-collected information to learn about usage trends and preferences of our users. This helps us:
personalize our services
personalize our communications
keep track of how users provide information to us online
monitor the general use of our online services (such as the number of users, which pages they use, and how they respond to promotions)
develop new products
do a better overall job for our users
We gather automatically-collected information from all our online users, not just you.
Is Personal Information Shared?
We do not share your personal information with organizations or individuals outside of World Witness.
For Service Reasons
We may share personal information with:
third party providers/programs
third parties that provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services
For Legal Reasons
We may share personal information with:
law enforcement agencies, courts, or others when legally required (such as under a subpoena, court order, bankruptcy action, or other legal process) or to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental officials
third parties when we believe it is appropriate to take precautions against liability, protect ourselves against unlawful activity, investigate and defend against third-party claims, protect the security and integrity of our operations, protect our property, enforce our legal rights, or protect the safety and rights of others
acquirers or successors as part of a merger, sale of assets, or similar transactions to which we are party. Should this occur, we will continue to ensure that these privacy policies apply to personal information
Generally, we limit the information we share to that which is reasonably necessary for these third parties to perform specific functions.
Updating Your Information
We want to keep your personal information accurate and up to date. If you have any questions about this information, or if you wish to access or change any of your personal information, you may contact us at worldwitness@worldwitness.org.
Changing How Information is Collected Automatically
As discussed later in this policy, you can adjust the web browser settings on your device to modify your cookie settings. This affects how information is collected automatically when you use your device.
Turning on Location Services on Your Mobile Device
When you download or use our mobile applications, or access one of our mobile optimized sites, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.
Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services on the device’s settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacturer of your device.
Using Do-Not-Track Signals
We do not specifically respond to Do-Not-Track (DNT) signals. Some third-party websites keep track of your browsing activities, including across other websites on the internet, which enables these websites to tailor what they present to you. Your browser may allow you to set a DNT signal on your browser so that these third parties know you do not want to be tracked.
How do we protect your personal information?
We use physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to protect personal information:
We store and process personal information on our computers in North America where our facilities are located
We use safeguards such as firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our computers, and authorization controls for information access
We review and update our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to help guard against unauthorized access
We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any personal information, and you provide information to us with that understanding. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on our services. Even after information posted on our websites is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information.
If we learn of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may also post a notice on our websites if a security breach occurs.
How Do We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies?
Cookies
When you use our websites, we may send one or more cookies to your device. Cookies can be used to follow your activity on the website. This information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your website experience. Please review your web browser’s “Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept cookies from our websites, you may not be able to use the features of our websites to their fullest potential.
Third-Party Web Beacons
We may use third-party content or advertising on our websites that use various forms of web beacons which allow the third-party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser in connection with your viewing of that content.
Third-Party Buttons
We may use third-party buttons (such as Facebook “like” or “share” buttons) that allow third parties to collect information about you through their browser cookies, even when you do not interact with the button. Information collected through web beacons and buttons is collected directly by these third parties. We do not participate in that data transmission. Information collected by a third party in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use, and disclosure policies.
When Does This Policy Apply?
This policy applies to your relationship with World Witness and its affiliates, if any, including both your personal and online interactions with us.
This policy does not apply to services offered by other nonprofits, businesses, or individuals, including other sites linked to our sites or that you hear about from us. Information you provide to third parties is provided directly to them, not us. It is subject to their policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through our sites.
For clarity, we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of those third-party sites or services, or for their products or services. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
Additional Terms
Children’s Privacy
We do not want to collect information from children. Do not provide any personal information unless you are at least 13 years of age, and please caution your children against providing any information. If a child under 13 has provided personal information, a parent or guardian may alert us at worldwitness@worldwitness.org and we will, subject to applicable law and other provisions of this policy, use commercially reasonable efforts to delete this information from our database.
International Visitors
If you use our services from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from United States law, you should know you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing.
Changes and Updates to This Policy
We may change this policy at any time. For example, as technologies, laws, or user needs change, our websites and their features may also change. We will communicate these changes to you by posting them on our websites and/or by notifying you through email.
Terms and Conditions
This policy is part of and incorporated into the Client Terms of Service, which is the contract between you and World Witness’ governing use of this site.
Parts of the Terms of Service affect this policy; so, unless you have already done so, please review them here. Terms used but not defined in this policy have the definitions in the Terms of Service.
Other Laws
This policy is intended to supplement any federal and state laws applicable to us relating to the privacy of information we obtain from our borrowers and others.
Questions and Instructions
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this policy, your personal information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices through either of the following methods:
Email us at:
worldwitness@worldwitness.org
Call us at:
(864) 233-5226
Send us a letter at:
World Witness
918 S Pleasantburg Drive, Suite 218
Greenville, SC 29607
Designed and Powered by WMTEK