http://www.mlj.org.uk/privacy/
Privacy – D M Lloyd-Jones
Pages Navigation Menu
Home
MLJ Intro
Biography
News
About
Privacy
Information Collected
The information that we will collect about you will depend on how you use the facilities offered. Our system will record the date and time of your visit to our site, the pages viewed and any information downloaded. However, our systems will not record any personally identifiable information.
If you decide to complete an online order, the information that you enter into the online form will only be collected by us if you submit your order.
Cookies
We use “cookies” to operate our on-line store. A “cookie” is a small text file placed on your computer by our web page server. A cookie can later be retrieved by our web page servers. No personal information is collected with this cookie.
Cookies are frequently used on Web Sites and you can choose if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring your preferences and options in your browser.
We do not store any personal information in a cookie. Cookies are used by the web server to store information in Session Variables.
Session variables reside on the web server for a short period of time. Accordingly, if you wish to place an order, it is required that you accept cookies.
You may still be able to use some information-only pages even if you do not accept cookies.
How we handle E-mail
We will preserve the content of any e-mail that you send us, if we believe that we have a legal requirement to do so. Your e-mail message content may be monitored by our employees for security issues including where e-mail abuse is suspected; our response to you may be monitored for quality assurance issues.
Disclosure of Information
We declare that no information volunteered to us will be divulged to ANY third party, and that all information will be used solely for our own customer service purposes. As a customer of ours, you will find that we are secure, reliable, and discreet. We do not distribute our customer’s email addresses to anyone. You will never receive spam, junk email or any other unsolicited advertising from us.
Acceptance and Changes to Security and Privacy Statement
You acknowledge and accept that your use of the MLJ  Web Site indicates your acceptance of the MLJ Terms of Use and the Security and Privacy Statement. This is the current Security and Privacy Statement. It replaces any other Security and Privacy Statement for this Web Site.
Categories
Dr. Martyn Lloyd-Jones
Missold Pensions
missold SIPPs
MLJ
MLJ Trust
pension misselling
Retirement News
Recent Posts
Welcome to our news section
Who was Dr. Martyn Lloyd-Jones MLJ was a phenomenon in the evangelicalism of Britain in the 20th century. Read more here
Main MenuHome
MLJ Intro
Biography
News
About
Site Privacy & Terms Quick LinksSite Terms
Privacy
Elite Theme powered by WordPress