http://www.ag.state.nd.us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
General
Records received by the State of North Dakota from web sites are subject to the same controls and uses as records collected by governmental offices visited in person. This agency provides security for information provided to it and it does not sell information it receives. We may be required to disclose collected information pursuant to a court order. In addition, we may be authorized to share this information with other state agencies for purposes of child support, law enforcement, collection of debts owed to the State or its political subdivisions and any other purpose authorized by law. Information not specifically addressed in this policy must be disclosed pursuant to the North Dakota Open Records Law.
Domain Information
Log analysis tools are used to create summary statistics, used for administering the performance of the web sites, diagnosis of problems and determining which information is of most interest to the public. The following information is collected for analysis only:
User Client hostname - the hostname and/or IP address if DNS is disabled of the user/client requesting access.
HTTP header, "user-agent" - the user-agent information includes the type of browser, its version, and the operating system it's running on.
HTTP header, "referrer" - The referrer specifies the page from which the client accessed the current page.
System date - The date and time of the user/client request.
Status - The status code the server returned to the user/client.
Content length - The content length, in bytes, of the document sent to the user/client.
Method - The request method used.
Protocol - The transport protocol and version used.
Personal Information
If during your visit to our site you send an email, the email address will be collected as a means to reply to you. We may forward your message to another agency for appropriate action.
Cookies will be used under specific conditions. A cookie is a text file stored on your computer used to maintain an uninterrupted transaction with the application.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track and report website activity. How Google uses this data can be reviewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information.