http://www.wm.edu/aboutthissite/privacy/index.php
Latest about COVID-19 and W&M's Path Forward.
W&M menu
Info for...
Home
About this Site
Privacy & Security
Page MenuW&M A-ZW&M BlogsW&M in PicturesPhoto CreditsPrivacy & SecurityHistory
This Privacy & Security Statement is intended to help you understand what information about you we collect during your interaction with our websites, and how we collect, use, protect and share this information.
Parties
You, the visitor to our websites, share with us information about yourself—and our websites collect, use, protect and share this information—in the ways explained within this statement.
For the purposes of this statement, our websites include the primary web servers for William & Mary and its administrative offices, academic units, and graduate and professional schools, as well as, the Virginia Institute of Marine Science, the W&M Alumni Association, and other affiliated organizations.
Unless otherwise specified, references to William & Mary, our websites, as well as, we/us/our within this document refer collectively to the above entities and web properties.
University policies
Our websites, and this privacy & security statement, are subject to the policies and regulations of William & Mary and the Commonwealth of Virginia, including:
Virginia Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
William & Mary System and Data Classification Policy and Procedures
William & Mary Policy for Departmental and Organizational Websites
How we collect data
We collect data during your visit through several means, including:
local logs of all access attempts
3rd-party analytics and marketing tools—such as, but not limited to, tools from Facebook, Google, HubSpot, LinkedIn, SiteImprove and YouTube.
web forms which you may choose to complete and submit to us
browser cookies—small files stored in your browser—often containing only a random-looking set of numbers and letters meaningful only to our websites
Privileged information
We treat different types of information differently. Here are 3 levels of information privilege we recognize:
sensitive information
including credit card and Social Security numbers
specific personal information
such as your full name, home address and phone number
non-personal information
such as metadata, including cookies, provided by your web browser
What privileged information we collect
In accordance with William & Mary policies, including those enumerated previously:
your most sensitive information is not directly collected by or stored on our public websites; but our websites will connect you with secure servers that comply with W&M policy and industry standards to process transactions involving your most sensitive information
other specific personal and non-personal information that you or your web browser provide may be directly collected by and stored on our public websites
How we share and use privileged information
In accordance with William & Mary policies, including those enumerated previously:
your most sensitive information is not directly collected by or stored on our public websites; but our websites will connect you with secure servers that comply with W&M policy and industry standards to process transactions involving your most sensitive information
other specific personal and non-personal information collected on our websites will be shared and used in these ways:
within William & Mary
to communicate with you about William & Mary
to provide personalized services or persistent authentication
to understand how you found and use our websites
to understand aggregate trends and patterns in the use of our websites
to improve and protect our websites and web infrastructure
external to William & Mary
by service providers acting on our behalf to communicate with you about William & Mary
by our 3rd-party analytics and marketing tools—such as, but not limited to, tools from Facebook, Google, HubSpot, LinkedIn, SiteImprove and YouTube.
by select partners with whom we have a contract
by other entities acting to protect our interests or fulfill W&M policy or legal obligation
Security
Consistent with the policies and regulations of William & Mary and the Commonwealth of Virginia, we work with W&M Information Technology (IT) to secure our websites and any privileged information we collect by applying physical, electronic and managerial procedures that:
safeguard and secure servers from unauthorized access and use
maintain data accuracy
ensure the correct use of privileged information
Our 3rd-party service providers and select partners maintain their own privacy and security safeguards with regard to servers and data outside of the control of W&M IT. These include, but are not limited to, tools from Facebook, Google, HubSpot, LinkedIn, SiteImprove and YouTube.
Links to other websites
Our websites may link to the websites of external entities with their own privacy and security policies.
We encourage you to read the privacy and security policies of websites not belonging to us.
Removal from email lists
We host many email communication lists, which may not be managed by the same folks who maintain our websites.
Official promotional and marketing emails contain instructions for contacting the owner of the list, or requesting to be removed from the list.
Some lists (both official and unofficial) use the university's central listserv system maintained by W&M IT, from which you can manage your subscriptions directly—or contact W&M IT for assistance.
Please note – subscription to some official email lists is required as part of enrollment, employment or participation in our programs.
Changes to our privacy & security policy statement
We reserve the right to update this privacy & security statement at any time—always subject to the policies and regulations of William & Mary and the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Contact Us
We would love your feedback. Here are some tips to help you get your suggestions, comments or questions routed to the best person as quickly as possible:
The individual departments, offices and programs within our websites generally include an "About" menu item, which should help you contact those folks directly.
Our websites also have a "Contact Us" link, usually near the very bottom of each page. This will provide you general contact information for the organization or academic unit sponsoring the entire website.
For any other suggestions, comments or questions about our websites you may contact [[web]] and we will do our best to connect you with the appropriate individual.
3rd Party API Services
Embedded YouTube playlists and videos use YouTube API Services solely for retrieving the playlist and referenced videos. We do not collect, store or utilize user data from YouTube API Services; and we do not allow 3rd parties to advertise on these pages. YouTube videos are loaded and played within your (client) browser, in accordance with the YouTube API Services terms and Google privacy policy.  You can manage your YouTube privacy and Google data and Google security from your account.
Follow W&M on Social Media:
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Flickr
Instagram
William & Mary Blogs
Williamsburg, Virginia
Contact Us
Info for
Prospective Students
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Parents & Families
Alumni & Friends
Discover
About
Academics
Admission & Aid
Campus Life
Research
News
Quick Links
Search W&M
W&M A-Z
Hire W&M
Careers at W&M
Emergency Information
Report Concerns
©2020 All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility
Consumer Information
Policies
Privacy & Security