http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/legal/lgln/06.2003.html
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 June 2003
Editor: Prof. Arthur S.
Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax
431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Fred
Bernstein, Esq., New York City; Joshua Feldman, Student, NY Law School ‘05;
Joseph Griffin, Student, NY Law School ‘05; Alan J. Jacobs, Esq., New York
City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York City;
Mark Major, Esq., New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., Washington, D.C.; Tara Scavo,
Alumna, NY Law School ‘03; Daniel R Schaffer, New York City; Audrey E.
Weinberger, Student, NY Law School ‘05; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's
College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer,
LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le_gal@earthlink.net.
Inquire for subscription rates.
(C) 2003 by the Lesbian &
Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
BRITISH COLUMBIA HIGH COURT
VOTES FOR SAME-SEX MARRIAGE
Adding more weight to the
growing movement for same-sex marriage among the Canadian judiciary, a unanimous
three-judge panel of the British Columbia Court of Appeal ruled on May 1 that
same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry. _Barbeau v. British
Columbia (Attorney General)_, 2003 BCCA 251.  This decision, together with previous rulings from courts in
Ontario and Quebec, puts renewed pressure on the Canadian federal government to
propose a marriage bill within the next year, since this court chose the same
effective date for its decision as the Ontario court had chosen: July 1, 2004.
In this case, eight same-sex
couples and EGALE Canada, Inc., the nation’s lesbian and gay rights political
organization, sued the Attorneys General of British Columbia and Canada, arguing
that the refusal to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples violated the
right to equal treatment under the law guaranteed in Section 15 of the Canadian
Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
Section 15 lists various
grounds on which equal treatment may not be denied unless such denial is
justified under Section 1.   The
Canadian Supreme Court has ruled that sexual orientation discrimination by the
government, as an “analogous ground,” is forbidden in Canadian law unless
justified under Section 1.  Section
makes the rights and freedom granted in the Charter “subject only to such
reasonable limits prescribed by law as can be demonstrably justified in a free
and democratic society.”
In this case, a trial judge had
ruled that the denial of marriage licenses was justified under Section 1,
relying on the inability of same-sex couples to procreate through their own
sexual intercourse as a sufficient distinction from opposite sex couples,
together with the traditional view of marriage as being for the purpose of
procreation and raising of children.  Prior
to reaching this conclusion, the trial judge had also opined that such denial
did violate Section 15, and that the marriage laws, despite gender-neutral
wording, did not authorize same-sex marriage.
Perhaps most significantly, the
trial judge ruled that the Parliament could not legislate same-sex marriage
without a constitutional amendment, reasoning that when the governing
constitutional document of Canada, dating back to 1867, gave the federal
Parliament authority to determine who could marry, its use of the word marriage
referred to the common law definition of marriage then in existence, which was
clearly the union of one man and one woman to the exclusion of all others.
Thus, ruled the trial judge, Parliament’s ability to legislate about
marriage was confined to making adjustments consistent with that common law
definition, but not changing it.
Writing for the Court of
Appeal, Justice Jo-Ann Prowse agreed with the trial judge that the existing
marriage statutes do not authorize the government to issue licenses for same-sex
marriages, but she also noted that the existing statute contains no specific
prohibition of such marriages, either.  Prowse
also agreed with the trial judge that the denial of licenses violates Section 15
of the Charter.
However, the court of appeal
departed from the trial judge in finding insufficient justification under
Section 1.   First, Justice
Prowse stated, “I do not accept the trial judge’s conclusion that the
definition of marriage under section 91(26) of the Constitution Act, 1867, was
fixed at that time, and for all time, to mean marriage between a man and a
woman, subject only to constitutional amendment.”
Looking back to the 1867 statute that set the framework for the modern
Canadian government, she stated, “It was accepted that the federal government
would control capacity to marry. There was no suggestion that the capacity to
marry in 1867 was then, always would be, dictated by the status quo with respect
to capacity to marry as it existed in 1867.”
Turning to the trial judge’s
Section 1 justification, Prowse noted that it is “common ground that in
applying a Section 1 analysis, the onus is on the party seeking to uphold the
limitation of a constitutional right.  The
burden of proof, on a preponderance of probability, must be applied rigorously.
The party bearing the burden of proof must show that the limitation of
the Charter right is ‘demonstrably justified.’” The trial judge had
accepted the government’s argument that procreation was the overriding purpose
for the legal status of marriage, and thus exclusion of same-sex couples was
“demonstrably justified.”
Justice Prowse reviewed at some
length last year’s decision from Ontario which had rejected this very
rationale.  Even conceding the
importance of procreation to traditional definitions of marriage, Prowse did not
see how that necessarily justified differential treatment under the Charter,
especially given the other purposes for marriage that are also acknowledged
today as being central to the institution. “In this case,” she wrote, “it
is not clear on what basis the trial judge assumed that permitting same-sex
couples to marry would diminish the procreative potential for marriage (unless
he was responding to a perceived threat that if same-sex couples were permitted
to marry, significant numbers of opposite-sex couples would no longer do so).
It is also unclear why he downplayed the very real fact that same-sex
couples can ‘have’ and raise children, given technological developments and
changes in the law permitting adoption.”
Justice Prowse insisted that
“there is no merit to the argument that the rights and interests of
heterosexuals would be affected by granting same-sex couples the freedom to
marry. Contrary to the assertion of Interfaith Coalition – I cannot conclude
that freedom of religion would be threatened or jeopardized by legally
sanctioning same-sex marriage.  No
religious body would be compelled to solemnize a same-sex marriage against its
wishes and all religious people – of any faith – would continue to enjoy the
freedom to hold and espouse their beliefs.
Thus, there is no need for any infringement of the equality rights of
lesbians and gays that arises because of the restrictions against same-sex
marriage.”
Contrary to the trial judge,
Prowse found that the exclusion from marriage is so “severe” a deprivation
of rights that any “benefit” to society from the exclusion is outweighed by
the harm.  Indeed, wrote Justice
Prowse, “Given the serious violation of fundamental rights and freedoms, and
the evidence of numerous and damaging effects on an already disadvantaged
segment of society, I can find no benefit whatsoever to the exclusion.”
However, in the matter of a
remedy, this court proved almost as timid as the Ontario court.
Last summer, the Ontario court suspended its judgment to give the federal
Parliament two years to come up with a legislative response, leaving open the
possibility that should an appropriate response not materialize in time, the
court might then order that same-sex couples simply be allowed to marry under
existing law.  While acknowledging
the continued deprivation of rights, Justice Prowse was not willing in this case
to order the government to take immediate action.
After noting that the government has responded to the Ontario decision
both by appealing it and by setting up a special commission to hold hearings and
recommend legislation, the B.C. court of appeal essentially adopted the same
approach as the Ontario court, except for truncating the time within which the
government may act by picking the same date set by the Ontario court, July 1 of
next year, and by making clear that if the government does not act, this court
will adopt a new common law definition of marriage and order the British
Columbia government to comply with it.
So the marriage cause pushes
on.  It was not clear whether
British Columbia will appeal, since Ontario is already appealing and the matter
can be expected to come before the Supreme Court of Canada prior to the July 1,
2004, deadline.  But this opinion
adds significantly to the growing weight of precedent in Canada suggesting that
the government must extend marital rights to same-sex couples unless it is ready
to require a major reinterpretation of the Charter to create a huge hole in the
equality guaranty of Section 15.  The
opinions have had the merit of stirring political debate, and pushing several
leading politicians to become advocates for same-sex marriage.
Thus, it seems likely that by July 1, 2004, Canada’s federal government
will have taken some action to extend the rights and responsibilities of
marriage to same-sex partners.  A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Indiana Trial Judge Rejects
Same-Sex Marriage Claim
Marion County, Indiana,
Superior Court Judge S. K. Reid granted the state’s motion to dismiss a
lawsuit brought by same-sex couples seeking the right to marry. _Morrison v.
Sadler_, No. 49D13-0211-PL-001946 (Filed May 7, 2003).
Reid agreed with the state’s argument that the Indiana Constitution
provides no basis for invalidating the current law that limits the right to
marry to opposite-sex couples.  As
the case was conceived as test case litigation, the Indiana Civil Liberties
Union, which represents the plaintiffs, will appeal the ruling.
The plaintiffs are three
same-sex couples: Ruth Morris and Teresa Stephens, David Wene and David Squire,
and Charlotte Egler and Dawn Egler.  All
three couples had already participated in civil union ceremonies in Vermont, and
have lived together for several years.
One of the couples, the Eglers, have begun raising a child, born about a
year ago, who was conceived in such a way as to give both mothers a
“biological” relationship to the child.
An egg donated by Dawn was fertilized with sperm from an anonymous male
donor, and then implanted in Charlotte, who carried the pregnancy to term, so
Dawn is the genetic mother and Charlotte is the birth mother.
This scenario gave Judge Reid a wonderful opportunity to observe how
female same-sex couples can procreate and raise children together, thus coming
within the traditional rationale for premising marriage on procreation, but she
passed on the opportunity.
The lawsuit relies on state
constitutional provisions that are in some ways equivalent to the federal due
process and equal protection clauses.  Article
1, Section 1 of the state constitution appropriates language from the
Declaration of Independence, declaring all persons to be “created equal” and
<1609>endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among
these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.”
Based on this declaration, Indiana courts have recognized concepts of
fundamental rights and equal treatment, with the need for government to advance
rational justifications for their abridgment.
However, to judge by Judge
Reid’s summary of past Indiana decisions, it appears that Indiana courts have
taken a very “originalist” approach to fundamental rights.
That is, they will only recognize as fundamental those rights that would
have been seen as such by the framers of the state constitution in 1850.
In past cases, the Indiana courts have rejected the idea that there is a
fundamental right to marry.
In light of this history, Judge
Reid stated, “Neither Section 1, nor any other provision of the Indiana
Constitution, protects any such right, certainly not as it relates to same-sex
marriage.”  In fact, it appears
that an attempt was made to include specific protection for the right to marry
in 1850, and it was voted down in the state’s constitutional convention.
“This indicates that the Constitution’s framers were unwilling to enshrine
any particular view of marriage into the Constitution, and thus that they left
regulation of marriage to the General Assembly.”
Reid rejected the plaintiffs’
attempt to bolster their case by reference to the federal 14th
Amendment, pointing out that so far no court has found a right to same-sex
marriage in the federal constitution.  Reid
also rejected the attempt to analogize this case to the situation presented by
laws banning interracial marriage, on the basis that such laws had undermined
the traditional definition of marriage while a claim for same-sex marriage would
disrupt such a definition.
Even if a right is not
fundamental, under the Indiana Constitution all legislation is subject to
challenge on grounds of rationality, but Reid found that a policy favoring
opposite-sex marriage and forbidding same-sex marriage is “substantially
related to three compelling legislative objectives.”   First, she found compelling “the state’s interest
in encouraging procreation to occur in a context where both biological parents
are present to raise the child.”  Second,
she found compelling the state’s “related interest in promoting the
traditional family as the basic living unit of our free society.”
And, finally, she found that the current policy is “substantially
related to the goal of protecting the integrity of traditional marriage.”
Reid rejected as irrelevant the attempt to show that gay people, or
same-sex couples, can do a good job as parents, or that same-sex couples can
bring new children into the world through donor insemination or surrogacy
arrangements.  These were all
besides the point, in her narrow focus on preserving traditional family
structures.
“The General Assembly may
believe that traditional family context is the best environment for procreating
and for raising children, yet still rationally understand that such arrangements
do not always work and therefore permit other family arrangements,” she wrote,
seeking to justify the anomaly that gay people are raising children in Indiana
while many opposite-sex couples are not. “The objective of marriage law is to
encourage potentially procreative couples to marry, and thereby to prefer that
context for procreation and child rearing, not to create a rigid family
construct that permits only one type of domestic living unit.”
One would like to introduce
Judge Reid to the opinion in _Barbeau v. Attorney General of British Columbia_
(see above) by the British Columbia Court of Appeals, which rejected every
argument that the state of Indiana makes in this case.
The problem, of course, is that Canadian constitutional law is far
advanced beyond the American model when it comes to according equality to
lesbians and gay men.  In Canada,
the Supreme Court has construed the Charter of Rights to ban sexual orientation
discrimination unless, in a particular application, such discrimination is truly
necessary to preserve social order and public welfare.
In that context, once having found that the exclusion of same-sex couples
from marriage produces serious discrimination, the burden is placed on the
government to provide a strong practical justification for the exclusion, not
some generalized rhetoric about tradition and procreation.
This helps to explain why courts in British Columbia, Ontario, and Quebec
have all come to agree that the Canadian government must move within the next
year to address the issue of same-sex marriage in an affirmative way.
But the road for the Indiana
marriage challenge looks much more daunting, in light of American judicial
conservatism on these matters.  A
same-sex marriage appeal was argued in March to the Massachusetts Supreme
Judicial Court, holding out hope that within the next few months there will be a
same-sex marriage break-through in that state, perhaps surpassing the
break-through achieved in Vermont when that state’s Supreme Court decision in
_Baker v. State_, 744 A.2d 864 (Vt. Supreme Ct. 1999), led the legislature to
pass the Civil Union Act.  For a
similar result to emerge in Indiana would require extraordinary movement from
the current state of the law. A.S.L.
4th Circuit Revives
Transgendered Inmate’s 8th Amendment Denial of Treatment Suit
A unanimous panel of the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit ruled May 27 that a
transgendered Virginia inmate may pursue her claim that her 8th
Amendment rights were violated by the application of a state policy forbidding
hormone therapy for prisoners. _De’lonta v. Angelone_, No. CA-99-642-7.
The ruling reversed a decision by Judge James C. Turk, a Senior District
Judge for the Western District of Virginia.
The appeals panel, in an opinion by Chief Judge William Wilkins, found
that Turk erred in concluding that De’lonta’s complaint involved merely a
difference of opinion with prison doctors about the kind of treatment she should
receive.
Originally known as Michael
Stokes, De’lonta was convicted of robbery and sentenced to prison in 1983.
“Since the beginning of her imprisonment,” wrote Judge Wilkins, summarizing
the allegations of the complaint, “VDOC doctors have consistently diagnosed
her as suffering from GID [gender identity disorder], and De’lonta received
estrogen therapy for the disorder in 1993 while in Greensville Correctional
Center.  This treatment continued
until 1995, when De’lonta was transferred to Mecklenburg Correctional Center
and her hormone treatment was terminated pursuant to a then-recently created
VDOC policy.”
The policy provides that
“neither medical nor surgical interventions related to gender or sex change
will be provided to inmates in the management of [GID] cases.
If an inmate has come into prison and/or is currently receiving hormone
treatment, he is to be informed of the department’s policy and the medication
should be tapered immediately and thence discontinued.” The policy was not
strictly followed in her case, according to De’lonta, since her medication was
not “tapered.” Rather, she was forced off the medication abruptly and
provided nothing in its place, leading to uncomfortable physical and mental
side-effects and a compulsion to mutilate her genitals (which she has since done
on numerous occasions).  The only
treatment provided to her has been anti-depressants to calm her down, and some
counseling.
After attempting unsuccessfully
to get her treatment restored, De’lonta filed suit in federal district court,
claiming that she was being subjected to cruel and unusual punishment in
violation of the 8th Amendment because the Department was
deliberately withholding medically necessary treatment for a serious condition.
Based on a review of the record and particularly on an internal
memorandum from one of the prison doctors to another, the district judge
concluded that De’lonta merely had a difference of opinion with prison medical
officials about the appropriate treatment for her condition, and such
differences of opinion do not amount to an 8th Amendment violation.
If anything, found Judge Turk, at best De’lonta should be filing a suit
for medical malpractice in state court.
The court of appeals disagreed,
accepting De’lonta’s argument that at least on a summary judgment motion, it
could be found that her allegations would support a serious claim that prison
officials were deliberately withholding any serious treatment for her gender
identity disorder. “Here, De’lonta contends that her complaint, when
liberally construed, alleges facts sufficient to establish that the denial of
treatment for her compulsion to mutilate herself constitutes deliberate
indifference to her medical needs,” wrote Wilkins. “In particular, she
claims she could prove that (1) Appellees know that she suffers from GID; (2)
she was receiving treatment until 1995, when it was abruptly terminated for no
legitimate reason; (3) the termination of the therapy has resulted in
compulsive, repeated self-mutilation of her genitals; and (4) after Appellees
terminated the hormone treatment, they have refused to provide any treatment to
prevent her from mutilating herself, leaving her at continued risk for serious,
self-inflicted injuries.  We agree
with De’lonta that such allegations adequately state a claim for relief and
that the record does not demonstrate beyond doubt that De’lonta could not
prove those allegations.”
The appeals court found,
contrary to the district court, that the documentary evidence could support the
view that the termination of De’lonta’s hormone therapy, and the refusal to
continue it, was not a result of judgment by the doctors in the prison, but
rather just an application of the policy.  Focusing
on the memo that had been central to the trial court’s ruling, Wilkins
observed that it “supports the inference that Appellees’ refusal to provide
hormone treatment to De’lonta was based solely on the Policy rather than on a
medical judgment concerning De’lonta’s specific circumstances.” Rejecting
the argument that provision of counseling and some anti-depressants would
automatically be considered sufficient to meet 8th Amendment
standards in this case, the court found that “it does not appear beyond doubt
at this early state of the litigation that De’lonta cannot prove facts
sufficient to support her claim that she has not received constitutionally
adequate treatment to protect her from her compulsion to mutilate herself.”
However, the court made clear
that in reversing the summary judgment and remanding the case, it was not making
any comment on “the merits of any issues not yet addressed by the district
court, and we specifically make no comment on the type of treatment, if any, to
which De’lonta is entitled.”
The ACLU of Virginia
represented De’lonta on her appeal, with Kelly Marie Baldrate, an attorney at
Alexandria firm of Victor M. Glasberg & Associates arguing to the court.
A.S.L.
Supreme Court Ruling on FMLA
Applicability to State Employers Raises the Ante for _Lawrence v. Texas_ Ruling
The Supreme Court’s May 27
decision in _Nevada Dept. Of Human Resources v. Hibbs_, 2003 WL 21210426,
significantly raises the ante for potential significance of _Lawrence v. Texas_,
the pending sodomy law case, insofar as the future applicability of the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act to state employers is concerned, while
potentially bolstering the continued application of Title VII in the state
government sphere.
In _Hibbs_, the Court
confronted the question whether a state employee can sue his employer for an
alleged violation of the federal Family and Medical Leave Act, which guarantees
to employees of covered employers the right to take unpaid leave to attend to
serious family and medical issues, with a right of reinstatement.
Hibbs, a state employee, was discharged in a dispute over a leave that he
took and filed a federal suit.  The
district court granted summary judgment to the state, citing the Supreme
Court’s past 11th Amendment federalism cases holding that state
employers could not be sued for age or disability discrimination.
But the 9th Circuit reversed, holding that FMLA was really a
sex discrimination law, sex discrimination receives heightened scrutiny under
the 14th Amendment, and thus Congress is authorized to apply FMLA to
the states pursuant to section 5 of that Amendment.
Writing for the Court, Chief
Justice William Rehnquist agreed with the 9th Circuit, and the
opinion appears to signal that forms of discrimination that are suspect to some
degree under the Equal Protection Clause may be the basis for federal
anti-discrimination laws subjecting state government employers to suit for
damages.  This appears to pave the
way for ENDA’s applicability to state government employers, provided, of
course, that the Supreme Court finds that some form of heightened scrutiny
applies to sexual orientation discrimination by state governments.  The Court did not address the question directly in _Romer v.
Evans_, 517 U.S. 620 (1996), although some have argued (and most subsequent
federal courts have held) that _Romer_’s ruling meant that sexual orientation
discrimination claims are governed by the same rationality review as other
non-suspect equal protection claims.  But
_Lawrence v. Texas_, argued in March, provides the Court with an opportunity to
address the equal protection issue more directly.
How the Court handles that question may, in light of _Hibbs_, have
significance for the potential future scope of ENDA, should the happy day come
when it is enacted into federal law.
Meanwhile, the decision in _Hibbs_
may provide some reassurance to those who feared that the new “federalism”
cases could portent limitations on the application of Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964 to state government employment.
Since all the Title VII categories have been identified in the past as
constitutionally suspect bases for discrimination, it is likely that the Court
would find that Congress had authority to amend Title VII (as it did a few years
after its enactment) to extend its discrimination ban to state governments.
This is good news for some gay litigants, who have achieved at least some
degree of success in seeking damages for hostile environment harassment under
Title VII if they could show that they were targeted due to gender
non-conformity rather than sexual orientation.
A.S.L.
Arkansas Supreme Court Rejects
Custody Change Based on Stereotypes About Lesbians
The Arkansas Supreme Court has
ruled that a lower court may not modify a custody order solely because it
believes that the children might suffer public ridicule in the future due to
others’ erroneous perception that their mother was engaged in a sexual
relationship with another woman. _Taylor v. Taylor_, 2003 WL 1996083 (May 1,
2003). In a level-headed and thorough opinion, Justice Robert L. Brown, writing
for the court, insisted that changes in custody based on concerns about future
harms that may befall children must be grounded in specific evidence and may not
be based solely on speculation and stereotypes.
Rexayne Taylor and Wes Taylor were divorced in November 1999, and primary
custody of their two children was granted to Rexayne pursuant to the divorce
decree. Approximately six months later, a friend of Rexayne, Kellie Tabora, who
was an admitted lesbian, moved in and paid $500 a month for living expenses. One
year later, in May 2001, Wed filed a petition to modify the divorce decree,
alleging that “changed circumstances,” namely Rexayne’s living conditions,
warranted a custodial change. Rexayne denied the allegations.
Judge Edward Jones of the Union County Circuit Court held a hearing on the
petition on April 10 and 11, 2002. Wes called both Rexayne and Kellie to testify
at the hearing. Both women acknowledged that Kellie moved into Rexayne’s home
in May 2000, and both testified that Kellie slept on the couch most of the time.
On occasion, however, Kelli would sleep in Rexayne’s bed. Rexayne nevertheless
maintained that she was not a lesbian, thought homosexuality was wrong and that
she and Kellie did not have a sexual relationship. Furthermore, after Wed filed
his petition in May 2001, Kellie slept in a separate bed in a separate room.
In her testimony, Kellie testified that, although she was a lesbian, her last
relationship had ended at least three years ago. She insisted that there had
been no sexual contact between her and Rexayne during the times that they slept
in the same bed. She also acknowledged that on three or four occasions, the
children had slept in the bed with them. When asked what she would do if the
children were teased about her presence in the home, Kellie said that she would
leave. She also stated that she did not condone a homosexual lifestyle or
advocate it.
Wes’s mother and girlfriend testified as witnesses on his behalf. While both
testified that he was a good father, they also acknowledged, however, that
Rexayne was a good mother to the boys. Wes’s mother claimed that the older boy
had become more withdrawn and cried more often since the divorce. The girlfriend
agreed, and testified that, in her opinion, the younger child became confused
when talking about his mother’s friend. Wes also presented several witnesses
who insisted that they would not allow their children to stay in Rexayne’s
home, knowing that an admitted lesbian lived there.
Wes also testified that his take-home pay each week was more than his
ex-wife’s monthly salary, in part because his business was growing and
becoming more profitable. He also informed the court that he planned to marry
his girlfriend, who would assist him in taking care of the boys. Finally, in
support of his petition for primary custody, he expressed concern about waiting
until it was too late to do something about the situation in which his ex-wife
was now living. He argued that he could provide a “more normal home life and
social life” than could Rexayne.
In response, Rexayne presented testimony from the boys’ elementary school
teachers, who stated that the children were well-adjusted and enjoyable. Neither
teacher reported any behavioral changes, and the younger boy’s teacher stated
that, in her opinion, there would be no negative repercussions from the other
children if they were to learn that their mother was living with a lesbian.
Finally, the mother of the older child’s best friend testified that her boys
often spent the night at Rexayne’s house and was unaware of any unhealthy
influences to which they may have been exposed. She also noted the absence of
any behavioral changes in the children. Finally, Rexayne then took the stand
again on her own behalf and insisted that she would ask Kellie to move out if
the court had any concern about her continued presence in the home.
Approximately one week after the hearing, the circuit court filed its opinion
letter, granting Wes’s petition.  The
judge noted that Wes made more money than Rexayne and had two more years of
college education than she did.  Even
though Wes had also had greater income at the time of the divorce, the court
emphasized that Wes was “more financially secure” than Rexayne. Finally, the
court examined the alleged change in “lifestyle and living conditions” of
Rexayne. The court found the testimony of the two women credible, and found no
reason to disbelieve their testimony denying any sexual relationship between
them.
Notwithstanding this finding, the court ruled that because the public might
incorrectly assume that the women were lovers, the children could face ridicule
and embarrassment in the future. The court commented that “the residence of
Kellie Tabora with defendant and the children even without sex is inappropriate
behavior and is a circumstance that justifies changing of custody from defendant
to plaintiff. It is at least poor parental judgment on the part of defendant to
allow a well known lesbian to both reside with defendant and the children and
sleep in the same bed with defendant.” Primary custody was awarded to Wes, and
Rexayne was granted overnight visitation with the boys on the condition that
Kellie was not spending the night with her.
The Supreme Court reversed. As a preliminary matter, Justice Brown emphasized
that custody should not be modified unless a change would be in the best
interests of the child or facts affecting the child’s best interests were not
known by the trial court at the time the original divorce decree was entered.
With regard to the parties’ education and relative financial status, the court
noted that the current situation was identical to the situation at the time the
initial divorce decree had been entered – Wes had more education and made more
money than Rexayne. Therefore, as to these two factors, there had been no
legally significant change warranting a modification of custody.
With regard to Rexayne’s living situation, the court began its analysis by
acknowledging that “a parent’s unmarried cohabitation with a romantic
partner, or a parent’s promiscuous conduct or lifestyle, in the presence of a
child cannot be abided.”  In that
sense, the lower court had properly scrutinized Rexayne’s living arrangement
to ensure that the children were not being harmed. The lower court erred,
however, when it changed custody based solely on the “appearance of
inappropriate behavior,” notwithstanding its determination that the women’s
testimony that they did not have a sexual relationship was credible. Noting that
this was a case of first impression in Arkansas, the court turned to cases from
numerous other states to support its conclusion that a change in custody may not
be grounded solely in speculation that a parent’s current actions might bring
about a future harm for a child based on the public’s erroneous perception.
While a court has the discretion to act upon “sound evidence demonstrating
that a child is likely to be harmed down the road” as a result of the
parent’s behavior, the court must base its findings “on evidence-based
factors and not on stereotypical presumptions of future harm.”
The court warned that, if the decision rests solely on “personal bias
and stereotypical beliefs, then such findings may be clearly erroneous and the
order may be reversed.” In light of the “extreme seriousness of changing the
custody of children from one parent to another,” the court reiterated that
“evidence-based factors” must govern.
Returning then to the facts in the case before it, the court found that Wes had
failed to demonstrate any actual harm or adverse effect to the children as a
result of Kellie’s presence in the household. Moreover, the boys seemed to be
thriving under the current custody relationship. Therefore, as the record
presented no changed circumstances sufficient to warrant a modification in
custody, the court reversed and remanded for further proceedings. _Sharon
McGowan_
9th Circuit Rejects
Discrimination and Privacy Claims by Lesbian Police Officer
A unanimous three-judge panel
of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th  Circuit rejected a discrimination and privacy suit brought by
a lesbian police officer against the City of Phoenix, Arizona, and several city
employees, in _Patches v. City of Phoenix_, 2003 WL 21206120 (May 12, 2003) (not
officially published).  The court
found no constitutional bar to the police department’s investigation of Sharon
Patches’s relationship with another woman employed by the department, and also
rejected her claim of unlawful sex discrimination.
The court’s per curiam
opinion says little about the facts of the case.
It appears that Patches, who was involved in a relationship with another
officer, assigned her partner to a special squad, and the assignment was
questioned by other subordinates in the department.  This led to a departmental investigation, during which
Patches was asked about the nature of her relationship.  At the conclusion of the investigation, the department
imposed some sort of disciplinary sanctions on Patches, not specified in the
opinion.
Patches sued the City of
Phoenix and various department officials in the federal district court, claiming
that she had been the victim of sex discrimination in violation of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964.  She also
claimed that her constitutional right to privacy was improperly invaded by the
investigation, as well as her right to intimate association, and that her equal
protection right to be free of sex and sexual orientation discrimination had
also been violated.   She also
claimed that the department discriminated against her by ordering her not to
speak with her partner about the investigation while it was ongoing, even though
police officers are normally allowed to discuss such matters with their spouses.
The trial judge, U.S. District Judge Roslyn O. Silver, granted the
defendants’ motion for summary judgment.
Patches based her statutory and
constitutional sex discrimination claims on the assertion that male employees
subjected to disciplinary investigations had been treated more favorably than
she, citing in particular three instances of opposite-sex relationships between
departmental employees and several other cases of misconduct by male officers.
The court rejected the comparisons, commenting that “most of the
misconduct Patches pointed to did not involve workplace disruption and, in some
instances, male officers received comparable or greater discipline for their
misconduct than Patches.”  In
addition, the court found that Patches failed to make any specific factual
allegations that would support a claim that the discipline imposed on her was a
pretext for bias.
The court also found no basis
for concluding that the city itself had any sort of established practice or
custom of harassing women in the police department, finding that the city had
imposed discipline at various times on employees charged with sexual harassment,
and consequently the city could not be held responsible for objectionable
conduct by individual city employees.
Patches had alleged that the
city discriminated against her by requiring her to abide by a departmental
policy under which officers who are under investigation are prohibited from
discussing the ongoing investigation with anybody but their attorney, minister,
union representative or spouse.  Patches
argued that she should be allowed to discuss the investigation with her same-sex
partner.  She argued that because
same-sex partners may not marry in Arizona, this created unfair discrimination,
because she could not confide in her partner the way another officer might
confide in their spouse.   The
court was not persuaded, finding that the city’s policy “tracks the
established communication privileges recognized by law and prohibited _all_
unmarried employees, regardless of sexual orientation, from discussing the
investigation with their partners.”  Thus,
the court found that there was a “rational basis” for this policy, since the
traditional evidentiary “privileges” accorded private spousal communications
provide a basis for distinguishing unmarried partners from spouses.
Patches argued that the policy
has a “disparate impact” on gay people, but the court observed that under
federal constitutional jurisprudence, only intentional discrimination may be
challenged, not discriminatory effects of policies that are not discriminatory
on their face.  There was no
evidence that the communications privilege on which the policy is based was
adopted for the purpose of discriminating against gay people.  It is an age-old privilege that derives, in part, from the
English common law tradition that treated marriage as a unity and prohibited the
state from intruding into the relationship.
Finally, the court rejected
Patches’s claim that the investigation and discipline violated her
constitutional rights of privacy and intimate association.
Patches argued that the discipline was, in effect, for having a same-sex
partner, but the court found that a police department can have a legitimate
interest in discovering and dealing with situations where officers are engaged
in sexual relationships with other officers.
Asserting that “the questions involving the nature of Patches’s
relationship were relevant to the misconduct allegations,” the court observed
that because such relationships within the department might have a “possible
adverse effect on morale, assignments, and the command-subordinate
relationship,” they were “an appropriate matter of inquiry with respect to
employment.”   The court
found this to be “particularly relevant” because “part of the work
disruption at issue was a result of Patches assigning her partner to a special
squad, as assignment that other subordinates questioned.”
It is difficult to evaluate
what is really going on in this case due to the court’s skimpy treatment of
the facts.  Patches contended that
she was singled out for adverse conduct because she is a lesbian and has a
relationship with another woman in the department, while the city’s position
is that Patches improperly used her authority by giving a preferential
assignment to her same-sex partner, causing internal disruption among her
partner’s colleagues.  Because the
court was not writing its opinion for publication, it evidently felt no need to
provide a more expansive factual statement. A.S.L.
Persecutors’ Mistaken Belief
of Homosexuality Can Ground Asylum Claim
The U.S. Court of Appeals,
Third Circuit, reinforced in _Amanfi v. Ashcroft_, 2003 WL 21122420 (May 16),
that the Immigration and Naturalization Act (INA) definition of “refugee”
includes persons who are believed by their persecutors to be homosexual. The
Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA) recognized precedents establishing that
homosexuals are a protected social group, and supporting asylum claims on the
basis of imputed political opinion (i.e., when the persecutor believes the
applicant has a certain political opinion even though the applicant does not). A
1993 INS General Counsel opinion letter and regulation proposal by the Attorney
General in 2000 codify the theory of imputed membership in social group. The
court found that the BIA, nevertheless, deviated without explanation from
precedents in at least two prior decisions when it denied Kwasi Amanfi’s
application for asylum.
Amanfi was detained by the INS
at JFK Airport when he attempted to transit through the United States to Canada
using a Canadian passport in the name Ken Oppong. Amanfi, a citizen of Ghana,
testified before an immigration judge (IJ) that he was a member of the Ashanti
ethnic group whose grandfather, an Ashanti chief, had explained traditional
practices to him, including that homosexuals and individuals who committed taboo
sexual acts would not be suitable for human sacrifice. Amanfi's grandfather and
other relatives practiced Ashanti traditions, but Amanfi identifies as
Christian. Amanfi’s father is a Christian minister, teacher, and television
and radio preacher. Amanfi’s father was assaulted and threatened by “macho
men” and the “Blood Temple” cult, who objected to his lectures against
human sacrifice. The Department of State country conditions report for Ghana
describes “macho men” as private security guards hired by individuals to
settle disputes. Amanfi’s father disappeared in 2000 enroute to church. Amanfi
filed a police report and repeated complaints, but received little assistance
from the Ghanian authorities. Thereafter, men claiming to be police came to
Amanfi's house, drove him to an isolated area, and locked him in a room
containing a fetish or idol that was covered with blood, which he suspected was
his father’s. Amanfi believed that the “police” were actually “macho
men.” Amanfi’s captors told him that his father had been killed because of
his preaching, and threatened Amanfi with the same. Amanfi’s captors brought
him food and wine, from which he concluded, based on his grandfather’s
teachings, that he was being purified for sacrifice.
Amanfi’s testimony continued
that a man named Kojo was detained in the room with him. Amanfi, “who states
that he is not homosexual,” told Kojo that they could save themselves from
being sacrificed if they engaged in homosexual behavior. The “macho men,”
discovering Amanfi in a homosexual act with Kojo, took both men outside and beat
them, then brought them to a police station. The police informed the public that
Amanfi and Kojo were homosexuals, and a “big crowd” came to look at the
naked pair. Amanfi had witnessed prior public torture of homosexuals and feared
that his life was endangered. The police beat him and Kojo daily, until Kojo
died when a policeman “stepped on his testicles.” After more than two months
in police custody, Amanfi managed to escape when the station was understaffed.
He hitchhiked to the coastal capital of Ghana, where he sought refuge at his
cousin's home. The cousin refused to let Amanfi stay at her home because his
homosexual reputation had drawn “a lot of attention,” and she was concerned
about retribution from local chieftains and her family. Amanfi stayed in a
hotel, until his cousin received notice from the police that they were looking
for him. With her help, Amanfi went to the airport where an individual he called
an “immigration officer” provided him with the Canadian passport and placed
him on a flight to JFK. Amanfi explained that he intended to petition the
Canadian authorities for asylum.
The IJ admitted the Department
of State's country report on Ghana and its 1996 Profile of Asylum Claims for
Ghana; the United Kingdom's country report on Ghana; a notarized document from a
woman identifying herself as Amanfi’s cousin; the 1999 and 2000 reports from
Amnesty International; and the 2001 report from Human Rights Watch on conditions
in Ghana. The IJ found Amanfi subject to removal for seeking admission without a
valid document. The IJ also concluded that Amanfi's testimony was not credible,
that Amanfi had not presented corroborating evidence of the practice of human
sacrifice in Ghana, and that Amanfi had fabricated his testimony while in
detention. Thus the IJ denied Amanfi's petition for asylum, withholding of
removal, and protection under the Convention Against Torture.
Although homosexuality is
illegal in Ghana, the INS focused on the U.K. report statement that “the law
is not strictly enforced and homosexuality is generally tolerated.” The INS
also found no support for the proposition that Ghanian authorities routinely
commit “gross, flagrant or mass violations of human rights,” although there
is evidence in the reports of police brutality and arbitrary detention.
Amanfi appealed to the BIA,
ultimately filing a motion for reconsideration. The BIA rejected Amanfi’s
religious persecution claim, concluding that his treatment by the “macho
men” was based on a private dispute involving his father’s ministry, and
declining to address the IJ’s adverse credibility determination. The BIA also
described as being without “any legal precedent” Amanfi's argument that his
claims should be analyzed from the perspective of his imputed status as a
homosexual rather than actual membership in this social group. The Court of
Appeals standard of review of BIA findings of fact is “quite deferential,”
but the opinion makes clear the settled law that imputed status can support a
grant of asylum.
Before oral argument, the INS
had filed a motion to remand the case to the BIA in light of the Attorney
General’s proposed regulation, but the court filed its precedential opinion
before remanding because proposed regulations are not binding on the BIA, and
the INS never declared when it would promulgate the rule. The INS suggested at
oral argument that years may pass before it does so. Although Amanfi’s
emergency motion for stay of removal was denied, and he has already been removed
to Ghana, his petition is still a live controversy because removal bars an alien
from entering the U.S. for ten years.
Readers second-guessing the
IJ’s disbelief of Amanfi’s story may note “Ghana: Detention and Abduction
With Impunity” at web.amnesty.org/library/eng-gha/index. As a West African
nation, Ghana is outside the scope of the 2003 report “State-Sponsored
Homophobia and Its Consequences in Southern Africa” by Human Rights Watch and
the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission.
www.humanrightswatch.org/reports/2003/safrica/. _Mark Major_
Federal Judge Demands
Clarification of School’s Inconsistent Decisions Regarding Gay Student’s
Freedom of Speech
U.S. District Judge Eisele (E.D.
Arkansas, Western Division) ordered defendant, Board of Education of the Pulaski
Special School District to clarify its future conduct towards a gay student
whose ability to be openly gay at school was been suppressed by school
officials. _McLaughlin v. Board of Education of the Pulaski County Special
School District_, 2003 WL 21182283 (April 22, 2003).  Citing _Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Comm. School
District_, 393 U.S. 503 (1969), and _Wallace v. Ford_, 346 F. Supp. 156, 165 (E.D.
Ark. 1972), Judge Eisele stated that the only justification for repressing a
student’s right to openly discuss his sexual orientation is when that speech
substantially disrupts the educational mission of the school or substantially
interferes with the rights of others.
Thomas McLaughlin, a 9th
grade student at Jacksonville Junior High School, was openly gay; a bit too open
in the opinion of his local academic mentors.  School authorities ordered him to refrain from discussing his
sexuality at school.  McLaughlin
filed suit and moved for a preliminary injunction, citing 8 incidents of
discipline and a pending suspension.  He
claimed to have been continually victimized for expressing his sexual
orientation in non-obscene ways, and for criticizing past disciplinary actions
against him.  The motion sought to
restrain school administrators and employees from disciplining him for
discussing those issues.
Judge Eisele’s ruling on the
motion demanded clarification of the School’s intended actions towards Thomas.
The School’s written response to the motion on April 14 directly
contradicts an earlier stance taken during a telephone conference with Judge
Eisele on April 10, which had ended with Eisele’s understanding that the
School would voluntarily cease further attempts to restrain Thomas’
constitutionally protected rights under the 1st and 14th
Amendments.  Judge Eisele made clear
that _Tinker_ was a controlling precedent in determining whether Thomas’
actions were outside constitutional limits.
Eisele explained that _Tinker_,
and later _Wallace_, a local case, held that such speech falls outside
Constitutional limits only when it substantially disrupts the educational
mission of the school or substantially interferes with the rights of others.
Those cases seek to maintain the integrity of the educational environment and to
deter obscene or sexually explicit matters from the same.
A hearing on the pre-trial motion would be necessary only if the School
believed Thomas’ conduct was obscene, sexually explicit, or disruptive to its
curricula.  The School’s oral
reply noted that such a claim was not defensible. Having agreed that Thomas’
conduct was not a threat to the educational community, Eisele concluded that it
was protected under the relevant precedents. Therefore, since the School had
expressly conveyed that Thomas’ behavior was not disruptive _per se_,
injunctive relief prior to trial should not be necessary, but four days after
the telephone conference, the School filed a written response to the motion that
clearly contradicted that presumption.
The School’s written response
alleges that there are multiple factual disputes between the parties.
However, neither prior phone conferences with Judge Eisele nor the
School’s written response set out any specific factual disagreements with the
8 noted incidents.  The School’s counsel confusingly challenged the motion
without stating any specific points of dispute.
This response did not mesh with prior agreements and without more
specificity there was no basis for a claim to submit to a fact finder.
Thus, Judge Eisele’s decision calls for the School to clarify its
position.  Will it voluntarily
desist from further action against Thomas until a trial on the merits takes
place, or will a hearing be necessary to resolve factual inconsistencies and to
determine whether preliminary relief injunction is needed? _Joshua Feldman_
Federal Court Finds Gender
Stereotyping Insufficiently Severe for Title VII Claim
While finding that Harry Kay, a
gay analyst,  had been subjected to
improper gender stereotyping by co-workers at Independence Blue Cross, U.S.
District Judge Berle M. Schiller of the federal district court in Philadelphia,
determined that the company had not violated the federal ban on sex
discrimination in the workplace because it took reasonable action in response to
his complaints and the harassment was not sufficiently serious or pervasive to
violate federal law, even though it proved severe enough to cause Kay to leave
his job. _Kay v. Independence Blue Cross_, 2003 WL 21197289 (E.D. Pa., May 2003)
(not reported in F.Supp.2d).  The
court’s analysis of the case was based entirely on Kay’s version of what
happened, since the issue before the court was whether, based on Kay’s
allegations, he was entitled to pursue a sex discrimination claim against his
employer.
Kay began working for Blue
Cross in June 1992, based in an office on the 9th floor of the
organization’s 42-story building.  In
August 1997, he was assigned to be a product analyst in IBC’s Product Analysis
and Compliance Unit, based on the 42nd floor.
On his second day in this new job, Kay overheard two co-workers talking
in the men’s room, one asking “Did you see that fag that moved up on the
floor yesterday?”  Soon thereafter, a petition was taped on the restroom wall,
stating: “If you want this queer of the floor, sign here.”
The following spring, Kay
received an anonymous letter accusing him of taking mail from a supervisor’s
mailbox, and shortly thereafter an anonymous letter when to Kay’s supervisor,
alleging that he had been “staring, glaring and mumbling comments at the men
who passed by his desk.”  Kay also
received an anonymous letter that said: “Stop staring at me in the bathroom
and on the floor, you faggot.”
Kay brought these issues to the
attention of the company’s human resources director and an in-house attorney.
They were unable to determine who had written the letters, but they set
up a civil treatment training session and required all non-managerial employees
on the floor to participate.  Shortly
thereafter, however, Kay began receiving harassing voicemail messages at work,
some using phrases such as “faggot” and “fem” and “get off the
floor.”  He reported some of these
to human resources, but attempts to trace the calls were unsuccessful. The
company went so far as to put a wiretap on Kay’s line, with his approval, but
without turning up the culprit.
In July 1998, Kay found on his
desk a photocopy of an advertisement for a gay telephone chatline, with the
following typed on it: “A real man in the corporate world would not come to
work with an earring in his ear.  But
I guess you will never be a ‘real man.’!!!!!”
Several months later, there was an incident where another employee was
walking behind Kay, “bending his wrist and pointing” at Kay.
When Kay reported the incident, a supervisor spoke to the employee
involved and the behavior did not recur.  A
year later, a female employee ridiculed Kay as not being a “real man” when
he refused to replace the heavy glass bottle on top of the water cooler.
The same employee, at a deposition, characterized Kay as a “miss
prissy.”
Citing stress as a result of
the harassment, Kay took a leave of absence in August 1999, returning to work
several months later, but after he again complained about receiving harassing
voicemail messages, he was told that he should go out on leave again and was
forcibly escorted from the building.  He
then filed his discrimination claims.
Judge Schiller found that Kay
had indeed been subjected to gender stereotyping in the workplace, finding that
several federal appeals courts, including the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd
Circuit, whose decisions are controlling for the federal courts in Pennsylvania,
have concluded that gay employees can file harassment charges under Title VII of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964 if they can show that they were being harassed due
to gender non-conformity.
In this case, Blue Cross had
argued that the use of terms such as “faggot” and “fag” showed that the
harassment was directed against Kay because he was gay, and thus not covered by
Title VII.  Schiller rejected this
argument, noting that the “real man” comments showed that gender
non-conformity as well as sexual orientation were motivating factors, and so
long as at least one motivating factor for the conduct is prohibited by Title
VII, Kay could bring suit.
The problem, however, was that
Schiller felt that the harassment was neither severe nor pervasive enough to
meet the rather high standard that the Supreme Court has set for hostile
environment harassment claims under Title VII.
According to Supreme Court decisions, only the most severe, persistent
harassing conduct will be considered to have so altered an employee’s working
conditions as to constitute a violation of federal law.
“In considering the severity
of the discriminatory conduct and the nature of that conduct,” wrote Schiller,
“it is apparent that at least some of the conduct at issue falls between acts
that are physically threatening and humiliating and those that are offensive
utterances.  Although the petition
in the bathroom and the anonymous voicemail messages involve a degree of
intimidation, it is significant that Plaintiff was never physically threatened
or humiliated.  Viewed as a whole,
the mistreatment directed at Plaintiff – while not trivial – involved
conduct more accurately described as offensive utterances than something more
egregious.”
Schiller also noted that while
there were several incidents, they were spaced out over a considerable period of
time, occurring, in Schiller’s words, “relatively infrequently.”
Kay’s claim, wrote Schiller, “is based on four pieces of mail, three
instances in which derogatory comments were made by co-workers, and anonymous
voicemail messages, of which three or four were reported.
These incidents spanned a time period of approximately two and one half
years, and from August 1997 to March 1998, and from January to August 1999, no
harassment is even alleged.”
Since the required standard is
to show that the workplace is “permeated with discriminatory intimidation,
ridicule and insult,” Schiller concluded that Kay’s allegations were
insufficient to meet the standard, even if he could show that this accumulation
of incidents had resulted in stress sufficient to require him to withdraw from
the workplace.
Finally, since IBC officials
had reacted to every complaint from Kay by taking reasonable steps, the company
would not be liable for a Title VII violation in any case, even if the
harassment were much more severe than Kay had reported.
In this case, the company responded by requiring civility training,
making several attempts to figure out who the anonymous harassers were
(including at one point hiring an outside handwriting expect, as well as placing
a wiretap), and confronting individual employees with reprimands.
Although the company’s efforts were not particularly successful in
ending the harassment, the court concluded that it had done enough to insulate
itself from liability.
On one level, Judge
Schiller’s decision is quite disappointing, since it concludes that an
employee who suffered such harassment that he was actually driven from the
workplace has no federal redress.  On
the other hand, the decision points out the inadequacies of federal law to deal
with workplace harassment.  There
are numerous cases in which female employees have sued over alleged hostile
workplace harassment based on sexist behavior by male co-workers and
supervisors, alleging facts as bad or worse than those alleged by Kay, in which
the federal courts have dismissed their claims.
A major part of the problem is
that the statutory vehicle for these claims, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act,
is not really a harassment statute, but rather a discrimination statute, which
has led the courts to hold that only conduct that can be characterized as
“discriminatory” can provide the basis for a statutory claim.
Furthermore, the statute only prohibits discrimination by the employer.
Although an employer’s failure to deal with discriminatory conduct by
co-workers can violate the statute, the focus is on the employer, not the
co-workers.  As a result, Title VII
has proved inadequate as a vehicle to make American workplaces harassment-free,
regardless whether the issue of sexual harassment, religious harassment, or
racial harassment. A.S.L.
Appeals Court Orders Domestic
Partner Name Change
People file petitions with
courts throughout this country to change their names on a daily basis.
In most instances, such petitions are granted so long as the petitioner
is not seeking the name change to avoid creditors or commit a fraud.
However, when Nadine Ann Miller filed a petition with the Court of Common
Pleas in York County, Pennsylvania to change her last name to Gingerich, the
surname of her life companion, Judge John S. Kennedy denied the petition as a
violation of public policy. On appeal, a three-judge panel of the Superior Court
of Pennsylvania reversed and granted the petition, finding that the lower court
abused its discretion in denying the application. _In re Miller_, 2003 WL
21078126 (Pa. Super, May 14, 2003).
Miller apparently filed a
proper and complete petition to change her name with the court. After the
petition was submitted, Judge Kennedy ruled on the petition as follows:
THE COURT: All
right. I have had this issue in front of me previously, and I did not ask
whether Ms. Miller's companion is male or female. Frankly, [it] doesn't make a
difference to me, but it has been my policy to deny these name changes because I
believe it permits the party to have what would appear to the public to be a
marriage when in reality it is not.
The last one I
had --- and again I didn't inquire as to the gender of her companion because it
doesn’t make a difference. The last one I had was a woman who came in [and]
wanted to change her name to that of her fiancé who was male, and I didn’t
permit it because in my opinion it would have bestowed upon the couple --- it
would have held them out to society as folks that were legally married, and,
accordingly, I denied it for that reason. So I am going to deny this petition
for the same reason.
In finding an abuse of
discretion and reversing the court below, the Superior Court relied heavily upon
_In re McIntyre_, 552 Pa. 324 715 A.2d 400 (1998). That case involved a
transsexual who held himself (herself) out to be a woman in all respects.
Although legally named Robert Henry McIntyre, the petitioner held herself out to
be Katherine Marie McIntyre and had rented apartments, opened bank accounts and
obtained credit using the female name. A legal name change was sought as a
prerequisite to sex-reassignment surgery. The trial court denied the petition.
However, on appeal, the court found that the privilege to freely change one’s
name is liberally granted absent a fraudulent purpose. In the absence of a
fraudulent purpose, the appellate court granted the petition.
In this case, the concern was
that “society” might believe the couple was legally married because they
shared the same surname. On appeal, the court found, in any opinion by Judge
Johnson, that these public policy concerns were wholly without merit, noting
that courts don’t have a monopoly on “wisdom.”. Finding that the denial of
a name change petition runs contrary to the common law, the court reversed and
granted the petition. A small victory that will make a big difference in the
life of one possibly gay couple. (The Superior Court never did say whether this
was a same-sex couple, although the Judge Kennedy’s comments suggest that it
was.) _Todd V. Lamb_
N.Y. Appellate Division Finds
Yankees Management Not Responsible for Alleged Homophobic Harassment by
Ballplayers
A unanimous five-judge panel of
the New York Appellate Division, First Department, ruled May 29 in _Priore v.
New York Yankees_, 2003 WL 21236827, 2003 N.Y. Slip Op. 14582, that Bronx County
Supreme Court Justice Anne Targum should have granted the defendants’ motion
for summary judgment on all claims by Paul Priore, a former Yankees employee,
including claims of sexual orientation and HIV-related discrimination.
The panel found that Yankees management officials who made a decision to
discharge Priore were unaware of his HIV-status, and that Priore had failed to
make an specific factual allegations that the officials who decided to discharge
him were aware of allegations that he was being subjected to a hostile
environment by some of the team’s players.
Priore’s father was clubhouse
manager of the Yankees for many years, and as a teenager Priore would help out
his father in the clubhouse.  At the
start of the 1996 baseball season, after many years of asking unsuccessfully to
be put on the Yankees payroll, Priore was appointed assistant equipment manager,
a per diem job, but he was discharged in August 1997, after Yankees management
decided he had been stealing uniforms and equipment.
Priore denied the theft charges, providing various explanations
unsatisfactory to management.  In his lawsuit, he claimed that he was discharged for an
ulterior motive, because he is a gay man who is HIV+.
Priore was diagnosed HIV+ in 1995.  Priore
alleged that several of the ballplayers subjected him to harassment because of
his sexual orientation.  In his
deposition before trial, he alleged that he had complained to team management
about such harassment a dozen times without satisfaction.
Priore asserted claims of
discrimination under the state and city human rights laws, as well as alleging
defamation and infliction of emotional distress.   The Yankees’ motion to dismiss the action, based
solely on Priore’s affidavit, was denied by the trial judge.
Writing for the Appellate
Division, Justice Richard Wallach found that all Priore’s claims were
deficient on their face or that he had failed to make sufficiently specific
allegations in his complaint or pretrial deposition to support them.
A major consideration for Wallach was that Priore, an at-will per diem
employee, had admitted conduct that amounted at least to petty theft, and thus
that the Yankees had grounds to terminate him.
As such, his defamation claim was without merit, and his claim for
emotional distress, to the extent it stemmed from his being interrogated about
the theft charges, was also found lacking, since an employer has a right to
investigate suspicions of employee theft.
At the time of Priore’s
discharge in 1997, the state human rights law did not address the issue of
sexual orientation discrimination, but a New York City ordinance prohibited such
discrimination and provided a right for individuals to sue their employers in
New York City.  The Yankees argued
that Priore’s sexual orientation discrimination claim must be dismissed, in
the first instance, because the City Council did not have authority to ban forms
of discrimination that did not violate state law.
Justice Wallach quickly disposed of this preemption argument, finding
that there was sufficient authority in state law to support the City Council’s
ability to enact more expansive civil rights protections than are contained in
the state human rights law.
Turning first to the HIV
discrimination claim, arising under state law, Justice Wallach found that there
was no evidence that the team medical staff or the management officials who
decided to discharge Priore knew anything about his HIV status.
The team’s orthopedic surgeon, who had been consulted by Priore, and
the team’s dentist, who had treated Priore as recently as September 1995, both
submitted affidavits in support of the Yankees’ motion stating that they were
completely unaware of Priore’s HIV infection.
Priore stated in his deposition that the medical staff must have found
out about his diagnosis because “doctors do confer with each other,” but
offered no more specific evidence. “This cause of action should have been
summarily dismissed,” wrote Wallach.
As to the allegation of a
hostile work environment, Wallach rejected Priore’s contention that because
the city human rights ordinance extends liability to “an employer or an
employee or agent thereof,” the Yankees should be held responsible for
anti-gay behavior by individual ballplayers.
Wallach commented that the human rights laws “are addressed to
unlawfully discriminatory practices in the hiring, retention or firing of
employees, and were not intended to target fellow employees acting without the
knowledge or consent of the employer.” In order to come within the scope of
liability of the ordinance, Priore would have to show that management knew about
the alleged harassing conduct and refused to address it.
Although Priore stated in his deposition that he had made a dozen
complaints, Wallach found that he could “point to no specific evidence that
those defendants [the named management defendants] were ever formally notified
of such complaints. . .  Accordingly,
the management defendants cannot be held vicariously liable for condoning a
situation implicating non-management employees, about which they were not only
unaware, but had no reason to suspect.” A.S.L.
Civil Litigation Notes
_Federal - Louisiana_ – U.S.
District Judge Berrigan, reacting to a possible attempt by a hotel-operator
defendant to disparage a plaintiff by virtue of his sexual orientation, stated
in _Jones v. Sheraton Operating Corp._, 2003 WL 21146779 (E.D. La., May 15,
2003), that the defendant’s reference to “x-rated homosexual pornographic
videotapes” found in the plaintiff’s room to be “uninformative in
assessing whether Plaintiff’s injuries exceeded $75,000,” a point in
contention in this diversity case. “Even if Plaintiff were homosexual as
Defendants appear to suggest,” wrote Berrigan, “he is no less deserving than
any other party before this Court of our unbiased professional and Ethical
administration of the law.” Plaintiff Elijah Jones brought suit against the
hotel in state court seeking damages for extensive injuries he claims to have
suffered as a result of an attack in his hotel room.
The hotel removed the matter to federal court on diversity grounds,
claiming that Jones had fraudulently joined as defendants several local business
in order to prevent removal.  Jones
filed a motion to remand to state court, but Judge Berrigan agreed with Sheraton
that the local co-defendants were not necessary parties to the suit, as under
Louisiana law they would have no potential liability to Jones since they had no
operational responsibility for the Sheraton on Canal Street in New Orleans where
he was staying when attacked.   A.S.L.
_Federal - Pennsylvania_ –
U.S. District Judge Munley ruled in _Collins v. TRL, Inc._, 2003 WL 21212818 (M.D.Pa.,
March 19, 2003), that the defendant employer was entitled to summary judgment on
a male employee’s Title VII claims of same-sex harassment and hostile
environment sex discrimination, finding inadequate allegations that the
plaintiff had been singled out for harassment because of his sex.
The employee in question was perturbed by a supervisor, who frequently
clutched the employee’s crotch in a jesting and somewhat sexually provocative
manner.  Among other things, Judge
Munley found no allegation in the record that the supervisor was gay or was
motivated by actual sexual interest in the plaintiff.
The employee frequently complained to management, which tended to shrug
it off, although at some point the supervisor was admonished and stopped doing
it.  However, after his repeated complaining (and a warning from a
management official that he could lose his job if he continued making these
complaints), the plaintiff was transferred against his will to a different
shift, at which time he could not work due to child-care responsibilities.
The company treated him as a quit when he didn’t report to work at the
new shift for three days.  While
finding that the company was entitled to dismissal of the discrimination
charges, Munley ruled that the plaintiff had stated a viable claim for unlawful
retaliation, and refused to dismiss that portion of the complaint.
Title VII specifically provides that employers may not retaliate against
employees who attempt to complain about conduct that they reasonably perceive to
be a violation of their civil rights, and Munley found the plaintiff’s
allegations sufficient for this purpose. A.S.L.
_California_ – Relying on
cases that denied lesbian co-parents standing to seek visitation with children
they had been raising with their former domestic partners, the California Court
of Appeal, First District, ruled in _Alexander v. Cortes_, 2003 WL 21153437 (May
20, 2003), that a woman who had raised her sister’s child for several years
and formed a parental-like bond with the child did not have standing to seek
visitation as a “de facto parent.” The court, in a decision by Judge Stein,
found the prior lesbian cases controlling, rejecting the appellant’s argument
that as a blood relation of the child she was not in the same position as the
lesbian co-parents in the prior case.  As
far as the court was concerned, an aunt has no greater rights than an
“unrelated” third party when it comes to seeking visitation over the
objection of a biological parent. A.S.L.
_North Carolina_ – The North
Carolina Supreme Court has ruled in _Williams v. Blue Cross Blue Shield of North
Carolina_, 579 S.E.2d 231 (May 2, 2003), that the state constitution forbids the
legislature from authorizing localities to pass civil rights ordinances that
have the effect of regulating labor.  As a consequence, Orange County’s civil rights ordinance,
invoked in this case of age discrimination, was declared invalid. Although the
Orange County ordinance did not cover sexual orientation, some other North
Carolina localities have done so in their municipal or county ordinances, so
this ruling may place those measures in danger. A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
_Mississippi_ – In _Osborne
v. State_, 843 So.2d 99 (April 15, 2003), the Mississippi Court of Appeals
affirmed a conviction for aggravated assault and sentence of twenty years
imprisonment, holding that the State’s eyewitness testimony that defendant was
gay did not warrant a mistrial. State’s eyewitness, who was also a party to
the underlying confrontation, twice made statements that defendant was gay, over
the objections of defendant’s counsel. The trial court sustained both
objections and admonished the jury to disregard them. The Court of Appeals,
while suggesting that the defendant’s sexual orientation may have been
directly related to the confrontation, nonetheless considered it a non-issue,
relying on the trial court’s broad discretion under common law to deny motions
for mistrial. The court did not see a relevant problem in the unresolved
testimonial contradictions, nor did it dwell long on the fact that the State’s
case depended on testimony from parties known to have confronted the defendant
in the past, again, it seems, over her sexual orientation. _Joseph Griffin_
_Ohio_ – The Ohio Supreme
Court has refused to review the decision in _State v. Henry_, 783 N.E.2d 609
(Ohio Ct. App., 7th Dist., 2002), in which the court of appeals
refused to reverse a criminal conviction of a man who was arrested for
masturbating in a public restroom while a hidden video surveillance camera was
running.  No warrant was issued to
authorize placement of the camera in the restroom, and the court of appeals
opined that none was needed where the police placed it there in response to
public complaints about sexual activities in the restroom.
The supreme court unanimously rejected the petition for review on April
23, according to the _Washington Blade_ , May 9. A.S.L.
_Puerto Rico_ – In _El Pueblo
de Puerto Rico v. Martinez_, 2003 WL 1861577 (April 8, 2003), the Supreme Court
of Puerto Rico ruled that Law 54, a law concerning domestic violence, was not
intended by the legislature to include same-sex couples within the term
“intimate consensual relation.” The government stated its disagreement with
the court’s ruling, and petitioned for a reconsideration, arguing that
same-sex couples should logically be included and the processes of the law
should be available in domestic violence situations involving gay couples.
But on May 23 the court refused to reconsider the matter, according to a
May 26 Associated Press report. A.S.L.
_Virginia_ – Prince William
County Circuit Judge Herman Whisenant, Jr., has sentenced Patrick F. Buckley, a
55-year-old resident of Woodbridge, Virginia, to one year in prison for engaging
in consensual oral sex with another man in a wooded area at a state park near
Manassas.  Whisenant emphasized, in
pronouncing sentence, that Whisenant had previously been convicted five times
for sexual activity in public parks over the past 17 years.
The _Washington Blade_ (May 9) reported that local attorneys were saying
this was one of the harshest public sex sentences they had seen imposed in
Virginia, which may reflect the frustration of the local judiciary with the
inability of law enforcement to stamp out public sex in the state parks. A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
_Federal_ – On May 1,
Senators Edward M. Kennedy (D.-Mass.) and Gordon Smith (R.-Ore.) introduced S.
966, the Local Law Enforcement Enhancement Act of 2003, which would authorize
the federal government to prosecute hate crimes motived by a victim’s sexual
orientation, gender and disability.  At
present, federal law only specifies race, religion and ethnicity as bases for
federal hate crimes prosecution.  The
measure has 46 co-sponsors, and Kennedy indicated that more than 60 senators
have privately indicated support.  However,
the bill has not been revised from previous versions to address concerns raised
last year by Sen. Orrin Hatch (R.-Utah), who led the opposition to the bill and
criticized it as failing to place adequate limits on federal intervention in
state criminal enforcement activity.  Thus, the measure seems unlikely to come up for a vote in the
present session of Congress unless further compromises emerge.
Transgender rights activists criticized Human Rights Campaign, the
national lobbying group, for agreeing to go forward with a bill that does not
include gender identity or expression among the basis for defining hate crimes.
_Washington Blade_ May 9.
_Federal_ – They’re back!!
Those empathetic folks in Congress who sincerely believe that the Defense
of Marriage Act is not enough have again introduced the so-called Federal
Marriage Amendment, which would forever enshrine in the Constitution a
“traditional” definition of marriage as a fundamental principle of federal
law.  The amendment was introduced
on May 21 in the House of Representatives by lead sponsors Marilyn Musgrave of
Colorado, Jo Ann Davis of Virginia, and David Vitter of Louisiana (all
Republicans) and Ralph M. Hall of Texas, Collin C. Peterson of Minnesota and
Mike McIntyre of North Carolina (all Democrats).  In addition to setting a federal definition of marriage as
being between one man and one woman, the amendment would provide that any issues
involving marital benefits may be resolved only by state legislatures, not state
courts.  This, of course, a
transparent attempt to circumvent the lawsuits pending now in Massachusetts, New
Jersey, and Indiana. _Washington Times_, May 26.
_California_ – On May 28, the
California Assembly Appropriations Committee heard testimony on A.B. 205, a
measure that would let domestic partners file joint state income tax returns,
pay and receive child support, and seek insurance coverage for each other, among
other things.  The bill is yet
another in a string of incremental measures intended by its proponents to
gradually expand the rights of domestic partners under state law until they
approach equality with married couples.  At
the hearing, the legislators heard from M.V. Lee Badgett, a University of
Massachusetts economics professor and president of the Institute for Gay and
Lesbian Strategic Studies, and R. Bradley Sears, director of the Charles R.
Williams Project on Sexual Orientation Law at UCLA Law School, about a study
they performed to consider the economic impact on California of extending more
rights to domestic partners.  They
contended that the revenue lost from allowing joint tax filings would be more
than compensated by money that state would save in a variety of programs as a
result of according formal legal recognition to domestic partnerships.
Perhaps the greatest impact would stem from being able to take a
partner’s income into account in determining eligibility for public benefits
programs that are means-tested.  Badgett
and Sears found that the state would save about $12 million a year through the
disqualification of benefits applicants whose partners’ incomes would exceed
the cut-offs for eligibility for various welfare benefits.
They also noted the jump in tourist income in Vermont after enactment of
Civil Unions there, and predicted a similar economic benefit to California.
_Oakland Tribune_, May 28.
_California – San Francisco_
– The San Francisco Police Commission approved a departmental policy on April
30 providing that police officers “may not use, to any extent or degree, race,
color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, or gender
identity in conducting stops or detentions.” The policy makes an exception for
officers who are following leads in a case, presumably where a suspect has been
identified as having a particular characteristic.  The policy responded to public accusations that the S.F.
police were engaging in racial profiling when stopping pedestrians or drivers.
_San Francisco Chronicle_, May 1.
_Connecticut – New Haven_ –
Although a majority of Aldermen who were present favored the adoption of a
domestic partnership benefits plan for city employees at a May 5 meeting, there
were two members absent and enactment required an absolute majority of 16 out of
the 30 elected Aldermen, so the measure failed. _New Haven Register_, May 6.
_Kentucky_ – Governor Paul
Patton signed an executive order on May 29 banning sexual orientation or gender
identity discrimination against state government employees or job applicants.
The order applies to all of the executive cabinet agencies of the state,
which employ a total of about 30,000 individuals.
Patton added these two categories to existing non-discrimination policies
in response to a suggestion by state Senator Ernesto Scorsone, of Lexington, who
was lead counsel in the successful court challenge to the state’s sodomy law,
_Commonwealth v. Wasson_, 842 S.W.2d 487 (Ky. 1992).  Patton’s term of office ends in December and he is not a
candidate for re-election.  A new
governor would be free to rescind the order. _Lexington Herald Leader_, May 30.
_Kentucky – Covington_ –
City Councillors unanimously approved a civil rights ordinance for the city of
Covington that includes sexual orientation.
The city, directly across the Ohio river from Cincinnati, presents a
stark contrast to its neighbor, which passed such an ordinance more than a
decade ago, only to see it repealed by an initiative that amended the Cincinnati
city charter to prevent any future civil rights law being enacted.
Gay rights advocates in Cincinnati are hoping to use the momentum from
the Covington campaign to change the status quo in their city as well.
_Lexington Herald Leader_, May 1.
_Louisiana_ – Once again, an
attempt is being made to obtain legislative repeal of the “crime against
nature” sodomy law that is used to prosecute gay people for having sex in
Louisiana.  This time, the intrepid
legislator leading the charge is Senator Lynn Dean, a Republican from Caernarvon,
who has introduced Senate Bill 992, which would create an exemption to the
sodomy law for adults who engage in consensual acts in private, regardless of
gender.  (The sodomy law currently
outlaws all anal or oral sex, regardless of the gender of participants.)
On May 27, the bill was approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee, but
its prospects were seen as uncertain in terms of eventual passage.
For several years, attempts to end criminalization of private, consensual
adult sex have been introduced in the legislature without success.
_Times-Picayune_, May 28 and 29.
_New Jersey_ – On May 22,
N.J. Assemblywoman Loretta Weinberg, a Democrat from Bergen, introduced a
proposed Family Equality Act in the state legislature that would extend to
same-sex couples a wide array of state law benefits that are at present only
available for married couples.  However,
the bill would not extend to joint ownership of real property, and there would
be no presumption of joint custody of children being raised by same-sex couples.
A registry for domestic partners would be established in the state Health
Department, and registration would entitled partners to a variety of benefits.
The proposal came as the parties were preparing for arguments on a motion
to dismiss a lawsuit recently filed by seven same-sex couples seeking marriage
licenses.  The matter is pending
before Superior Court Judge Linda Feinberg in Mercer County. _Newark
Star-Ledger_, May 23.
_Ohio_ – For the first time,
a bill to ban bias on the basis of sexual orientation in employment, public
accommodations, housing, and credit has been introduced into the Ohio state
legislature.  The lead sponsor is
Democratic state Senator Dan Brady of Cleveland.  Bill 77 was introduced on April 29. _Washington Blade_, May
23.
_Texas_ – On May 27, Governor
Rick Perry (Repub.) signed into law S.B. 7, the Texas version of the Defense of
Marriage Act, which amends the state’s Family Code to include, inter alia, the
following offensive provision: Sec. 6.204(b) - “A marriage between persons of
the same sex or a civil union is contrary to the public policy of this state and
is void in this state.”   The
measure also enacts the following prohibition, in 6.204©): “The state or an
agency or political subdivision of the state may not give effect to a (1) public
act, record, or judicial proceeding that creates, recognizes, or validates a
marriage between persons of the same sex or a civil union in this state or in
any other jurisdiction; or (2) right or claim to any legal protection, benefit,
or responsibility asserted as a result of a marriage between persons of the same
sex or a civil union in this state or any other jurisdiction.” To assuage
fears that attempts by gay couples to make legal arrangements to protect their
interests might be rendered unenforceable by these provisions, the legislature
also included the following “finding” as Section 2 of the bill: “The
legislature finds that through the designation of guardians, the appointment of
agents, and the use of private contracts persons may adequately and properly
appoint guardians and arrange rights relating to hospital visitation, property,
and the entitlement to the proceeds of life insurance policies without the
existence of any legally recognized familial relationship between the
persons.” This leaves a whole lot of stuff uncovered, of course.
The act took effect immediately upon signing. _Ft. Worth Star-Telegram_,
May 28. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
In a startling shift in
American public opinion, a recent Gallup poll shows that since 1988 the
percentage of the population that thinks gay sex between consenting adults
should be legal has gone from 35% to 60%.  Responding
to other questions, 88% believe gay people should have equal rights in terms of
job opportunities, and 54% agreed that “homosexuality” should be considered
an “acceptable alternative lifestyle.” The public was evenly split on
whether gay couples should be allowed to adopt children or to enter into civil
unions carrying many of the legal rights of marriage, but a healthy majority of
62% believe that gay couples should have the same rights as straight married
couples when it comes to health care benefits and eligibility for Social
Security survivors benefits. _American Political Network: The Hotline_, Vol. 10,
No. 9, May 15, 2003.
The Associated Press reported
on May 25 that a study commissioned by Human Rights Campaign, based on detailed
census data from fifteen states showed that same-sex couples are slightly more
educated than married couples but have about the same median wage (a
discrimination effect?).  Same-sex
couples are less likely to own their homes than married couples, but researchers
attribute that to the fact that same-sex couples are more heavily concentrated
in urban areas where home ownership is less prevalent.
Although same-sex couples and married couples both had a median annual
income of about $32,000, opposite-sex unmarried couples had a median income of
only $26,000.  The HRC study is
based on detailed census data that has been released so far from the 2000 census
for only the fifteen states studied, but those states include California, New
York and Texas, which have the highest numbers of same-sex couples.
_Presbyterian/Anglican Church_
– The national heads of the Anglican Church from 38 countries, assembled in
Gramado, Brazil, released a statement on May 27 proclaiming that the Anglican
Church cannot support ceremonies blessing same-sex relationships.
Ironically, while the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr. Rowan Williams, the
leader of the church in England, not-so-privately takes the position that the
church should bless same-sex unions, publicly he is toeing the line, taking the
position that in the absence of a “theological consensus about same-sex
unions” the church cannot bless them. _Associated Press_, May 28; _The
Independent_, May 27.  * * * The 215th
General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (USA) has elected Rev. Susan
Andrews, a support of ordination for gay clergy, to be its leader and official
spokesperson (the official title is Moderator) for the next year.  Andrews told the delegates that she would not impose her
views, which are controversial within the church, if elected to the leadership
spot. “My number one priority is to keep the church together,” she told the
_Washington Post_ in an article reported on May 29.  She stated that she thought eventually the church would alter
its position and allow openly lesbian and gay people to be ordained as
ministers. “The church has changed its mind on women and divorced clergy, and
a hundred years ago on slavery,” she said. “I believe the church will, when
the time is right, change its mind on this issue.
Interestingly, on May 27 a committee considering the ordination issue at
the convention voted 35-29, with two abstentions, to support a proposal to allow
ordination of openly gay applicants. _Denver Post_, May 28. * * * Meanwhile, in
an unprecedented move for the Anglican Church in Canada, Bishop Michael Ingham,
head of the Diocese of New Westminster, representing Anglican parishes in
Vancouver and part of British Columbia, announced that clergy under his
jurisdiction may use a special rite to bless same-sex unions in church
ceremonies.  Although some U.S.
bishops have informally allowed such ceremonies, it is believed that Ingham is
the first bishop of the church officially to authorize them, anywhere in the
world.  Responding to a letter from
six parishes that had requested permission to perform such ceremonies, Bingham
wrote: “The Church recognizes that homosexual couples face the same challenges
and share the same responsibilities as other people living out the costly
demands of love.  Our purpose is to
encourage and strengthen fidelity and mutual supportiveness in family life on
which the stability of our wider society depends.”  But Bingham cautioned that this was distinct from a marriage
ceremony, and effectuates a policy approved by the synod of the diocese last
spring. _National Post_, May 29.
_United States Presidential
Politics_ – History was made in 2000 when for the first time a national party
nominee, Dick Cheney, the Republican vice-presidential candidate, had a sort-of
openly-lesbian daughter, Mary, campaigning for her Dad.
History will be pushed a bit further in 2004 if Rep. Richard Gephardt of
Missouri wins the Democratic nomination, since actively campaigning for him will
be his very openly-lesbian daughter, Chrissy Gephardt, who is being put front
and center by the campaign in a bid for support among lesbian and gay Democrats,
who have been seen as major players in the party ever since they provided
significant financial support and volunteer muscle for the 1992 president
campaign of Bill Clinton.  Unlike
the Cheneys, who shied from speaking publicly about their daughter’s lesbian
lifestyle and partner, the Gephardt’s have “come out of the closet” in
media appearances and campaign mailings.  On
May 25, the _St Louis Post Dispatch_ ran a lengthy news story about Chrissy
Gephardt’s coming-out experience with her family.
Gephardt did not have a particularly gay-positive voting record in the
1980's, when he was making his first forays into presidential politics, but his
record has improved significantly in recent years, especially since his daughter
came out.  He is now on record as
support civil unions and hate-crimes legislation. “We’ve all moved on
this,” he said to the _Post Dispatch_. “We’re better in America about this
issue than we were ten years ago, but we’re not where we need to be.”
_Connecticut_ – The _Hartford
Courant_ reported May 21 that Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, is
designating a dormitory floor for transgendered students.
Beginning in September, transgender freshmen will have the option of
living in a ‘gender-blind’ hall, according to the news report, a floor on
which will reside students who do not wish to designate themselves with regard
to gender.  The move is being made
to accommodate the estimated dozen students at the University who identify as
transgendered.  There will be two
single rooms and five doubles on the floor and the bathrooms will all be unisex.
_Florida_ – Over Memorial Day
weekend the leading Florida daily newspapers were full of stories about the
“outing” of U.S. Rep. Mark Foley, a Republican who is a self-declared
candidate for the Senate seat now being held by Bob Graham, who is campaigning
for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Since his first election to Congress in 1994, Foley, a bachelor, has been
rumored in some circles to be gay, but he has never publicly discussed the
subject of his sexual orientation.  He
has, however, compiled a surprisingly pro-gay record for a member of the House
Republican leadership, including being a supporter of the Employment
Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) which would ban anti-gay employment
discrimination..  (Foley, a
confidant of Republican House Leader Tom DeLay, is Republican Whip.)
Foley did vote for the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996, and some gay
journalists have contended that it is appropriate to “out” closeted gay
legislators who vote against the interests of the gay community.
In this case, a community newspaper printed a column asserting that Foley
is gay, provoking a storm in the mainstream press and an unusual teleconference
between Foley and reporters from major newspapers across the state, during which
Foley neither confirmed nor denied the allegation but insisted that he had a
right to privacy concerning his personal life.
Should Foley finally decide to confirm the stories, he would be the
second openly-gay Republican member of the House, joining the lonely one-man gay
caucus now consisting of Arizona Rep. Jim Kolbe.
(Two Democrats, Barney Frank of Massachusetts and Tammy Baldwin, are
openly gay.)  To date there have
been no openly gay members of the Senate.
_Florida_ – The United Way of
Miami-Dade County announced it would no longer allocate funds to the Boy Scouts
of America because its national leadership excludes gays from membership in the
organization.  The announcement on
May 13 was accompanied by a statement from Harve Mogul, president and CEO of the
United Way chapter, stating: “We were anxious to have the Boy Scouts be
responsive to our community, which is very diverse.  The fact that they’re doing business in a diverse community
carries with it a responsibility to that diverse community.” United Way
chapters in Broward and Palm Beach Counties had cut off funds to the Scouts two
years ago, shortly after the Supreme Court’s ruling in _Boy Scouts of America
v. Dale_, 530 U.S. 640 (2000). _South Florida Sun-Sentinel_, May 14.
_Massachusetts_
– The _Boston Globe_ reported on May 29 that the four Roman Catholic
bishops in Massachusetts had joined in a call to local pastors to remind
worshiper that the church opposes same-sex marriage and to urge them to lobby
their state legislators in favor of a proposed state constitutional amendment to
ban same-sex marriages.  The bishops said that their statement was motivated by the
possibility that the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court will rule shortly that
the state constitution requires opening up the right to marry to same-sex
couples.
_New York_ – The New York
State Bar Association has formed a Special Committee on Legal Issues Affecting
Same Sex Couples, chaired by Michael Whiteman of the firm of Whiteman Osterman
& Hanna.  The committee was
formed as a follow-up to a decision by the State Bar’s House of Delegates in
January to table a proposal to support same-sex marriage in New York.
The committee is charged with studying issues such as civil unions,
domestic partnership, survivor benefits, and child custody, and making policy
recommendations to the House of Delegates.
Presumably the committee could also take up the issue of same-sex
marriage and make a recommendation. _New York Law Journal_, May 27.
_Oregon_ – The student senate
at Southern Oregon University in Ashland may cancel their annual blood drive
because the rules governing blood donation discriminate against gay men,
according to a May 19 report in the _Seattle Times_.
Under current federal guidelines, any male who has had sex with another
male at any time since 1977 is ineligible to donate blood, regardless when their
last sexual contact took place or whether they have tested negative for HIV or
other blood-born infectious agents.  The
advisory board to the Food & Drug Administration that has been considering
changing to a more narrowly-tailored rule continues to balk at any change.
The chief medical officer of the Portland-based Pacific Northwest Region
of the Red Cross told the _Times_ that men who have sex with men remain the
largest single epidemiological category of new HIV infections – in recent
statistics, about 42 percent of reported new infections.
(These figures are not far different from those recently reported by New
York City’s Health Department in its first distribution of data since New York
State law has mandated the reporting of HIV infections to the health
authorities.)
_Pennsylvania_ – The Cradle
of Liberty Council of the Boy Scouts of America has voted to defy the national
organization and adopt an official policy banning discrimination against gay
people.  The Council, the nation’s
third largest, serves 87,000 youths in the Philadelphia metropolitan area.
The Council’s board chair, David H. Lipson, Jr., told the _Philadelphia
Inquirer_ in a statement published on May 29, “We disagree with the national
stance, and we’re not comfortable with the stated national policy.
That’s why we’re working on a solution that works for everyone.”
Pressure from the United Way worked as a “catalyst” for the change,
according to the newspaper report. “We’d like to move the discussion to
standards for sexual conduct rather than sexual orientation,” said Lipson. The
action came as Scouting officials from around the country were gathering in
Philadelphia for a national convention.  On
May 29, Lipson and other local officials met with national representatives of
the BSA in an attempt to work out some accommodation between the local
Council’s desire to eschew the national policy and the national
organization’s continued insistence that the policy is required by the
official tenets of Scouting, including the Scout Oath requirement that those
associated with Scouting be “morally straight.” _Philadelphia Inquirer_, May
30.
_Texas_ – Meeting in Dallas,
Exxon Mobil Corp. shareholders defeated a shareholder-initiated proposal to
amend the company’s civil rights policies to prohibit discrimination based on
sexual orientation.  This has been
an ongoing issue since Exxon merged with Mobil and rescinded Mobil’s
gay-friendly employment policies.  Exxon
has taken the position that it does not discriminate and therefor need not adopt
an explicit policy, but it clearly does discriminate, since it rescinded as well
Mobil’s domestic partnership benefits package.
There was an increase in shareholder support for the proposal this year
over last, with 27.1% voting in favor this year, up from 23.9% last year,
according to a May 29 report in the _Wall Street Journal_.
_Virginia_ – By winning an
election on May 6 to sit on the Alexandria, Virginia, City Council, Paul
Smedberg has become the second openly-gay person to be elected to public office
in that state.  The other is Jay
Fisette, who is a member of the Arlington County Board. _Washington Blade_, May
9.  A.S.L.
International Notes
_Argentina_ – The city state
of Buenos Aires and the state of Rio Negro enacted legislation earlier this year
establishing domestic partnership recognition for same-sex partners.
Partners who have lived together for at least two years may share labor
and social security benefits, will be able to claim leave when a partner is
sick, and will be able to conduct real property transactions on the same basis
as married couples, according to a May 21 report circulated on-line by
265Gay.com.  A.S.L.
_Austria_ – Responding to
European Community concerns, Austria purportedly reformed its sex crimes laws
last year to decriminalize consensual adult homosexual conduct by replacing Art.
209 of the Criminal Code with a new Art. 207, which creates three offenses:
forbidding sexual contact with persons under age 16 who are not mature enough to
understand or act in their own interests, using any form of constraint to impose
sexual activity on a person under age 16, and inducing a person under age 18 to
engage in sexual activity for remuneration.
In a press release circulated on May 29, Platform Against Art. 209, an
Austrian gay rights group, charged that the new law, although gender-neutral,
was being discriminatorily enforced only against gay men who were found to have
had sex with teenagers. Furthermore, PAA209 charged, courts were imposing
sentences that exceed the statutory maximum and were finding violations even
where the person allegedly induced by remuneration was over 18.
Dr. Helmut Graupner, spokesperson for PAA209, stated: “This new law
turned out as exactly what was intended from the beginning: as a substitute for
the anti-homosexual offence Art. 209.  No
one needed and no one does need this substitute law, save the ones who still
want to persecute gay men; it has to be repealed immediately.” But there were
no signs of receptivity for such reform from the Austrian parliament. * * * In
light of its legislative “reform” of last year, the government decided not
to challenge the initial judgment of the European Court of Human Rights, which
had found fault with its enforcement of Art. 209, and will pay monetary damages
to several individuals who claimed that their prosecutions violated European
Human Rights guarantees to which Austria is obligated by treaty. _Austria
Today_, May 26. A.S.L.
_Australia_ – On May 28, the
Parliament of the Australian State of New South Wales (capital: Sydney) passed
legislation to lower the age of consent for homosexual men from 18 to 16, the
same as for heterosexuals and lesbians.
A number of provisions of the criminal law which discriminated against
gay men were also repealed.   This
caps a reform campaign which has been running in that State since 1984 when
homosexual acts were first decriminalised.
Previous attempts at reform were defeated.   Ironically, given its status as having Australia's 'gay
capital', NSW had been the only Australian state left to have an unequal age of
consent. _David Buchanan SC_
_United Kingdom_ – The City
of Birmingham is establishing a civil register system to record same-sex
partnerships, but it will be purely symbolic, since the city does not have
legislative authority to confer any rights or benefits on such couples. _BBC
News_, May 25. A.S.L.
Professional Notes
_First Transgender Law Center_
– The _Recorder_, a legal newspaper in the San Francisco Bar Area, reported on
May 19 about the recent opening of the Transgender Law Center, a non-profit
organization intended to provide legal counseling and assistance to
transgendered persons.  Originally
run as a project of the National Center for Lesbian Rights, the TLC marked its
official opening on May 14, and continues to operate under the non-profit tax
status of NCLR.  There are two
full-time legal staff members: Christopher Daley, a 2001 Boalt Hall Law School
(Berkeley) graduate, and Dylan Vade, a 2002 Stanford Law graduate.
The Center also coordinates the work of 15 part-time volunteers.
The TLC describes itself as the first state-wide organization of its type
and hopes to set up offices throughout California and to encourage others around
the country to start similar organizations.
A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
Deportation of HIV+ Dominican
Held Not to Violate Convention Against Torture
A citizen of the Dominican Republic who has AIDS was deported from the United
States based on his conviction for the attempted sale of cocaine. Under
regulations of the Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (BICE)
(successor agency with enforcement responsibilities formerly handled by the
Immigration and Naturalization Service), such conviction is, by definition, a
“particularly serious crime” that bars “withholding of removal” (i.e.,
allowing one to stay in the U.S.) under the Immigration and Nationality Act
(INA). BICE requires that a person convicted of such an offense must prove that
it is “more likely than not” that he or she would be tortured if deported to
his or her country of origin. The petitioner claimed that this standard violates
the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment
or Punishment (CAT), which the U.S. has ratified, and in any case that he had
proven that he was “more likely than not” to be tortured if returned to the
Dominican Republic. _Reyes-Sanchez v. Ashcroft_, 2003 WL 2006615 (S.D.N.Y.,
April 30, 2003).
Reyes-Sanchez initially filed his petition as an appeal to the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 2nd Circuit from a decision by the Bureau of
Immigration Appeals (BIA).  The
circuit court determined that it lacked jurisdiction.
It transferred the case to Judge Sidney H. Stein of the U.S.
District Court for the Southern District of New York, who treated the
petition as one for habeas corpus.
Reyes-Sanchez was in U.S.
custody at the time of filing the petition, so the court found that it had
jurisdiction for habeas purposes, and that the case was not made moot by the
fact that the petitioner had already been deported when the court heard
arguments. The BIA and Southern District upheld the characterization of
Reyes-Sanchez’s crime as “particularly serious,” even though the INA
defines a “particularly serious crime” as “an aggravated felony for which
the alien has been sentenced to an aggregate term of imprisonment of at least
five years.” 8 U.S.C. § 1231(b)(3)(B). (Reyes-Sanchez had been sentenced to
five years’ probation, the terms of which he violated.) The INA also gives the
Attorney General discretionary authority to find other crimes “particularly
serious,” and he has done so in the case of drug-trafficking felonies.
Judge Stein held that the Attorney General’s regulation created a
rebuttable presumption that drug-trafficking felonies constitute “particularly
serious crimes” that bar eligibility for withholding of removal. The
regulation is lawful under the CAT, as long as there is room for some
individualized analysis of a given alien’s conviction.
The petitioner would need to
demonstrate, in order to avoid deportation, that his circumstances were
“extraordinary and compelling.” _In re Y.L._, 23 I. & N. Dec. 270, 2002
WL 358818 (B.I.A. 2002). The fact that he had fathered an American-citizen child
and that he exhibited good behavior in jail were not found to be such
circumstances.  His primary argument
was that the Dominican Republic would deny him, as an AIDS patient,
life-sustaining HIV medication, and that the Dominican government presumes any
man with AIDS to be homosexual, with some doctors refusing to give homosexuals
the same level of medical treatment given to heterosexuals.
The BIA held that the refusal
by some doctors in the Dominican Republic to provide some types of medical
treatment to HIV patients did not constitute an intentional infliction of
physical and mental torture within the meaning of the implementing regulations
of the CAT. The appeals board also found no evidence that public officials in
the Dominican Republic intentionally maintained substandard medical conditions
for persons with HIV or AIDS. In fact, that country had made “a significant
effort to provide competent medical care for these patients despite its
inability to cover the necessary costs.”
The language of the CAT states that no government may deport “a person to
another State where there are substantial grounds for believing that he would be
in danger of being subjected to torture.” Convention Against Torture, etc.,
Article 3(1).  However, the
regulations
implementing the CAT in the U.S. state that it must be “more likely than
not” that the petitioner will be tortured. 8 C.F.R. § 208.16(b)(2).
Reyes-Sanchez contended that the U.S. could not stray from the terms of the
treaty (“substantial grounds” vs. “more likely than not”) in
implementing it.  However, the
district court disagreed, stating that the treaty is not self-executing, and
needs legislation in each country to put it into effect; thus, a court may not
enforce anything other than adherence to the implementing legislation and the
regulations promulgated under that legislation. Consequently, the immigration
agency acted within its statutory mandate, and the standard promulgated (“more
likely than not”) is not subject to judicial review. The BIA’s factual
determination that Reyes-Sanchez failed to demonstrate that it is more likely
than not that he will be tortured if returned to the Dominican Republic is a
discretionary decision for the immigration department, and is therefore not
reviewable by a federal court.
Reyes-Sanchez also contended that the interpretation of “torture” advanced
by the immigration bureau is more limited than that included in the CAT. For
example, although the CAT specifies that the torture must be intentional, the
U.S. regulations go further, stating that “an act must be specifically
intended to inflict severe physical or mental pain or suffering. An act that
results in unanticipated or unintended severity of pain and suffering is not
torture.” 8 C.F.R. § 208.18(a)(5). Torture “does not include lesser forms
of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment that do not amount to
torture.” 8 C.F.R. § 208.18(a)(2). The U.S. regulations do accord with the
CAT's basic definition of torture, which is “any act by which severe pain or
suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person
for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a
confession, punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is
suspected of having committed, or intimidating or coercing him or a third
person, or for any reason based on discrimination of any kind, when such pain or
suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or
acquiescence of a public official or other person acting in an official
capacity.” Convention Against Torture, etc., Article 1(1).
Unless a treaty is self-executing, it does not create individual rights that can
give rise to habeas relief; rights only arise under the statute and regulations
implementing the treaty, stated the district court. Other countries’
interpretations of the treaty may differ from those of the U.S., but do not
render the U.S's interpretation invalid. In addition, considerable deference
must be given to the meaning attributed to treaty provisions by the executive
branch of government, and this interpretation
was upheld.
Therefore, Reyes-Sanchez’s challenges to the regulations implementing the CAT
were found to be meritless, and the BIA did not err in its interpretation of
those regulations as applied to Reyes-Sanchez's claims. _Alan J. Jacobs_
Ohio Appeals Court Finds ADA
Inapplicable to Medical Licensing Decisions
In _Hosseinipour v. State
Medical Board of Ohio_, 2003 WL 21061314 (May 5), the Ohio Court of Claims
rejected an HIV+ doctor’s claim that the state medical board violated his
rights under the federal Americans with Disabilities Act and the analogous state
statute when the appeal of the termination of his medical license was denied in
1998 and when the Board refused to consider reinstating his license thereafter
in 2000.  While the court’s
decision was based on lack of jurisdiction to review the medical board’s
license revocation determinations, the court also ruled that the ADA did not
cover license revocations, and that the doctor did not substantiate a claim of
AIDS-related dementia at the time of the initial revocation hearing in 1998
which was sufficient to toll the statute of limitations.
Hosseinipour was diagnosed with HIV in 1992, after a work-related needlestick
injury. His license was revoked in February 1998. During the instant proceeding,
he maintained that he could not offer an effective defense in his revocation
hearing because he suffered from an HIV-related dementia which was not diagnosed
until 1999.
The Court of Claims first ruled that Ohio Revised Code Secs. 4112 et seq., the
state equivalent of the ADA, dealt with employment, tenancy, or lending
relationships only, and not with licensing. Based upon the meager offerings
provided to the Court of Claims (an affidavit from his doctor, and an article
describing his medical condition), together with a review of the record at the
revocation proceeding, Hosseinipour was found not to have established a lack of
competence at the time of the revocation hearing sufficient to warrant tolling
the statute of limitations due to incompetence.  During this two-day hearing, he testified, subpoenaed
witnesses, and offered exhibits. The Court of Claims clearly found his
performance at that hearing sufficient to show he understood what was going on,
even if he did not win. In a small leap of logic, however, the Court of Claims
did find that the Medical Board could not have discriminated against him on
account of his medical condition because he had not advised them of the
condition, as he was too embarrassed about it at the time to tell them.
In light of these conclusions, the Court of Claims ruled Hosseinipour’s relief
should have been sought from the appropriate Ohio trial court right after his
appeal was denied by the Medical Board in 1998, and not in seeking the relief
requested of the Court of Claims in this proceeding. _Steven Kolodny_
AIDS Litigation Notes
_U.S. Supreme Court_ – On May
27, the Supreme Court announced that employees seeking disability benefits under
employment-based disability plans subject to ERISA will not enjoy special
deference for the views of their treating physicians as to whether they are
disabled from working. _Black & Decker Disability Plan_, 2003 WL 21210418.
The ruling, reversing a decision by the 9th Circuit and
resolving a serious split among the federal circuits, found that there is no
basis in ERISA for giving special weight to the views of an employee’s
treating physician, contrary to the approach embodied in the Social Security
disability statute and regs.  The
decision is a potential set-back for people with HIV/AIDS, who have frequently
benefitted from the willingness of their treating physicians to certify
disability over the objection of employers in order to qualify for benefits.
The question whether a person with HIV/AIDS is disabled, especially due
to side-effects of HIV medications, can be a hotly-contested one. A.S.L.
_Federal – Illinois_ –
Lambda Legal Defense announced the successful settlement of an HIV-related
discrimination suit, _Roe v. Village of Westmont_, brought in U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois on behalf of an HIV+ applicant for a
police department job in the village, which is located west of Chicago.
“Roe,” an experienced police officer, appeared to be a successful applicant
to fill a vacancy in the village’s small police force, but when a medical exam
showed he was HIV+ he was denied the job, even though a doctor chosen by the
department to do the pre-hiring medical screening opined that he was fully able
to work and did not pose a threat to others.
Under terms of the settlement, Roe will receive $125,000 in damages and
the department will adopt new policies consistent with its obligation not to
discrimination based on HIV status, including internal department training and
abandonment of discriminatory pre-employment HIV screening.
Heather Sawyer of Lambda’s Midwest Regional Office in Chicago was lead
attorney on the case; also participating were Lambda Chicago board member Cindy
Hyndman, staff attorney Camilla Taylor, and Luis Vera of the AIDS Legal Council
of Chicago. _Lambda Press Release_, May 29.
A.S.L.
_California_ – In _People v.
Victor V._, 2003 WL 1992493 (April 30) (not officially published), the
California Court of Appeal, Fifth District, found that it was appropriate for
the trial court to have ordered an HIV test for defendant Victor V., a minor,
after the court had sustained allegations that he had engaged in sexual
intercourse with a ten-year old girl.  Victor
had not objected to the AIDS testing at the sentencing hearing, but raised the
issue on appeal, contending that the trial court had not specifically found, as
required by a state statute, that “there is probable cause to believe that
blood, semen, or any other bodily fluid capable of transmitting HIV has been
transferred from the defendant to the victim.” Noted the court of appeal, per
curiam, “Here, Victor actually penetrated the victim when he had intercourse
with her on at least four occasions.  In
these circumstances, not only was there probable cause to believe an exchange of
bodily fluids occurred, it was a virtual certainty that it happened.” Thus,
the court found that even though the trial court did not make such a finding on
the record, the mandatory testing statute would apply to these circumstances,
and there was no need for a remand to correct the trial record. * * * In an
opinion issued two weeks later, on May 14, the California Court of Appeal, Third
District, ruled that a defendant’s failure to object to AIDS testing as part
of the sentence when he agreed to a plea bargain on two counts of continual
sexual abuse of a child had effectively waived his right to appeal on the AIDS
test on grounds that the trial judge neglected to make the requisite finding
required by the testing statute on the record. _People v. Ritchie_, 2003 WL
21085344 (not officially published).  A.S.L.
_New Jersey_ – On May 13,
Lambda Legal Defense announced a settlement of a lawsuit accusing a New Jersey
dentist of refusing to treat an HIV+ man in violation of the state’s
disability discrimination law.  The
dentist claimed that he had offered treatment.
Under the terms of the settlement, the dentist, Dr. Gary R. Dornfeld, who
did not concede liability, agreed to send letters to dental schools and
associations across the country urging them to devote resources to HIV education
to eliminate discrimination against persons with HIV in dental care.
The plaintiff in the case, Richard Doust, maintained that the dentist had
refused to provide emergency care as soon as he learned that Doust was HIV+,
claiming that his staff was uncomfortable with the situation.
Doust said he would make a donation to Lambda in appreciation of its work
on the case.  Lambda Staff attorney
Jonathan Givner and local counsel Kathleen Dunnigan of Dwyer & Dunnigan in
Newark collaborated in represented Doust.  _Lambda
Press Release_, May 14.  A.S.L.
_New York_ – In a cryptic
opinion issued on May 27, the New York Appellate Division, Second Department,
reversed an order by Westchester County Supreme Court Justice Louis Barone that
the Jane Doe appellant’s HIV and hepatitis test results be released to the
respondent, one Helen M. Garinger. _Matter of Helen M. Garinger_, 2003 WL
21223845, 2003 N.Y. Slip Op. 14474.  The
brief memorandum opinion does not specify the grounds upon which Ms. Garinger
sought this information, merely that she had requested it.
Jane Doe is represented by the Mental Hygiene Legal Service in appealing
the order, which suggests that there are issues about her mental competence.
In any event, noting that there was no indication anywhere in the record
that Jane Doe was suspected of being HIV+ or infected with hepatitis, and that
“the petition fails to allege any material facts to demonstrate that the
disclosure of Jane Doe’s confidential HIV information is warranted by a clear
and imminent danger to the petitioner,” or that there was any basis for
concluding that the interests of justice outweighed her confidentiality
interests, the court found that there was no specific statutory authority for
the trial judge’s order, either with respect to HIV (as to which there is a
specific state confidentiality protection law) or to hepatitis.  A.S.L.
_Washington_
– In _State v. Nease_, 2003 WL 21154175 (May 20, 2003), the
Washington Court of Appeals
remanded to the trial court for re-sentencing in light of the trial court’s
order that defendant undergo HIV testing. The court of appeals observed that the
order to undergo HIV testing was improper without a finding that the related
drug conviction was associated with the use of hypodermic needles. The appellate
court also found that the trial court erred in shifting the burden of allocution
to the defendant.  The Washington
appellate stated that a defendant’s right to allocution, allowing a defendant
to address the court and argue as to why sentence should be mitigated, or not
imposed, creates an affirmative duty on the part of the court that must be
scrupulously followed.  The court
observed that in some cases, the trial court’s failure in this regard has been
deemed a harmless error, but held that such an analysis would be
inappropriate where, as here,
the court’s sentence exceeded the State’s recommendation by imposing ten
days in jail. The court also suggests, without much fanfare, that the order to
undergo HIV testing was in and of itself sufficient to render the “harmless
error analysis” inappropriate. _Joseph Griffin_
AIDS Law & Society Notes
During May there were
discouraging articles from several sources, ranging from the _New York Times_ to
the _South Florida Sun-Sentinel_, pointing out how the social conservatives in
the Bush Administration have altered the federal government’s approach to the
domestic AIDS crisis in ways that may seriously undermine efforts to contain and
manage the epidemic.   The
_Sun-Sentinel_ reported on May 25 that the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention has decided to shift its priorities away from community outreach
programs and towards more testing and contact tracing, an approach that has
never proven particularly productive in the context of the U.S. epidemic.
Furthermore, as a _New York Times_ op-ed piece by Nicholas Kristoff
pointed out on May 10, those submitting grant proposals for HIV prevention work
have been advised never to mention gay men or homosexuality in any proposal
submitted for federal financing, since the unspoken but semi-official public
health policy of the Bush Administration seems to be that federal money is not
be spent in any way that could be perceived as useful or helpful to the gay
community.   President Bush signed into law a new measure he had
requested for authorization to spend $15 billion on AIDS prevention efforts
overseas, but the measure was shackled by social conservatives in Congress with
requirements that significant portions of the funds be directed to abstinence
education, and further appropriations measures will be required before any money
becomes available.
In England, _The Guardian_
reported on May 22 about a new U.S. Centers for Disease Control study
documenting that HIV arrived in the U.S. in about 1968, long before the first
cases later identified as AIDS manifested themselves.  Contrary to the Patient Zero theory propounded in Randy
Shilt’s early history of the epidemic, _And the Band Played On_, the new study
appears to refute the idea that HIV was brought to and spread around the U.S.
initially by a hyper-sexually active Canadian airline attendant, and instead
suggests that the virus entered many different times independently, and that
from an early point in the epidemic, distinctly different strains of the virus
were flourishing in different cities.  A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED &
ANNOUNCEMENTS
MOVEMENT JOB ANNOUNCEMENTS
_LAMBDA LEGAL – LEGAL
DIRECTOR_. Lambda Legal, a national non-profit LGBT and HIV/AIDS civil rights
organization, seeks a Legal Director to be based in its New York City
Headquarters.  The Legal Director is a member of the senior management team
and will provide leadership and coordination in the planning and vision for the
department and organization. Responsibilities include supervising senior
attorneys, coordinating joint program planning and work with the Education and
Public Affairs Department, budgeting, and working with other legal LGBT
organizations. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of
7-10 years civil rights litigation experience and excellent
management and organizational skills. (See “Jobs” at www.lambdalegal.org for
details). Salary: DOE, plus excellent benefits package. Cover letter and resume
by June 30, 2003 to Mr. Kevin Cathcart, Executive Director, Lambda Legal, 120
Wall St., Suite 1500, NY, NY 10005. Fax: 212/809-0055.
_GAY & LESBIAN ADVOCATES
& DEFENDERS – STAFF ATTORNEY_. Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders
(GLAD), New England’s public interest legal organization, seeks a full-time
Staff Attorney to litigate lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and HIV-related
civil rights and discrimination cases throughout New England.
Position to commence August 1, 2003.
Qualified candidates have 5-10 years of litigation and/or appellate
experience and a commitment to and familiarity with legal issues relating to the
lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender communities and relating to HIV and AIDS.
New England bar admission preferred.
Salary depends on experience; excellent benefits. Send confidential
resume, cover letter and writing sample to Gary D. Buseck, Esq., GLAD, 294
Washington Street, Suite 301, Boston, MA  02108-4608
or by email to gbuseck@glad.org.  Applications
will be considered on a rolling basis until June 30 or until the position is
filled.
_LESBIAN & GAY IMMIGRATION
RIGHTS TASK FORCE_.  The Lesbian and
Gay Immigration Rights Task Force (LGIRTF), a national not-for-profit
organization that addresses the widespread impact of discriminatory U.S.
immigration laws on the lives of lesbian, gay,
bisexual, transgender (LGBT) and HIV+ persons seeks a self-starter and
self-motivated staff attorney to direct and manage LGIRTF legal programs and
services.  Primary responsibilities
include meeting the legal needs of LGBT and HIV+ immigrants through
consultations, referrals, presentations, training sessions for advocates and
attorneys, and publication of resource guides. Candidates must be attorneys
admitted to practice law in at least one state in the United States.
Availability to work in the evening and on occasional weekends is essential
because the Legal Director participates in trainings, conferences, and community
meetings in New York and, occasionally, throughout the United States.
Submit application by email by June 9, 2003 (interviews will take place
on a rolling basis, so applicants are strongly urged to apply promptly). SALARY:
40's (with possible adjustment based on experience and skills). Please send the
following: Resume, cover letter, writing sample (no more than 5 pages), and a
list with contact information for three references (explaining how they know
you) via e-mail to: johnnechman@yahoo.com _AND_ pamelashifman@hotmail.com.
Immigrants, people of color, women, and GLBT individuals are strongly
encouraged to apply.
EVENT ANNOUNCEMENTS
A joint gay pride commemoration
sponsored by the Anti-Bias Committee of the N.Y. County Supreme Court, the
Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York, the Center Mediation
Services of the LGBT Community Services Center (NYC), the New York County
Lawyers Association LGBT Issues Committee, and New York County Clerk’s Office,
the LGBT Rights Committee of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York,
and the firm of Weiss Buell & Bell, will be held on Wednesday, June 11, from
6-8 pm in the magnificent rotunda of the New York County Supreme Court building
at 60 Centre Street in Manhattan.  Speakers
will be Lorraine Power Tharp, Esq., President of the New York State Bar
Association, and your _Law Notes_ editor, Prof. Arthur Leonard of New York Law
School.
The Annual LGBT Pride Party
sponsored by the LGBY Rights Committee of the Association of the Bar of the City
of New York, the Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York, and the
Committee on LGBT Issues of the New York County Lawyers Association, will be
held on Wednesday, June 25, at the Association of the Bar, 42 West 44th
Street in Manhattan, at 6-8 pm.
A program titled “Suffer the
Children: Are We Failing Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Youth in the
Family and Criminal Courts?” will be presented at the House of the Association
of the Bar of the City of New York on June 12 at 6:30 pm.
New York City Family Court Judge Paula J. Hepner is the moderator.
Co-sponsors of the program are the Committees on Lesbian Gay Bisexual and
Transgender Rights and Sex and Law of the City Bar Association, and the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
The program is free and open to the public.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED
LEGAL ISSUES:
Cain, Patricia A., _The Right
to Privacy Under the Montana Constitution: Sex and Intimacy_, 64 Montana L. Rev.
99 (Winter 2003).
Chen, Roderick T., and
Alexandra K. Glazier, _Can Same-Sex Partners Consent to Organ Donation?_, 29 Am.
J. L. & Medicine 31 (2003).
Doran, John Alan, and
Christopher Michael Mason, _Disproportionate Incongruity: State Sovereign
Immunity and the Future of Federal Employment Discrimination Law_, 2003 L. Rev.
of Mich. State. U. Detroit Coll. of L. 1 (Spring 2003).
Gordon, Sarah Barringer Gordon,
_The Mormon Question: Polygamy and Constitutional Conflict in Nineteenth-Century
America_, 28 J. Supreme Ct. History No. 1, 14 (2003).
King, Marjorie, _Queering the
Schools_, 13 City Journal No. 2, 14 (Spring 2003) (Despite the promising title,
this is a “sounding the alarm” article about how gay activist groups and
teachers unions are “importing a disturbing agenda into the nation’s public
schools.” The “disturbing agenda” is, of course, to teach students that
gay people are perfectly normal folks who should have a right to marry, raise
their kids, and be free of invidious discrimination.)
Kirkland, Anna, _Victorious
Transsexuals in the Courtroom: A Challenge for Feminist Legal Theory_, 28 L.
& Social Inquiry 1 (Winter 2003).
MacNamara, Brian S., _New
York’s Hate Crimes Act of 2000: Problematic and Redundant Legislation Aimed at
Subjective Motivation_, 66 Albany L. Rev. 519 (2003).
Meyer, Carlin, _Who Cares?:
Reflections on Law, Loss and Family Values in the Wake of 9/11_, 46 N.Y.L.S. L.
Rev. 653 (2002-2003).
Noah, Lars, _Assisted
Reproductive Technologies and the Pitfalls of Unregulated Biomedical
Innovation_, 55 Fla. L. Rev. 603 (April 2003).
Ordover, Nancy, _American
Eugenics: Race, Queer Anatomy & the Science of Nationalism_ (University of
Minnesota Press, 2003).
Preves, Sharon, _Intersex and
Identity: The Contested Self_ (Rutgers University Press, 2003).
(Preves is an assistant professor of sociology at Hamline University, St.
Paul, Minnesota.)
Robson, Ruthann, _Assimilation,
Marriage, and Lesbian Liberation_, 75 Temple L. Rev. 709 (Winter 2002) (raises
questions about whether the institution of marriage is desirable for liberated
same-sex lesbian partners).
Rose, Katrina C., _Three Names
in Ohio:_ In re Bicknell, In re Maloney_ and Hope for Recognition that the
Gay-Transgender Twain has Met_, 25 Thos. Jefferson L. Rev. 89 (Fall 2002).
Tsesis, Alexander, _Contextualizing
Bias Crimes: A Social and Theoretical Perspective_ (review essay), 28 L. &
Social Inquiry 315 (Winter 2003).
_Student Articles:_
Cormier, Konor, _Increase the
Peace Means Increase the Penalty?: The Impact of the James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes
Act in Texas_, 34 Tex. Tech. L. Rev. 343 (2003).
_Developments in the Law –
The Law of Marriage and Family_, 116 Harv. L. Rev. 1996 (May 2003) (includes
substantial consideration of same-sex marriage issues, including interstate
recognition questions).
Eisenstein, Kathryn R., _First
Amendment – Protected Speech in an Academic Environment – Vulgar and Profane
Speech is Not Protected Under the First Amendment Where the Words Were Not
Germane to the Subject Matter and Contravened the College’s Sexual Harassment
Policy_ – Bonnell v. Lorenzo_, 241 F.3d 800 (6th Cir. 2001),_ cert.
denied_,534 U.S. 951 (2001)_, 80 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 275 (Winter 2003).
_Employment Law – Title VII
– Sex Discrimination – Ninth Circuit Extends Title VII Protection to
Employee Alleging Discrimination Based on Sexual Orientation. – _Rene v. MGM
Grand Hotel, Inc._, 305 F.3d 1061 (9th Cir. 2002) (en banc),_
petition for cert. filed_, 71 U.S.L.W. 3444 (U.S. Dec. 23, 2002) (No. 02-970)_,
116 Harv. L. Rev. 1889 (April 2003) (note - the Supreme Court denied the cert.
petition after this article went to press).
_Finding Fundamental Fairness:
Protecting the Rights of Homosexuals Under European Union Accession Law_, 4 San
Diego Int’l L. J. 437 (2003).
Forbes, Stephanie, _”Why Have
Just One?”: An Evaluation of the Anti-Polygamy Laws Under the Establishment
Clause_, 39 Houston L. Rev. 1517 (Spring 2003).
Garvin, Jennifer, _Remembering
the Best Interest of the Child in Child Custody Disputes Between a Natural
Parent and a Third Party_, 21 Miss. Coll. L. Rev. 311 (Spring 2002).
Kracht, Joe, _It Will Take More
Than an Order: What the Commander in Chief Will Need to Overturn the Ban on Gays
in the Military_, 25 Thos. Jefferson L. Rev. 247 (Fall 2002).
Nearpass, Gregory R., _The
Overlooked Constitutional Objection and Practical Concerns to
Penalty-Enhancement Provisions of Hate Crime Legislation_, 66 Albany L. Rev. 547
(2003).
Oddis, Dina I., _Combating
Child Pornography on the Internet: The Council of Europe’s Convention on
Cybercrime_, 16 Temple Int’l & Comp. L. J. 477 (Fall 2002).
Rigney, Jacob T., _Avoiding
Slim Reasoning And Shady Results: A Proposal For Indecency and Obscenity
Regulation in Radio and Broadcast Television_, 55 Fed. Communications L. J. 297
(March 2003).
_Trans-forming Notions of Equal
Protection: The Gender Identity Class_, 12 Temple Pol. & Civ. Rts. L. Rev.
141 (Fall 2002).
Wilkins, Kimberly B., _Sex
Offender Registration and Community Notification Laws: Will These Laws
Survive?_, 37 U. Richmond L. Rev. 1245 (May 2003).
_Specially Noted:_
The opinion in _Langan v. St.
Vincent’s Hospital_, reported in _Law Notes_ last month, holding that a couple
that had a Vermont civil union should be treated as spouses for purposes of the
New York Wrongful Death Act, has been published in 29 Fam. L. Rep. (BNA) 1267.
An interesting publishing
development: Suddenly in mid-May several federal trial court decisions from over
the past few years concerning public school recognition for gay-straight student
alliances have shown up in the Westlaw database.
No explanation is given for the delay in publication, but now somebody
searching the Westlaw database can find a rich variety of trial court decisions,
virtually all positive, on the rights of such student groups to form and meet at
public schools.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL
ISSUES:
Abdel-Monem, Tarik, _Affixing
Blame: Ideologies of HIV/AIDS in Thailand_, 4 San Diego Int’l L. J. 381
(2003).
Cameron, Edwin, _The Deafening
Silence of AIDS_, 5 Health & Hum. Rts. 7 (2000).
Heywood, Mark, and Dennis
Altman, _Confronting AIDS: Human Rights, Law, and Social Transformation_, 5
Health & Hum. Rts. 149 (2000).
Misra, Geetanjali, Ajay Mahal,
and Rima Shah, _Protecting the Rights of Sex Workers: The Indian Experience_, 5
Health & Hum. Rts. 88 (2000).
Ngwena, Charles, _The
Recognition of Access to Health Care as a Human Right in South Africa: Is It
Enough?_, 5 Health & Hum. Rts. 26 (2000).
Tarantola, Daniel, _The
Shifting HIV/AIDS Paradigm: Twenty Years and Counting_, 5 Health & Hum. Rts.
1 (2000).
Zucker, Kiren Dosanjh, _The
Meaning of Life: Defining “Major Life Activities” Under the Americans With
Disabilities Act_, 86 Marquette L. Rev. 957 (Summer 2003).
_Students Articles:_
Ziegler, Rachel Schneller,
_Safe, but Not Sound: Limiting Safe Harbor Immunity for Health and Disability
Insurers and Self-Insured Employers Under the Americans With Disabilities Act_,
101 Mich. L. Rev. 840 (Dec. 2002).
_Specially Noted:_
Vol. 44, No. 3 (Feb. 2003) of
the William and Mary Law Review is a symposium issue on “Disability and
Identity,” with a particular focus on the Americans With Disabilities Act.
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in
_Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those of identified writers, and are not official
positions of the Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the
LeGaL Foundation, Inc.  All comments
in _Publications Noted_ are attributable to the Editor.  Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay
Law Notes_ is welcome and will be published subject to editing.  Please address correspondence to the Editor or send via e>mail.
^Z