http://www.seattlemenschorus.org/data-security-policy/
You Are Here:
Home
/
Data Security Policy
Data Security Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can do so by clicking the link at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
When you visit SeattleChoruses.org, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. This includes address trades for one-time use with similarly positioned arts organizations in Seattle, which are facilitated through a trusted third party. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Patron Technology
Flying House Productions utilizes services from Patron Technology for ticket sales, fundraising, and mailing list management. Some links on our site will direct you to applications managed by Patron Technology, which are subject to their own terms. You can read more about Patron Technology's privacy policies here: http://patrontechnology.com/privacy/
Other Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on September 29, 2016.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Flying House Productions319 12th AvenueSeattle, WA 98122-5504info@seattlechoruses.org206.323.0750
© Flying House Productions. All rights reserved.