http://www.criminallaw.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
CriminalLaw
Login
Sign Up
Privacy
Policy
Thank you for your interest in criminallaw.com, which is owned, operated
and controlled by Attorney Portal, Inc. (“Attorney Portal”). Your personal
privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy, effective July 23, 2012,
explains our information practices. Please read carefully to understand
when we collect your information, what type of information do we collect,
how we collect, how we use, with whom do we share and what steps do we take
to protect your information. By visiting the Website, you consent to the
collection and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy
Policy.
What Information Do We Collect?
Information we collect is generally of two types – personally
identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information.
Personally identifiable information comprises any information that can help
us identify or locate an individual, including, without limitation, an
individual’s name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and credit
card number. Non-personally identifiable information comprises information
that does not by itself identify an individual. This information generally
includes anonymous information about an individual’s use of the Website
that includes, among other things, information concerning date and time of
visit, the pages of the Website visited, path through the Website, IP
address, the type of browser and operating system used.
How Do We Collect Your Personal Information? And Why?
We collect personally identifiable information only when you
specifically and knowingly disclose such information. This information is
generally collected when you register on the Website to open a user
account, post questions to our Participating attorneys, provide feedback in
online surveys, communicate with us either by e-mail, over the telephone or
in any other manner including when you call our associates. We may collect
your name, address, phone number, email address and other personal,
professional, demographic and business information. If you are an attorney
and create or update your profile on the Website, we may also ask for and
collect your credit card information, professional information like your
practice areas, educational background and your state bar memberships.
If you disclose your personal information, we will only store and use
such information that we need to meet your requests and our legitimate
business objectives. We primarily use your personal information to provide
you an improved and customized online experience and service. We may also
use the information we collect from you for the purpose of providing you
with technical support, customer service, account maintenance and to comply
with any legal requirements.
How Do We Collect Your Non-Personal Information? And Why?
General
We will automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable
information each time you visit the Website. For this purpose, we may use
cookies, clear gifs, frames, server log analysis and other technology. We
collect anonymous information about our users so that we can understand how
users are using the Website and improve the overall quality our users’
online experience.
Cookies
The Website may contain “cookies.” Cookies are bits of electronic
information generated by web servers and stored on your hard drive when you
visit practically any website on the Internet. We do not use cookies to
retrieve individual personally identifying information about you from your
computer unless you knowingly and willingly provide such information. You
can adjust your web browser security settings to refuse all cookies or to
indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you disable the use of
cookies in your web browser, some features of the Website we offer may not
function properly.
Log Files
Log files record internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types,
internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type,
date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the
Website, track a user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad
demographic information for aggregate use. You do not have to register with
us before we can collect this anonymous information.
With Whom Do We Share The Information That We Collect?
General
Personal information which we collect for a particular purpose will only
be saved and used for that purpose, unless you have agreed to allow us to
use it for some other purpose, as described in this Privacy Policy. We
sometimes share non-personal information with third parties about our user
base, but that information does not include any personally identifiable
information. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not trade,
share, rent, sell or give away information concerning you to third parties.
We may share your information with third parties if you have indicated to
us that you wish to receive information from such third parties, e.g.
participating attorneys. Please note that when you post your personal
information on the public areas of the Website, that information becomes
public and such posting constitutes your consent to share the information
publicly.
Our Service Providers
We may disclose your personally identifiable information to our service
providers and strategic partners. These third party service providers will
have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but
may not use it for other purposes e.g. we may share your credit card
information with credit card processing companies. We may also offer
certain services through third parties and when you use or subscribe to
such services, you provide information directly to the third party service
providers.
Enforcement
We may disclose your personally identifiable information or otherwise
use such information to communicate with you if required or permitted to do
so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i)
conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process or any
governmental request; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of
Attorney Portal and its Website users and licensees; (iii) enforce our
applicable service agreements; or (iv) protect the personal safety or
interests of Attorney Portal’s employees and consultants, other users of
the Website, or members of the public in urgent circumstances. We may also
disclose any of your personal information to law enforcement or other
appropriate third parties in connection with criminal investigations,
investigation of fraud, infringement of intellectual property rights, or
other suspected illegal activities, or as otherwise may be required by
applicable law, or, as we deem necessary in our sole discretion, in order
to protect the legitimate legal and business interests of Attorney
Portal.
Aggregated General Information
We may share aggregated general information about the Website with our
corporate partners, investors, advertisers or others. Aggregate general
information includes, without limitation, the number of users of the
Website, revenue including payments by the users, usage statistics and user
feedback. Aggregated general information does not include any personally
identifying information that could be used to contact or identify you.
Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized
access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of users’
information. We restrict access to your personally identifying information
to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop
or improve our products, services and the Website. Our servers are
protected by firewalls and are physically located in secure data facilities
to further increase security. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology
for mutual authentication, data encryption and data integrity. While no
computer is 100% safe from outside attacks, we believe that the steps we
have taken to protect your personal information drastically reduce the
likelihood security problems to a level appropriate to the type of
information involved. If you have any questions regarding which measures
and techniques we use, feel free to contact us.
Integrity
During the online account registration process you can review, change or
remove the information you have submitted. We aim to keep our information
about you as accurate as possible and encourage you to promptly update your
information if it changes. You may, at any time, access your information to
update, modify or delete any inaccuracies by accessing your account through
the Website. You may also request us to remove your account information
from our databases and we will try to remove as much information as
possible. However, as we generally keep information related to past
transactions for our records, we will not be able to completely remove your
information.
Changes To Privacy Policy
We may change our policy at any time by posting a new version of it on
the Website. We encourage you to check the Website regularly for
information about revisions to this Privacy Policy. In the event that we
change our Privacy Policy, such changes will affect all of the information
we collect after any such change. If you object to the change to our
Privacy Policy, then you must contact us in writing regarding your
objection.
Questions And Comments
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you may
contact contact@criminallaw.com.
CL
Public Links
Find A Criminal Defense Lawyer
Research Legal Information
Ask A Legal Question
Browse Existing Questions
Lawyer Links
Create Your Free Profile
Sign In
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Social And More
About Us
Our Blog
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter