https://www.antislavery.org/contact-us/privacy-and-usage-policy/
Skip to contentAnti-Slavery International (UK Registered Charity no: 1049160) is committed to its donors and remains dedicated to treating all donors and supporters with the highest level of care, consideration and respect. This Donor Promise has been produced to assure donors and prospective donors of the integrity and accountability of Anti-Slavery International and to ensure that all members of staff and Board members will strive to achieve the highest professional standards at all times.1. What is a Privacy Notice?The notice sets out why and how we collect, store and use the information gathered on our website and through our fundraising and campaigns work, and information on beneficiaries, volunteers and staff.We are committed to excellence in supporter relationships and we work hard to meet our legal requirements to ensure that you are fully informed about how we use your data.2. What personal data does Anti-Slavery collect from you?Raising funds is critical to the work that we do to tackle modern slavery in the UK and overseas. If you support us, for example, by making a donation, registering to fundraise, campaigning, subscribing to our news, joining as a member or by signing up to an event, we will usually collect your name and contact details. Where it is appropriate we may ask for some other information such as date of birth, or your motivation for supporting us.We may hold the following information you provide directly to us:Your name and addressYour email, if you have told usYour telephone number(s), if you have given them to us. Note: Anti-Slavery International will only email or call you if you have said that you would like to receive electronic communications from us in line with the Privacy and Electronic Communication Regulations. All emails we send you will give you the option to decline future emailsYour date of birth, if you have told usDetails of any donations you make (date, amount, payment method). We have a legal responsibility to keep track of these detailsGift Aid declaration: A note of whether you pay UK income tax, again if you have told us. This is used to enable us to claim the tax you have already paid on your donations from the Inland RevenueDetails of any direct debitsDetails of any appeals, publications etc you receive and respond to and details of any contact we have with youA note of whether you remember Anti-Slavery International in your Will, if you inform usMethod via which you donate or contact usMethod via which you learnt about Anti-Slavery eg, advert in a specific newspaperYour employment history if you apply for a role at Anti-SlaveryIf someone benefits from the work we do tackling slavery, in order to illustrate our impact and the impact of our partners, we may collect:NameTown or villagePersonal stories and photosWe always ensure express consent to use this information in our communications and no real names are published to protect the identity of all of the people we exist to serve.3. We may hold the following information from other sources:As a fundraising organisation we may also undertake in-house research and from time to time engage a specialist, trusted partner such as Prospecting for Gold or Factary to gather publicly available information, for example from Companies House, the Electoral Register, ‘Rich Lists’ and property registers. This research helps us to understand more about our supporters and ensure that we are providing the most efficient and appropriate communications, and enables our fundraising to be more effective.If you would prefer for publicly available data about you not to be used in this way, we will respect those wishes. To inform us, please email supporter@antislavery.org or call 0207 737 9434.4. How is your personal data used?We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we have about you in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (2018).We hold information that is necessary for the administration of your donations and/or your direct debits. We may also wish to contact you by phone, SMS or email to update you on our work, special events, appeals or other activities related to Anti-Slavery International that may be of interest to you, and for these electronic communications, we will only contact you if you’ve expressly told us that you wish to hear from us in this way.If you do not wish to receive further communications of a particular type or no longer wish Anti-Slavery International to contact you at all please tell us. We will always respect your wishes. Email supporter@antislavery.org or call 0207 737 9434.As a membership organisation, we also have a governance obligation to invite our members to our Annual General Meeting and inform you of the organisation’s plan each year. Members will always be given the option to not receive information about these activities.We may carry out wealth screening ensure efficiency in our research, using our trusted third party partners such as Prospecting for Gold or Factary. You will always have the right to opt out of this processing. We may also carry out research using publicly available information to identify individuals who may have an affinity to our cause but with whom we are not already in touch. We also use publicly available sources to carry out due diligence on donors in line with the charity’s Gift Acceptance Policy and to meet money laundering regulations.We only retain your personal data for as long as it is needed in accordance with our data retention policy.5. Does Anti-Slavery share your data?We take the privacy of our supporters extremely seriously and all personal information we collect is held securely and safely. Anti-Slavery International does NOT trade names with other organisations, ‘list swap’ or rent out our supporters’ list.Anti-Slavery International will disclose this information to other organisations solely in connection with the administration and the processing of your donations, in particular online donations, payroll giving or direct debit donations. We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.The only other outside bodies who might receive some information from us would be agents such as the mailing service who pack and send out our appeals, the Reporter magazine and the annual review. On occasion we may improve the quality and accuracy of the information you have provided such as your contact details by checking against external data lists. This helps us ensure our records are fully up-to-date and to avoid mis-directing communications. These agents have a legal responsibility to use our information only for the purpose for which we supply it. They will not use it to contact you on their own behalf or on behalf of other organisations. We may also carry out analysis of the personal information we collect about you and add publicly available information to create a profile of your interests, preferences and level of potential donations so we can contact you in the most appropriate way and with the most relevant information.We may comply with requests where disclosure of personal information is required or permitted by law, for example to government bodies for tax purposes or law enforcement agencies for the prevention and detection of crime, subject to such bodies providing us with a relevant request in writing.Please let us know in writing by post or by emailing supporter@antislavery.org, stating your full name and address, if you do not wish to be kept informed of Anti-Slavery International’s activities.Online donations and paymentsTo make an online donation or payment by direct debit or payment card, you will be directed to a payment gateway. Payment gateways use security features and encryption to ensure your data remains safe.We offer the use of PayPal for online donations and Rapidata for online direct debits. Further information about the collection and use of the data will be provided on the relevant payment gateway for you.6. Our legal basis for using your personal dataAnti-Slavery International uses three legal bases as outlined by the ICO to use personal data provided to usConsent – this is an indication that an individual expressly agrees to for their personal information (eg an email address) to be used in a specific way. It represents a positive choice by an individual to give clear and explicit permission.Legitimate Interest – when we have a legitimate reason to process information, for example to administer a donation.Contractual – where the processing of information is necessary for a contract we may have with an individual.Here are some examples of how Anti-Slavery commits to remaining responsible with the information it is given: Consent – we use this to email or phone you or to hold information about the story of a beneficiary. Legitimate interest – we would use legitimate interest to send a letter to remind a member that their membership has lapsed and to suggest a renewal. Contractual – if you are a prospective staff member, a contractual arrangement would be made to ensure that your information is processed in accordance with the law, on appointment.7. Can I find out what information you hold about me?You may request a copy of any personal information that Anti-Slavery International has about you (for which we may charge a small administration fee) by contacting us at the address above. This is called a ‘Subject Access Request’.Letting us know if things have changedShould your personal details change, please help us to keep your information up to date. Additionally should you wish for Anti-Slavery not to use your data in a particular way please contact us on supporter@antislavery.org or calling 0207 737 9434.If you wish to, sign up to appropriate preference services (including the Telephone Preference Service (TPS) and Mailing Preference Service (MPS) or the Fundraising Preference Service (FPS).8. How secure is the data you hold about me?We take data security extremely seriously and we ensure that industry-standards and legal requirements are met and ensure regular adherence to these requirements through regular monitoring.Access to information that Anti-Slavery holds is secure and protected. It is restricted to a small, fully trained team within the organisation.The information we hold will not be transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA), unless that country or territory also ensures the same level of protection.9. Notification of change of Privacy NoticeFrom time to time we will update this privacy notice. Should this happen, we will post a notice of the change on the website, and let you know that this has happened.If you have any further questions, or if you would like to ensure the accuracy of any of the information you may have volunteered, please contact us on 020 7737 9434 or email: supporter@antislavery.org10. Do we use Cookies?A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer browser from a website’s computer and is stored on your hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows.Cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor the websites to your interests. Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our website’s features. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.During the course of any visit to antislavery.org, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your device. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit. You can turn your cookies off by setting them in your browser’s options.11. Want to know more about your information rights?Anti-Slavery International is registered with the Information Commissioner for the United Kingdom. You can view our registration by searching for ‘Anti-Slavery International’.Anti-Slavery International, The Stableyard, Broomgrove Road, London, SW9 9TLIf you have any questions about this notice or how your data is handled, please write to: The Data Protection Officer Anti-Slavery International Thomas Clarkson House Broomgrove Road London, SW9 9TLEmail: supporter@antislavery.org12. Get in Touch If you would like to discuss anything about the work of Anti-Slavery, including how we manage personal data provided to us by supporters please do email us on supporter@antislavery.org or call the fundraising and communications team on 0207 737 9434.13. What can I do if I am not happy?In the first instance, please talk to us directly so we can help resolve any problem or query. Our friendly Supporter Care team can help, or you can contact our data protection officer by emailing supporter@antislavery.org. You can also register with the fundraising preference service (FPS).This service is run by the Fundraising Regulator and allows you to stop email, telephone, addressed post, and/or text messages from a selected charity or charities by using the online service or by calling 0300 303 3517. Once you have made a request through the FPS, we will ensure that your new preferences take effect within 28 days.You can also contact the Fundraising Regulator directly to complain. You also have the right to contact the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) if you have any concerns about Data Protection using their help line 0303 123 1113 or through their website.
Contact us Press OfficePrivacy and usage policyFundraising complaints policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok