http://www.threeworldwars.com/admin/privacy.htm
ThreeWorldWars
Print
This Page
HOME |
ABOUT |
FAQ's
INTRO | OVERVIEW | NWO | WWI | WWII | WWIII | PREPARE |
BLOG |
MORE.
Privacy
Policy
As required by law, here is my
Privacy Policy.
The most important point is that I am an
individual, not a faceless organization.
I take the privacy of any visitors to this
site as seriously as I take my own privacy.  Apart from
the invitation to join my mailing list, this site does not
collect any information about you.
If you have any requests concerning your
personal information or any queries with regard to these
practices please contact me.
This site contains links to third party
sites which are not subject to this privacy policy. I
recommend that you read the privacy policy of any such sites
that you visit.
Email Privacy Policy
This email privacy policy applies if you choose to join the
free newsletter subscription service.
How I protect your privacy
I use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse
and alteration of data used by the email delivery system.
Sharing and Usage
I will never share, sell, or rent individual personal
information with anyone without your advance permission or
unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted is
only available to employees managing this information for
purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your
request for information and to contracted service providers
for purposes of providing services relating to my
communications with you.
How can you stop receiving email from
me?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to
cease receiving email from me. If you wish to do this, simply follow the
instructions at the end of every email.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited
email sent from this site or purporting to be sent from this
site, please forward a copy of that email with your comments
to my email provider, who can be contacted at:
abuse @ 1shoppingcart.com.
Privacy Policy Changes
This policy was created on January 26, 2004.
Updated on July 6, 2005 to reflect change in email
provider.
Sponsored Links:
Don't miss the WW3 Newsletter!
Lagging Behind?
Can't keep up with what's really going on in the world?
Let us do the sifting for you!
Subscribe Now!
It's FREE and takes only seconds.  You'll receive:
Reliable, verifiable analysis of global events within a
frame-work of the Planned WW3;
Refreshing, practical advice on how to prepare for WW3;
A sense of sanity amidst a sea of confusion and panic.
I will also rush you a
FREE must-read bonus report: "The
Police State Roadmap".
A 200-page book
summarizing
the major themes of the New World Order as they have unfolded
globally.  It's my gift to you simply for
subscribing today.
Non-Java Subscription Option
Why others subscribe
Your privacy respected
Today is
World War 3 on March 20, 2003 and
the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
Home
| Contact | FAQ's
| Map
| Privacy
| Copyright © 2012 and beyond, ThreeWorldWars.com. All Rights Reserved Everywhere.
Last Update:
Thursday February 02, 2012