http://www.ehf.org/privacy-policy
0
Privacy and Data Protection PolicyINTRODUCTIONEdmund Hillary Fellowship Limited ("EHF", "we", "us", "our") takes privacy very seriously and complies with the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993 ("the Act") when dealing with personal information. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual (a natural person).This policy sets out how we will collect, use, disclose and protect your personal information.This policy does not limit or exclude any of your rights under the Act. If you wish to seek further information on the Act, see www.privacy.org.nz. CHANGES TO THIS POLICYWe may change this policy by uploading a revised policy onto the Website. The change will apply from the date that we upload the revised policy. INTERPRETATIONIn these Terms:Application means an application for a Fellowship submitted electronically via the Website at www.ehf.org.Application Terms means the Edmund Hillary Fellowship application terms here.EHF Ambassador means a person that EHF has a relationship with who helps promote EHF.EHF Partner means the Hillary Institute of International Leadership (a New Zealand registered charitable trust), Immigration NZ and Kiwi Connect Limited (a New Zealand company).Fellow means a person who has been formally accepted by EHF for a Fellowship.  Fellowship means an Edmund Hillary Fellowship, as further described on the Website.  Fellowship Terms means the Fellowship code of conduct and any other terms and conditions relating to Fellowships that you agree to, if you are offered a Fellowship.  Global Impact Visa means the New Zealand work visa further described at https://www.immigration.govt.nz/new-zealand-visas/options/start-a-business-or-invest/i-want-to-invest-or-do-business-in-nz/the-global-impact-visa.Immigration NZ means Immigration New Zealand, the New Zealand Government agency that manages immigration to New Zealand, including the issuing of Global Impact Visas.Website means the Internet site at www.ehf.org, and by extension the EHF blog at https://stories.ehf.org.  INFORMATION WE COLLECTWhen you interact with EHF, we may collect personal information from or about you. This collection can occur in several ways.Information you provide to us directly. If you submit a Fellowship Application or participate in the Fellowship programme, we will ask you to submit personal information as part of that process. We will also collect personal information from you if you choose to receive updates from us, contact us (e.g. via telephone call or email), or otherwise submit your personal information to the Website.Information provided by Immigration NZ. Immigration NZ will share a limited amount of information with EHF related to your application for a Global Impact Visa, such as the current visa application status and whether or not the visa has been revoked. Other information may be requested directly from you by Immigration NZ as part of the Global Impact Visa application process, but that information is not collected or received by EHF.Information provided by third parties. If you choose to submit a Fellowship Application, we may collect information about you from third parties referenced in your Application (e.g. from a character reference), as well as from other third parties that our team considers relevant (such as people who know you or your work, or who have expertise relating to the area you are working on). We may also collect supplementary public information from reputable third party data providers such as Salesforce.com and LinkedIn, in accordance with the Application Terms.Information collected automatically. When you visit the Website, we collect technical and analytical information that your browser submits to our server automatically, such as your IP address and cookie information. We may also use third party analytics services such as Google Analytics to further understand how the Website is used. The Google Analytics service uses cookies to analyse browsing patterns on the Website, and the Google privacy policy (available at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/) applies to all data collected by Google Analytics. You may disable cookies by changing the settings on your browser, although this may mean that you cannot use all of the features of the Website.If possible, and except as set out in the Application Terms and Fellowship Terms (if these apply to you), we will collect personal information from you directly.  HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe will use your personal information:  to verify your identityto market our services to you, including contacting you electronically (e.g. by text or email for this purpose)if you submit an Application, to process your Application in accordance with the Application Terms and to verify your compliance with the Application Termsif you are accepted to the Fellowship programme, to provide the Fellowship programme to you and to verify your compliance with the Fellowship Termsto improve the services that we provideto authorise and process credit card transactionsto respond to communications from you, including a complaintto conduct research and statistical analysisto carry out and prepare case studiesto protect and/or enforce our legal rights and interests, including defending any claimfor any other purpose authorised by you or the Act. DISCLOSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO IMMIGRATION NZIf you submit an Application, and are not a New Zealand citizen or resident, we may disclose personal information about you to Immigration NZ as follows:  We will provide Immigration NZ with anonymised demographic information on each applicant pool.If you are shortlisted for a Fellowship, and there is any information in your Application that we consider may materially affect or delay you obtaining a Global Impact Visa, we may provide your name and that specific information to Immigration NZ.  Immigration NZ, or its representative, may observe the Application evaluation and selection process, in order to evaluate the manner in which applicants are being assessed and selected. As part of this, Immigration NZ, or its representative, may observe personal information about you, but will not receive, create or take away any documents that contain personal information. The Immigration NZ personnel involved in these observations will not be involved in decisions of granting Global Impact Visas.Except as set out above, if we do not select you for a Fellowship, we will not provide Immigration NZ with any personally identifiable information about you.If we decide to offer a Fellowship to you, we will provide the information in your Application to Immigration NZ, except that we will not provide any information that you have marked in your Application as commercially sensitive this to Immigration NZ without your consent.    We will not provide Immigration NZ with information about you that we have obtained from third parties through the due diligence process described in the Application Terms without your consent, except that, if we determine that such third party information serves as a disqualifying factor and results in us eliminating your Application from the application process or withdrawing an offer of a Fellowship (as defined in the Disqualification section of the Application Terms), we may provide that specific disqualifying information to Immigration NZ.We will provide Immigration NZ with information on the activities, impact and success stories of each Fellowship cohort.We will provide Immigration NZ with case studies to highlight individual Fellows’ impact, as well as contact information for Immigration NZ evaluators to conduct surveys, interviews, and other forms of research.We will provide Immigration NZ with regular update reports on your activities and integration process into New Zealand.We will inform Immigration NZ if you withdraw, or are disqualified, from the Fellowship programme.At the end of the Fellowship programme, we will provide Immigration NZ with a summary report on your activities and impact, and (subject to the Fellowship Terms) a letter to support your permanent residency application. DISCLOSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHER PERSONSWe may also disclose personal information about you as follows:  We may disclose your personal information as well as our view on your application to (a) any person who is directly involved in referring people to make an Application, or in administering or evaluating Applications, or in the administration or provision of the Fellowship programme, such as directors, officers, employees, consultants, contractors, industry experts, EHF Ambassadors and EHF Partners; (b) the team members identified in your application; (c) our professional advisors; and (d) evaluation panel members, but only for the purpose of giving feedback to those promoting EHF, for administering or evaluating Applications and/or administering or providing the Fellowship programme (as applicable).Where you identify a person in your Application that you would recommend for the Fellowship programme and/or as a potential supporter of EHF, we may contact that person about applying for or supporting EHF without further permission from you. We may inform that person that you have recommended them to us.We may disclose your personal information to any business that supports the Application process or Fellowship programme, including any person that hosts or maintains any underlying IT system that we use to provide the Website, to administer or evaluate Applications, or to administer or provide the Fellowship programme.We may publish information on the activities, impact and success stories of each applicant offered a position in the Fellowship on the Website and in other marketing materials.We may provide anonymised information to other third parties (including by publication on the Website and in other marketing materials).We may disclose your personal information to a person who can require us to supply your personal information (e.g. a regulatory authority).We may disclose your personal information to any other person authorised by the Act or another law (e.g. a law enforcement agency).We may disclose your personal information to any other person authorised by you.A person who is involved in Application administration or evaluation, or the administration or provision of the Fellowship programme, or a business that supports our services and products, may be located outside New Zealand. This may mean your personal information is held and processed outside New Zealand. PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe will take reasonable steps to keep your personal information safe from loss, unauthorised activity, or other misuse, including by implementing data security and management systems in accordance with accepted industry practice.We will advise you at the first reasonable opportunity upon discovering or being advised of a security breach where your personal information is lost, stolen, accessed, used, disclosed, copied, modified, or disposed of by any unauthorised persons or in any unauthorised manner. ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONSubject to certain grounds for refusal set out in the Act, you have the right to access your readily retrievable personal information that we hold and to request a correction to your personal information. Before you exercise this right, we will need evidence to confirm that you are the individual to whom the personal information relates.In respect of a request for correction, if we think the correction is reasonable and we are reasonably able to change the personal information, we will make the correction. If we do not make the correction, we will take reasonable steps to note on the personal information that you requested the correction.If you want to exercise either of the above rights, email us at privacy@ehf.org or applications@ehf.org. Your email should provide evidence of who you are and set out the details of your request (e.g. the personal information, or the correction, that you are requesting).We may charge you our reasonable costs of providing to you copies of your personal information or correcting that information. INTERNET USEWhile we take reasonable steps to maintain secure Internet connections, if you provide us with personal information over the Internet, the provision of that information is at your own risk.If you follow a link on the Website to another site, the owner of that site will have its own privacy policy relating to your personal information. We suggest you review that site’s privacy policy before you provide personal information.