http://www.thechapelnet.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home  /  Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 14, 1996
The Chapel Network, an Ultra Fast Keto Boost Company
(“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the The Chapel Network website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use
and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the
Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of
information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in
this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same
meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at
http://www.thechapelnet.com/
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or
identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal
Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
NameEmail addressTelephone numberAddressWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or
identify you, by
The Chapel Network, an Ultra Fast Keto Boost Company , as well as by authorized third
parties that may contact you for marketing purposes
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our
Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as
your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser
version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of
your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our
Service. “You can view, update, and opt-out your advertising related
data by visiting Google’s Ads Settings page.” with a link to https://adssettings.google.com/
We use Google Analytics 3rd-party audience data that does not
personally or directly identify you, such as age, gender, and interests,
to better understand the behavior of our customers, and work with
companies that collect information about your online activities to
provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences. For
example, you may see certain ads on this website or other websites
because we contract with Google and other similar companies to target
our ads based on information we or they have collected, including
information that was collected through automated means (such as
cookies). These companies also use automated technologies to collect
information when you click on our ads, which helps track and manage the
effectiveness of our marketing efforts
ou may opt out of the automated collection of information by
third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements
tailored to your interests, by visiting the Google Display Network ads’
preferences page at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an
anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web
site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your
browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use
some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our
Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform
Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is
used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to
perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or
use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but
remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by
us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that
third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy
of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the
content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or
services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware
that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with
Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers
immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify
you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any
changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are
posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
You can contact us by email at cs @ thechapelnet.com/
See our Terms here.