http://www.rmhjax.org/internet_privacy_policy/index.html
McDonald's
RONALD McDONALD HOUSE CHARITIES OF JACKSONVILLE
Home
Who We Are
Mission, Vision & Values
Our Relationship With McDonald's®
Healthcare Resources
What We Do
Our House
Scheduling
Directions
Amenities
Our Family Room
Ways To Help
Donate to Annual Appeal
Volunteer
Discovery Circle
Special Events
Planned Giving
Wish List
Pop Tabs
Our Dog, Reed
News
Photos
2013 Special Events
Rock the House 5K Run
2013 Joe-Z Celebrity Bowling Classic
2013 McGala
2012 Special Events
Walk in Their Shoes
2012 Fries With That Wine
Children's Way 5K After Dark
McGala 2012
2012 Volunteer Recognition Party
Rock the House
Discovery Circle
Jacksonville Jaguars at RMHC Jax
Anita
10th Annual Pig Pickin' Barbeque
11th Annual Children's Way 5K & Family Day
Jacksonville Sharks visit RMHC Jax Families
7th Annual Joe-Z Celebrity Bowling Classic
2011 McGala
2011 Fries With That Wine
Flying Dragon Citrus Nursery
Jaguars Visit the Ronald McDonald House
2010 Pig Pickin'
2010 Children's Way 5K
2010 Discovery Circle Tapping Party
2010 Fries With That Wine
2009 Joe-Z Celebrity Bowling Classic
2009 McGala
2009 Children's Way 5K & Family Day
2009 Fries With That Wine
2009 Pig Pickin'
2008
Special Events
Bright Future Friday
Volunteer Recognition Dinner
Discovery Circle
RMHC Jacksonville Families
Our House
Contact Us
Staff
Board of Directors
2013 Discovery Circle Board
2013 Advisory Board
Internet Privacy Policy
Internet Privacy Policy
Ronald McDonald House Charities® of Jacksonville values our volunteers and donors and has the greatest respect for your privacy. Accordingly, we have set out the following policy as it pertains to gathering information.
Information Collected & How It Is Used
RMHC Jacksonville gathers personal information, such as first and last names, home addresses and email addresses, only when voluntarily submitted by you.
We may use personal information collected from you to send you updates and information about RMHC Jacksonville and our programs. If you prefer that you do not recieve those, please let us know.
RMHC Jacksonville does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties.
RMHC Jacksonville reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request in order to protect the integrity of the site, fulfill your requests or cooperate in any law enforcement investigation on a public safety matter.
If you make an online donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation. Your credit card information goes through PayPal's secure site and not to RMHC Jacksonville.
Access
You are in control of all personal information you provide to us online. If you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contact from us, let us know by contacting us.
Links To Other Sites
We offer links to sites that are not operated by RMHC Jacksonville. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Contact Us
Staff
Board of Directors
2013 Discovery Circle Board
2013 Advisory Board
Internet Privacy Policy
All contents ©2013 McDonald's. All rights reserved.
Web Design powered by Msites.
Administrators: Login