https://www.paganfed.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
About
Committee
Meet the team
Governance
The Pagan Federation Constitution
PF Code of Conduct
Meetings
Finances
Policies
Complaints procedure
Data Protection
Safeguarding
Environmental Policy
Legal
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Delivery information
Refunds and returns
Support us
Become a member
Renew membership
Volunteer with us
Buy our products
Donate to us
What we do
Pagan Dawn
About
Online access to Pagan Dawn
Advertise in Pagan Dawn
Green Pages
Advocacy
Education
Resources and Information
Community support
Prisons
Interfaith
Online Festivals
Playlists
Talks
Contributors
Pagan Symposium
Paganism
Introduction
Making contact
Druidry
Witchcraft & Wicca
Heathenry
Polytheism
Brythonic
Hellenism
Life Transitions
Celebrants
Funerals
Rituals
Further Reading
Districts
Overview
Find your District
North East
North West
Mid West and Wales
West Midlands
East Midlands
South Midlands
East Anglia
London
South West
South Central
South East
Scotland
Ireland
What’s new
PF blog
News
Events
Contact
Shop
Join us
Renew membership
Pagan Dawn
PF Products
PFPM
This website is
provided by The Pagan Federation, which is an unincorporated
association, through a not for profit company Pagan Federation,
limited by guarantee and registered in England and Wales number
04056879, who are joint controllers for the purposes of GDPR.
Our website can be
found at:
https://paganfed.org
It is hosted within the European Union by Tilaa (https://www.tilaa.com) in Amsterdam.
If you visit the site
We use Wordfence (https://www.wordfence.com) to protect our sites against malware and to block malicious traffic. As part of this process your IP address is logged and compared against known sources of attack.
Beyond this and the
logging process on our web server we do not employ any form of
analytics, and we do not share data with third parties beyond the
scope of our processing agreements with those who provide us with
services.
Articles on this site may include embedded content from other websites, which behaves as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with their content, including tracking your interaction with their content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
If you use the contact forms on the site
Your message will be
emailed to one of our internal email addresses by one of our
providers either in the United Kingdom or within the European Union.
Emails and the information within them will only be processed in the context of dealing with the query or addressing the issue raised. Our retention policy allows emails to be kept for up to three years, extended to six if they relate to our finances where we have requirements imposed by law, or to complaints against the Pagan Federation or one of our officers, or to any actual or potential legal dispute in which we may become involved.
If you purchase from our online shop
Our website is
served using a secure connection and our online shop is provided by
Ecwid ( https://www.ecwid.com ).
Their approach to security is set out below:
https://support.ecwid.com/hc/en-us/articles/207100549-Security-in-Ecwid
Their website will
ask if you consent to their placing a cookie to enable them to keep
track of customers more easily.
We integrate Ecwid
with Stripe ( https://stripe.com/gb
) for card payments and also with PayPal ( https://www.paypal.com
).
There is also the
possibility in some cases of paying by direct debit, which is
separate from the online shop and provided through GoCardless (
https://gocardless.com
).
Our online shop and
payment processors provide us with details of the order and your
name, email, shipping and billing addresses as provided to them.
These are required to meet our obligations to you.
Payment card details are only seen by our processor Stripe, who have their own privacy policy (https://stripe.com/gb/privacy).
All information
provided to us is stored securely and normally retained for six years
to meet accounting requirements and in case of any legal dispute.
Your rights over
your data
You can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Contact details
Postal address
(please use this if possible rather than the registered office
address below):
Pagan Federation, BM
Box 7097, LONDON, WC1N 3XX.
Email: please use
one of the contact forms on the site.
Phone: please leave
a voicemail on 0300 302 0896 which is the number for our online shop.
Registered office address for our limited company: c/o Ozkan Accountants Ltd 2nd Floor, Suite 12, Vantage Point, New England Road, Brighton BN1 4GW.