http://www.pvcc.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Join PV
Watch / Listen
Worship Livestream
Sermon Archive
Education & Encouragement
About PV
I’m New
Location and Times
Shepherds & Wives
Staff
Member Testimonies
Beliefs
Day School
Connect
Tiny Church
Digital Communities
Kids
Teens
Events
FLC Fitness
Outreach
Missionaries
Local Ministries
Contact Us
Give
Member Portal
Privacy Policy
The Pleasant Valley Church of Christ Privacy and Security Policy (“Privacy Policy”) below are applicable to this website and others located at the pvcc.org domain and affiliated domains (“Site”) produced and maintained by PVCC (collectively “PVCC” or “we”, “us”, or “our”). We have established this Privacy Policy to let you know the kinds of personal information we may gather during your visit to the Website, why we gather your information, what we use your personal information for, when we might disclose your personal information, and how you can manage your personal information.
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered through the Site. While we will work to maintain data integrity and apply as much of this policy as possible to our other data collection, this Privacy Policy does not necessarily reflect our practices with respect to information gathered through other off-line means.
BY VISITING THE SITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING, WITHOUT MODIFICATION, THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY PORTION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THEN EXIT THE SITE IMMEDIATELY AND DO NOT RETURN. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD, OR DELETE THE TERMS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY MEAN YOU AGREE TO THE NEW TERMS. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised. If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or don’t see your concerns addressed here, you should contact us at privacy@pvcc.org.
GENERALLY, WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT ME IS COLLECTED AND STORED?
The information we collect and store depends almost entirely on how you choose to make use of the Site and its related features and services.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect and store information that you enter into the Site. At some PVCC sites (such as the Member Portal), you can register for events, make payment for those events, participate in online giving, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. For example, when you register with us or register for an event, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card number and / or bank routing transit and account information (in the case of online giving or payment for certain events). All financial information and Personally Identifiable Information (PII) will be stored securely and members will have secure access to their information. Personal Information may also be collected in certain portions of the Site in which you specifically and knowingly provide such information to us or to operators of subnetworks within the Site e.g. community postings (i.e., classifieds or bulletin boards), suggestions, or other requests. Some of this information also may be used to contact you about new features, updates regarding congregational events and alerts unless you have elected to not receive such promotional communications in connection with the Site.
ANONYMOUS INFORMATION
Through your use of the Site, we may also gather certain information that does not identify you individually (“Anonymous Information”). Generally, this information is collected through “traffic data.” We collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with the Site. For example, we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit the Site. We also collect information regarding user-traffic patterns and site usage. Eventually, we may elect to capture and store device ID.  This information is used to analyze and improve the Site and to provide our users with a fulfilling experience, as well as adjust to geographical traffic.
COOKIES AND SPYWARE
We never use or install spyware on your computer, nor do we use spyware to retrieve information from your computer. Like most websites, we use “cookies,” which are files stored on your computer’s hard drive by your browser. Cookies help us to identify members and regular site users, and to optimize their experience. Cookies also allow us to hold user preferences. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. We recommend that you leave cookies “turned on” so that we can offer you a better user experience on the Site. You may occasionally get Cookies from companies advertising on our behalf. We do not control these Cookies, and these Cookies are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources, to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide information about our service, recommendations, and special offers that we think will interest you and, if you have agreed to receive email from us, send you information regarding church programs and updates.
REGULAR CORRESPONDENCE
After you register, we may use the email address and zip codes of all users who subscribe to any of our newsletters or other regular correspondence. Except to our authorized third-party agents (as described below), this information is not shared with any third parties. Anyone who no longer wishes to receive regular correspondence can, at any time, follow the “Unsubscribe” instructions located within each email.
KIDS AND PRIVACY
We do not collect any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you should use the Site only under the immediate supervision of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information to us. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, THEN IMMEDIATELY EXIT THE SITE UNLESS YOU ARE DIRECTLY SUPERVISED BY A PARENT OR OTHER LEGAL GUARDIAN.  We make every effort to not capture any children’s information unless provided by, and with the consent of, the parents or guardians of those children.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to the Site or your Personal Information collected online to any entity not affiliated with Pleasant Valley Church of Christ. If we propose to permit any use of your Personal Information, you will be provided an opportunity to decline such contact.  We may also, periodically, utilized the information on file in our database for the purpose of consumer data appends from third parties for the purposes of analytics and tailoring our programs and communication to be more relevant to those we serve.
7.1 Personal Information
We may use your Personal Information to provide services available through the Site, track your compliance with the Site’s rules and regulations, or for editorial and feedback purposes (to the extent that is explained when you provide the information). In the event we plan to publicly post any of your Personal Information on the Site (as, for instance, a letter), you will be provided prior notification of such posting and given the option to decline same.
7.2 Use of Anonymous Information
We use Anonymous Information to help us determine how people use parts of the Site and who our readers are so we can improve our Website and ensure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many people as possible. We also use Anonymous Information to provide statistical “ratings” information in aggregated form to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the website. We may also use or share Anonymous Information (or other information, other than Personal Information) in any other manner that we deem appropriate or necessary.  In some cases, anonymous cookie information may be used in targeted display or social media campaigns.
7.3 Third-Party Agents
We occasionally have third-party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, credit-card processing, fraud protection, etc. These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions and will be contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal Information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Site, and are required to meet all current industry standards for data protection and privacy compliance.
7.4 Emergency Situations
We may also use or disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Site; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Site or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the Site or the public.  We will, in all cases, comply with law enforcement when necessary.
WHAT STEPS ARE TAKEN TO KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
Personal Information collected by the Site is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. In many instances, such as in the case of credit-card numbers and all on-line giving, the Personal Information is encrypted before you conduct your transaction. Only those agents who need access to your Personal Information to do their jobs are allowed access. Any employee or church leader who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution.
To protect the security of your information during transmission, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. Most browsers will give a visual indication of when your connection is secure. For example, many browsers will show a padlock icon in the lower right of the browser window. If you participate in online giving or pay for certain events online, you will be asked to set up an account and provide an email address and password. You must provide an appropriate email address and password in order to access account information. In order to help protect your personal information further, you should be careful about providing your password to others. If you wish to cancel your password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your password, please contact PVCC at privacy@pvcc.org.
While we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it, you understand and agree that no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network (or even transactions considered to be “offline”) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
LINKING TO OTHER SITES
The Site may contain links to other websites operated by PVCC, its affiliates, or third parties. The practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other websites. These other sites may also send their own cookies to you, collect your data or solicit your personal information. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites. Be aware of when you leave the Site and read the privacy policies of each and every website you visit.
PUBLIC AREAS
Please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as message boards or feedback sections, becomes public, and therefore this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public. Use common sense about what you disclose and do not post any Personal Information that you expect to keep private.
GOVERNING LAW/ASSIGNMENT
This Site is published in the United States and intended for users from the United States. This policy shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arkansas. U.S. law shall govern in any and all disputes, including privacy or defamation issues or otherwise. Any actions pertaining to this privacy policy or website usage shall be venued in the County of Pulaski.
REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION / ONLINE DIRECTORY
It is the policy of PVCC that member information, including:  Name, address, phone, mobile phone and email, will be kept in strict confidence.  Please note that any phone requests for member information will only be fulfilled in cases where 1) the membership of the requestor can be verified and 2) the use of such information is deemed acceptable.  Member information will not be provided to non-members.  PVCC will also act in full compliance with HIPAA regulations and will not publish information regarding member medical diagnoses or prognoses without the express consent of that member.  PV’s sites are designed for domestic US use, and we do not knowingly capture or retain information from anyone residing in the EU.  In cases where such an event is identified, PV will purge or permission that data according to GDPR guidelines.
We realize that membership verification for information requests may be considered an inconvenience to those who call for legitimate purposes.  However, the threat of misuse of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is considered too great.  In cases where membership and permissible use are not able to be verified, the request will be passed on to the member whose information has been requested for follow-up.  Under no circumstances will children’s information be provided.
It is the opinion of PVCC that printed directories are a data security risk.  As such, PVCC will no longer print nor provide printed membership directories.  Our directory is available online to registered users that have opted-in to the directory.  At all times, registered users can determine what groups have access to their personal information, and can modify this in the user Privacy Preference Center located in the Member Portal.
WHO DO I TALK TO IF I HAVE QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions or concerns about the online privacy statement for this site or its implementation you may contact us at 501.225.5818.