http://www.snapforseniors.com/page/terms-and-conditions#terms-of-use
Toggle navigation
Home
Who We Serve
Hospitals
Payers
Pharmaceuticals
Patient Advocacy
PAC Providers
Press
Contact
Home
Who We Serve
Hospitals
Payers
Pharmaceuticals
Patient Advocacy
PAC Providers
Press
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Introduction and Agreement
Welcome to Carelike.com ("we", "our", or the "Website"). Carelike.com is a Georgia LLC. The following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”) govern your access to and use of this Website, including all content, functionality and services offered. By using the Website, you hereby agree that you are bound by all of the following provisions of these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
Changes to the Terms of Service
We may revise and update these Terms of Service from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately upon posting and apply to all access and use of the Website thereafter. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Service shall constitute your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the changes.
Carelike.com Services
Carelike is a technology platform providing personalized online advertising for Senior Care providers and research services to those seeking senior housing and related care options ("Senior Care" or "Post-Acute Care"). Additionally, Carelike is a technology platform providing families with a comprehensive and cost-effective approach to evaluating Senior Care and Post-Acute Care options.
Our services evaluate care needs and match those requirements to appropriate care providers based on additional individual factors. By filling out our questionnaires or otherwise providing contact information to Carelike, you expressly consent to telephone and email communications from Carelike. Your consent remains in effect until you revoke such authorization by contacting Carelike and requesting termination of Carelike services.
Carelike.com does not broker or negotiate Senior Care or Post-Acute Care directly. We do not provide medical advice, nor do we endorse or recommend any specific facility or care provider. Carelike is neither a representative nor agent of the Website user or the Senior Care/Post-Acute Care service providers. We recommend that families complete their own due diligence, visit facilities, interview medical personnel and monitor care on an ongoing basis.
Fees
Carelike.com search services are offered to families and individuals free of charge. Carelike.com receives compensation from members of the Carelike.com Care Network and Channel Partners. Providers within the Care Network can list their services for free or pay a subscription fee to list a comprehensive profile and access advanced features. This is a month-to-month fee and can be cancelled at any time. If any online user subscribes to a monthly plan (for Care Providers or Care Managers), it is the responsibility of the user to cancel any subscriptions, otherwise continuing charges will occur. Channel Partners pay Carelike to license the provider data for use on their internal systems or business websites.
Site Content and Intellectual Property Rights
This Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof) (“Content”) are owned by the Company, its affiliates, licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
These Terms of Service permit you to use this Website for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, transmit or otherwise use any of the material on our Website for any other purpose without our prior written consent.
Trademarks
This Website content includes certain trademarks and service marks owned by Carelike.com, and others. You agree not to copy or otherwise use these trademarks and service marks in violation of the law. You further agree that you will not alter or remove any trademark, service mark, copyright or other notice from any authorized copies of the Content.
Prohibited Uses
You may use this Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Service. As a condition of your use of this Website, you warrant that will not use Carelike.com services:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
To upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful, harmful, or otherwise objectionable.
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Site Content restrictions set forth in these Terms.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail", "chain letter" or "spam" or any other similar solicitation.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website or any device, software, or routine in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Website or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website
Use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other or automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the Content on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the Content on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper operation of the Website.
Links to Third-Party Websites, Advertisements, and Enhanced Data
This website may contain links to third-party websites, advertisements for products and services offered by third parties other than Carelike.com, or enhanced data regarding a facility or care service provider. When you access a third party link, you are leaving our Website. We do not endorse, sponsor or guarantee these linked websites and are not responsible in any way for any advice, content, information, products or services related to or made available by these third parties. If you choose to interact with these third parties, the information you provide to them is subject to the conditions of their specific privacy policies and in no way covered by the Carelike.com Privacy Policy. Any disclosure of information to third party sites linked to this Website is done entirely at your own risk.  Additionally, some providers choose to add enhanced information (data) to their business listings.  We do not endorse, sponsor or guarantee the information added by providers to be correct.
Privacy
By using this Website and Carelike.com’s corresponding services, you consent to the collection and use of your information as set forth in our Privacy Policy.
Warranty Disclaimer
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS WEBSITE AND CORRESPONDING CARELIKE.COM SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, AND YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND CARELIKE.COM SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. CARELIKE.COM AND ITS PARENT, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CARELIKE.COM OR THROUGH OR FROM CARELIKE.COM SERVICES OR SOFTWARE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.
Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL CARELIKE.COM, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS, TO THE EXTENT ANY CLAIM MAY ATTAIN ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR STRICT LIABILITY, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO $100.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Carelike.com, its parent, affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) for claims arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Service or your use of this Website, including, but not limited to, any use of the Website's content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Service or your use of any information obtained from this Website.
General
Carelike.com may modify, suspend, restrict, or terminate the use of any portion of this Website or its corresponding services at any time, without notice or liability.
Privacy Policy
Carelike.com is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Carelike.com Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Carelike.com website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Carelike.com collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Carelike.com also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Carelike.com. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Carelike.com for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Carelike.com Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Carelike.com public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Carelike.com does not read any of your private online communications.
Carelike.com encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Carelike.com so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Carelike.com is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Carelike.com and Carelike.com family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Carelike.com collects and uses your personal information to operate the Carelike.com Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Carelike.com also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Carelike.com and its affiliates. Carelike.com may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Carelike.com does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Carelike.com may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Carelike.com may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Carelike.com, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Carelike.com does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Carelike.com keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Carelike.com, in order to determine what Carelike.com services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Carelike.com to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Carelike.com Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Carelike.com or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Carelike.com; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Carelike.com, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Carelike.com Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Carelike.com pages, or register with Carelike.com site or services, a cookie helps Carelike.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Carelike.com Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Carelike.com features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Carelike.com services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Carelike.com secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Carelike.com secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Carelike.com will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Carelike.com encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Carelike.com is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Carelike.com welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Carelike.com has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Carelike.com at privacy@carelike.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
About Us
Company Profile
FAQ's
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Who We Serve
Hospitals
Payers
Pharmaceuticals
Patient Advocacy
PAC Providers
Providers
Receive higher quality leads by enhancing your profile with additional information. Join our network, click here.
Contact
Phone: (404) 250-8370
Follow us on social media
© 2020 Carelike LLC. All Rights Reserved.
×Close
License Directory Access
Use the below form to send us a message and we will get back to you.
×Close
Access my Business Listing
Use the below form to send us a message and we will get back to you.