http://www.wibf.org.uk/legal/terms
Discover
Learn
Celebrate
Log in
We are a forward-looking membership organisation for finance and banking professionals looking to achieve their full career potential, helping to bolster female contribution to the industry along the way.
Join now
What we offer
Who we are
Individual membership
Institutional membership
Our locations
Our latest news
WIBF Jobs
Our events address the needs and aspirations of our institutional and personal members to develop, showcase and retain female talent and contribution. Join us and learn.
Join now
Events
Event archive
Mentoring
ACT Research Programme
Thoughts & opinions
Knowledge Hub
We recognise those leading the industry. We celebrate our members. Our annual awards ceremony is the most sought-after event of the year, offering our members and supporters the chance to honour achievement.
Join now
WIBFs 40for40
Awards
Archive
Nominate
Our Stories
Alumni
Your members area lets you update your account, shows your upcoming events, and interact with other WIBF members.
Join now
Log in
Forgotten your password?
Become a member
Your profile
Your Events
Edit your profile
Members directory
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Terms of Use
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Complaints Policy
YOUR MEMBERSHIPYour membership, or if you are a guest, trial or one-off contract, is with Women in Banking and Finance Limited, Company number 10982879 (WIBF) (Vat registration number 309 1990 90). Subject to early termination, Membership shall be annual and shall effective from date of purchase (Start Date). Your Membership will terminate on the anniversary of the Start Date. Your data shall be processed in accordance with our privacy policy in force from time to time. Your Membership shall incorporate these terms and conditions. Any such terms are available to access on the WIBF website.
Members will automatically be added to our ‘members’ directory’ which is accessible from your account. You can choose to limit the information you share via the members’ directory.
FEES AND INVOICING
Membership Fees are payable annually in advance. Some events are subject to an additional charge. Event fees chargeable to guests are payable in advance of the event. All amounts payable are exclusive of VAT chargeable from time to time.
EVENTS & THE AGM
WIBF may advertise its events and programmes, including its annual general meeting (AGM) (the Events) and provide details of membership benefits, via the Site, and in a newsletter sent out to Members by email. Whilst we will endeavour to ensure that our Events and programmes are run as advertised, from time to time we may need to re-arrange or cancel Events due to circumstances arising that are outside of our control. Certain Events may be subject to an additional charge and this will be listed on the Site at the time of booking.
Membership entitles the holder to attend, and to one vote to approve the accounts of the previous financial year, at the AGM. You must hold a live membership to exercise your vote.
DELIVERY POLICY
You will receive a confirmation email with a VAT receipt for any purchases of events or memberships immediately after purchase. We do not issue physical tickets for events.
REFUNDS
Save where we are required to offer a refund by law, our events and Memberships are non-refundable. In certain circumstances we may be able to offer you a refund if you are no longer able to attend an event, provided you provide us with at least 24 hours written notice. Please contact operations@wibf.org.uk with details of your query.
TERMINATION
The Membership Agreement will automatically terminate on the anniversary of the Start Date, but you will be able to renew your membership for a reasonable period thereafter.
We may terminate the membership of any Member in the event that:
the Member has not paid the relevant membership fee for the period; or
is guilty of conduct which has or is likely to have a serious adverse effect on WIBF or brings WIBF into disrepute;
has acted or has threatened to act in a manner which is contrary to the interests WIBF, its aims and objectives; or
has failed to observe any terms or rules applying to Membership.
A Member may terminate their Membership at any time. On termination, a Member shall not be entitled to a refund of any fees (Membership Fees or otherwise) paid.
I want to
Become a Member
Join us now
I want to
Network & learn
Events
I want to
DEVELOP MY CAREER
Job opportunities
I want to
PARTNER WITH WIBF
Institutional membership