http://www.lpfch.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Share
Privacy
The Lucile Packard Foundation for Children’s Health shares your concern about the protection of your personal information and is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We recognize the need for appropriate protection and management of personal information, including any information about you or by which you can be identified, such as your name, address, telephone number, photographs, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, etc. (“Personal Information”).
This policy sets out the basis upon which any Personal Information and data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be used and/or maintained by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your Personal Information and how we will treat it.
Read information on State Nonprofit Disclosures.
WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We maintain Personal Information in order to acknowledge donors who have made a gift. We also maintain Personal Information in an effort to stay engaged with our constituents or to engage new constituents. When we use Personal information, we do so in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations relating to the protection of personal data.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND TRACK
We will collect and process the following information about you:
Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our websites, by making a gift to us, or by otherwise corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, date of birth, gender, occupation, personal interests, financial information, personal description, and photograph.
Information we collect about you
With regard to each of your visits to our websites we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, demographic information (e.g., age or gender), browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through, and from our websites (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, any phone number used to call our customer service number, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our websites. We may also collect information about you such as your communication preferences.
We may also collect information about you from other sources in order to optimize our engagement with you; however, we treat all of your Personal Information as confidential, and we secure it in accordance with this policy.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell any Personal Information to other organizations. We may share limited Personal Information with our primary beneficiaries, Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital Stanford (our parent company) and Stanford University. We may also share Personal Information with third-party vendors who are using that data to provide specific services to us and who have agreed to protect that data in accordance with relevant laws and regulations relating to the protection of personal data.
Finally, we may share your personal information if we are required to by law.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
We use cookies to support the internal functionality of our websites. Cookies, which are small pieces of information sent to your browser by a website that you visit, are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and user behavior, as well as to record other information from our websites. When you register on one of our websites, cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to re-enter it the next time you visit.
Many content adjustments and customer service improvements are made based on the data derived from cookies. Some of our websites use third-party vendors, such as Classy and Google Analytics, to place cookies and analyze the information collected by cookies in order to make the websites more interesting and useful to you. No personally identifiable information is collected.
Information that we collect from cookies will not be used to create profiles of individual users and will only be used in aggregate form. The data is retained for as long as necessary to support the mission of the websites. You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit. If you so choose, you may still gain access to most of the websites, but you may not be able to conduct certain types of transactions or take advantage of some of the interactive elements offered. You may also opt out of Google Analytics using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Additionally, some websites may use the demographics and interest reporting feature for Google Analytics for display advertising. The data provided by this service (such as age, gender, and interests) is used to better understand visitors to our websites and customize our websites to our users’ interest. You may opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising by visiting Ad Settings.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS PROTECTED
Personally identifiable information is stored on our server and is not publicly accessible. Further, personally identifiable information is only accessed by our employees on a “need to know” basis. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information.
We employ industry-standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We require credit card processing be secured based on compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. We do not store any credit card numbers on our servers.
As appropriate and feasible, we monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to access, upload, or change information or otherwise cause damage. In addition to limiting access to personal information to those who have a business “need to know,” we require third-party vendors to contractually agree to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and security of Personal Information.
EMBEDDED PLUG-INS, WIDGETS, AND LINKS
Within our websites there may be embedded applications, plug-ins, widgets, or links to non-Foundation websites (collectively “sites”). These sites operate independently of us and have their own privacy policies. When you visit these sites, you leave our websites and are no longer subject to our privacy and security policies. We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices or the content of other sites, and such sites are not intended to be an endorsement of those sites or their content.
YOUR CONSENT
By visiting our websites or submitting your information on our websites or by making a gift or by otherwise providing us with your personal information, you consent to the use of that information as set out in this privacy policy.
YOUR RIGHT TO OPT OUT
You may receive periodic communication from us by mail, phone, and/or e-mail. If you prefer not to receive such material or if you wish to modify your contact preferences, you may do so online, or call or email us at:
Opt out online: supportlpch.org/remove
E-mail: info@supportlpch.org
Phone: (650) 724-6563
We may recognize select donors by listing their names on donor walls within the hospital. If you do not wish to have your name included, please contact us at the email address or phone number above.
ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to access your information held by us and, where necessary, to have it amended or deleted. You will also need to provide us with proof of your identity. If you would like to update, delete, or correct your information, or modify your communication preferences, or if you have questions regarding this privacy policy or the use of information collected, you can contact us:
E-mail: info@supportlpch.org
Phone: (650) 736-8131
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify users through messaging on our websites or by sending you an email (if we have your email address). Please be sure to read any such notice carefully. You will also be able to tell when this policy has been updated by checking the “last revised date” posted on the bottom of this page. Your continued use of the websites following the posting of changes to this policy will mean that you accept those changes.
LAST REVISED: July 31, 2018
Join Us
Stay informed on children with special health care needs. Sign-up to receive our newsletter and updates from the Foundation.
Sign Up