http://www.searchbeat.com/privacy.htm
Web
www.searchbeat.com
Quick
Searches!
addresses
area codes
books
cameras
directions
electronics
email search
europe maps
int'l jobs
jobs
kitchen
lawn and patio
maps
meta-search web
movies
movie times
music
news
phone numbers
software
stocks
tools and hardware
toys
traffic
tv listings
video games
coupon shopping | family
| fashion | gov't
| games | genealogy
| history | kids/teens
| movies |
repairs | traffic
| weather | featured
sites | site map | Searchbeat.com Shout-Out Blog - News Happenings on the Internet
Search
Beat > Privacy Statement
Hello
there,
We, the people at SeachBeat.com, are very concerned about privacy
issues, and make every effort to minimize invasive collection of personally-identifiable
information. We also believe in being absolutely honest and clear
about the use of your personal information.
Our privacy policy contains two important elements:
1) We do not collect personally identifiable data about you (such
as your email address) without your explicit permission. For example,
if you choose to sign up for our mailing list, we will only use your
email address for the stated purpose of providing SearchBeat
related news. In particular, we will never disclose your email address
to third parties. See statement (1) below for details.
2) SearchBeat serves banner ads in affiliation with FastClick.com, which has its own privacy policy. Please read statement
(2) below for details.
We are happy to answer any specific questions about our privacy policy.
Feel free to drop us a line!
Sincerely,
The Search Beat Team
Ps. Check out these helpful sites for general privacy related information
and tools:
Electronic
Privacy Information Center
(Public interest research center that covers emerging civil liberties
issues and works to protect privacy, the First Amendment, and
constitutional values.)
WebVeil
("The pragmatic Web surfer's guide to Internet privacy.")
The
Privacy Page (Includes the Internet Privacy Coalition and
Privacy International)
Anonymizer
(Service that allows anonymous web browsing)
Statement
(1) -- Search Beat Privacy Statement, in accordance with TRUSTe
This confirms that SearchBeat.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe
Privacy Program. This privacy statement discloses the privacy
practices for http://www.searchbeat.com/. TRUSTe is an independent,
non-profit organization whose mission is to build users’ trust and
confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information
practices. Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment
to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices
and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.
By displaying the TRUSTe trustmark, this web site has agreed
to notify you of:
What
personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally
identification is collected from you through the web site.
The
organization collecting the information.
How
the information is used.
With
whom the information may be shared
What
choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution
of the information.
The
kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss,
misuse or alteration of information under SearchBeat control
How
you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you
feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy,
you should first contact the Search Beat
staff by email at
information@SearchBeat.com. If you do not receive acknowledgment
of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed,
you should then contact TRUSTe at http://www.truste.org.
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve
your concerns.
Information
Collection and Use
SearchBeat.com is the sole owner of the information collected
on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to
others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
SearchBeat.com collects information from our users at several
different points on our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing
information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked
to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once
the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance,
by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in
a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.
If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only
drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of
our site. For example, the user will not be able to participate in
any of our Sweepstakes, Contests or monthly Drawings that take place.
Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our
users to enhance the experience on our site. Some of our business
partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However,
we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track
user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate
use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners
and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that
can identify any individual person. We use an outside shipping company
to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users
for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store
or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the
user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact
information that is necessary for the third party to provide these
services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable
information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that
we SearchBeat.com are not responsible for the privacy practices
of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they
leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every
web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy
statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact
information such as name and email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys
or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely
voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose
this information. Information requested may include contact information
(such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such
as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify
the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for
purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this
site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend
about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address.
SearchBeat.com will automatically send the friend a one-time
email inviting them to visit the site. SearchBeat.com stores
this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
The friend may contact SearchBeat.com at the SearchBeat
webmaster to request the removal of this information from their
database.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our user's information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information
is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order
form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card
number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted
and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry
- SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon
on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft
Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open,
when you are just "surfing". To learn more about SSL, follow
this link: How
SSL works. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information
online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information
off-line.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information
we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose
it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information
in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected,
we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice
as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under
which the information was collected.
Public Forums
This site makes forums available to you. Please be aware, that whenever
you post personal information online, through chat rooms, message
boards, or email that this information can be collected and used by
others. We will take all reasonable precautions to protect your privacy,
but always keep in mind that when you are in a public forum, you control
the information you disclose.
Site
Index:
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Web
www.searchbeat.com
Arts/Entertainment
| Autos | Blog
| Books
| Business | Colleges
| Computers | Health
| Home/Garden | Jobs
| Kids/Teens
Music
| News/Media | Recreation
| Reference | Regional
| Science | Shopping
| Society | Sports
| Travel | World
Advertise | Feedback
| Contact
us |
Our Story | Privacy
Policy | Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 1997-2020
SearchBeat, All Rights Reserved