http://www.foral.lv/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy / Data Protection Notice
We respect each person’s rights in relation to its personal data. Our Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, store and protect your personal data.
We are committed to protecting information provided by you in the course of our communication. The amount of information we will hold on you and how we will use it depends on your relationship with us and on what service you use.
We will use your data to respond to your enquiries about our services and to provide our services to you. We will delete your data from our records as soon as they are no longer needed. We will apply appropriate security mechanisms to protect your personal information.
You are welcome to ask any questions you have about your personal data protection. Contact us via email on foral@foral.eu
What information is being collected
We will only collect and process personal information, which is objectively necessary. We collect names and contact details including: title, name, address, telephone numbers, email addresses, position and company name; IP address, data provided by cookies and other similar technologies, functional data such as registration and system data, as well as additional usage data. We may obtain this information via direct contact with you, may create some data internally based on information received from you, automatically via your use of our services. We may also collect some data from external sources such as other users.
Why we collect and store personal data
We collect and store your personal data for the purpose of correspondence and to provide you with information and the services you require. We also use the information to provide you with the best experience from the services we offer, which includes using data to improve and personalise your experiences.
We are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
How we use your information
We collect, store and use the information you provide in a manner, which meets the requirements of Personal Data Protection Law of the Republic of Latvia and the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date and not keep it for longer than is necessary.
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
We will use the information you provide for service improvement, client support, security, safety, dispute resolution, communications and marketing. We do not sell, rent, distribute or make public your personal data to anyone else.
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, other than for which it was originally supplied, we will ask you first.
How we store this information
In order to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, we use various security technologies and procedures. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems, which have limited access and are in controlled areas. Where appropriate, data we transmit over the internet is protected using encryption.
How long do we retain your data
We will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary to provide services and fulfil the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations and resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Actual retention periods can vary significantly for different data types in the context of different products or services.
We will use its discretion to ensure that we do not keep records outside of our normal business requirements. The following is a list of our retention periods:
Retention
Prospect Marketing
1 year
Client Marketing
2 years in the event of no response
Client File
Minimum 7 years (actual length depends on type of work)
Employee
Duration of employment plus 12 months
Prospect CVs
Duration of vacancy
Applicants progressed to interview
Duration of vacancy plus 3 months
Disclosure to Third Parties
We may only make your personal data available to our service providers who are contracted to our company in the course of our work with you. Our service providers are obliged to keep your details securely and use them only to fulfil the service they provide you on our behalf. Once your service need has been satisfied or the matter has been closed, they will dispose of the details in line with our company’s procedures.
We will only pass your personal data onto a third party once we have obtained your consent unless we are legally required to do so. All other third parties we use – including those who provide email and storage solutions used in our day to day work – are selected for, and monitored on, how they meet the requirements of Personal Data Protection Law of the Republic of Latvia (2000) and the European Union Data Protection Regulations. Where this includes storage or processing of information outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), we include checks to ensure that compliance with the appropriate frameworks for exchange of personal data is in place. Exemptions to the above are where we are asked to provide information as a result of a court order or to recover monies due.
Cookies
By visiting our website, you agree to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes described in this privacy statement. This helps us to provide you with the best experience and allows certain parts of our website to function properly.
You can always adjust your browser or device settings to not accept cookies and similar technologies if this concerns you.
Interception of mail
We may intercept emails addressed to individuals within the firm. The reasons we do this are related to security of our company, its staff and others, for detection and prevention of crime, to identify correct recipients or to make sure mail is dealt with during staff absence. We may reject, delay or remove content from emails which have a nature, content or attachments which may disrupt our systems or which may pose security issues such as viruses.
We may also filter out emails which contain certain content on the basis that content is offensive or the email is unwanted or spam. In certain circumstances this may unfortunately result in "innocent" emails being affected, but we do try to reduce such occurrences.
Security
We have developed strict policies governing information technology. These cover areas such as access control, authentication, audit, monitoring, alarms, data storage and back up and transmission standards and environment integrity. We will use reasonable endeavours to install and have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you.
As an additional security precaution, we do not store any credit card details on our website.
What Are Your Rights
You have the right to: find out what data we hold about you; object to us processing your data; have inaccurate data corrected; access the data we keep on you; request the deletion or limitation of the use of your personal data (in some cases).
We will respond to any such request within 30 days.
You can exercise your right not to receive certain direct communications from our company. If you wish to stop receiving emails from us, you can do so by following the instructions included in every email sent to you via the “Unsubscribe” tab. We respect your choice and will stop sending these to you once you unsubscribe. It may take up to one week to process your request. You can also make your choice by contacting us at foral@foral.eu
Consent
By consenting to this, you are giving us permission to perform those actions.
If changes to our Data Protection Policy include any significantly different use of your personal data, we will let you know and give you the option to agree to the new use.
If there are any changes in your details that we need to reflect, you need to check the accuracy of the details that we hold about you, or if you have any other questions about this Privacy Notice, email foral@foral.eu
Should you feel that you need to complain about how we are handling your personal data, email foral@foral.eu.
Further information can be obtained from:
FORAL Patent Law Offices
P.O.Box 98
Riga LV-1050
Latvia
T +371 67223450
F +371 67820107
E foral@foral.lv
Change cookies consent