http://www.spesia-ayers.com/privacy-policy/
History
Attorneys
James C. Byrne
John M. Spesia
Christian G. Spesia
Jeffrey S. Taylor
Michael R. Stiff
Bradley S. McCann
Jacob E. Gancarczyk
Michael A. Santschi
E. Kent Ayers
Thomas M. Ewert
Kent F. Slater
Jonathan W. Powell
Practice Areas
Personal Injury
Medical Malpractice
Eminent Domain
Employment & Civil Rights
Commercial Litigation
Business & Tax Planning
Real Estate & Zoning
Energy & Utilities
School Law
Municipal Law
Estates, Wills & Trusts
Appellate Practice
News & Cases
Testimonials
Philanthropy
Contact
Home
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicySpesia & Taylor Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
Updated March 11, 2016
Privacy Policy
Spesia & Taylor understands and respects the importance of individual privacy and security. We are committed to protecting the privacy and safeguarding the information on this site and the information of visitors to our website.
Spesia & Taylor will not collect any personal information about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or email address) through our website unless you have provided it to us voluntarily. Spesia & Taylor does not use any programs or applications to capture e-mails or IP addresses from visitors to our website. Your participation is voluntary and we will not require you to provide more information than is necessary for the purpose of communicating information pertaining to our firm.
Use of Cookies and Tracking User Traffic
Our site uses cookies such as google analytics to track user traffic patterns. These cookies allow us to determine the usefulness of our site information and to see how effective our site is in helping you reach the information you are searching for. Please note that cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive, the information collected is only used to enable accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and maintain and improve our website.
Email Consent
By providing your email, you are giving us consent that we may periodically send you news, articles or information relating to Spesia & Taylor. We do not use any personal information you supply us for a profit. We do not now and do not intend to sell, rent, or market personal data about you to any third parties for any reason whatsoever. Access by our employees and staff to any personal information is only on a need-to-know basis on the understanding that this is confidential business information.
Security Precautions
We endeavor to protect the information we receive through our website. While no data can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, we take the security of personal information seriously, and we continually strive to protect that information.
Changes in Our Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at our discretion. Any changes will be posted here.
Other Sites and Links
At times, visitors to our Website and recipients of our e-communications can access other websites through links. Any such links to third-party resources are provided solely for your convenience. Spesia & Taylor does not control, endorse, or warrant in any way the materials, information, goods, or services available through such linked sites. If you choose to access any of the linked resources you do so at your own risk; Spesia & Taylor is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any other site.
Disclaimer
This site is sponsored by Spesia & Taylor, a law firm located in Joliet, Illinois. Our attorneys are licensed to practice law in the State of Illinois. Our transmission and your viewing of this site or any other web site sponsored by Spesia & Taylor does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and Spesia & Taylor.
The materials on this site are intended for general informational purposes only and do not constitute legal advice. The content of this site may not reflect the most current legal developments and may be changed, updated or removed without notice. Do not consider this site to be a substitute for obtaining legal advice from a qualified attorney licensed in your state or country, and do not act or refrain from acting on the basis of the information contained herein. Spesia & Taylor is not responsible for any errors or omission in the content of this site or for damages arising from the use of this site under any circumstances.
If you are not an existing client of Spesia & Taylor, sending us an email will not create an attorney-client relationship and we will have no duty to keep confidential any information that you send us unless and until a formal attorney-client relationship has otherwise been established with us. Therefore, do not send us confidential information until you speak with one of our attorneys and receive our authorization to send the same.
Schedule a Consultation:
Contact us today to set up a time to speak with a Spesia & Taylor professional about your legal needs.
CLICK HERE!
Featured News:
Spesia & Taylor has stepped in to help the Spanish Center of Joliet with a donation to its food pantry. According to Veronica Gloria, Executive ... Read MoreAll of us have been adjusting how we live our lives or how we conduct business in light of Covid-19. As Governor Pritzker makes changes to what is ... Read MoreExecutive Order From Governor Pritzker on Witnesses During Gubernatorial Disaster Proclamation
On March 26, 2020, Governor Pritzker issued Executive ... Read MoreSummary Of Tax And Financial Factors Of The CARES Act
The CARES (Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security) Act was signed into law on March 27, ... Read MoreDuring these unprecedented times, Spesia & Taylor remains committed to providing legal services while protecting the health and safety not only of ... Read More
1415 Black Road
Joliet, IL 60435
Phone: (815) 726-4311
Fax: (815) 846-2410
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap