https://www.hope-challenged.com/about-2/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Hope for the Hope Challenged
Home
About Dvora
My Testimony
How Rich and I Met
Blogging About
Scripture Meditations
Grief
The Power of Words
Israel
Jewish Holidays
And More…
Connecting the Dots
What People are Saying…
Media Kit
Contact Me
Privacy Policy
Affiliate Links
HomeAbout DvoraPrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.hope-challenged.com.
Note to readers: This website is run by a single person (myself, Dvorah Elisheva Hemstreet). This policy is a standard policy and for now, the “we” is the royal “we.” However, should I provide someone access to this website to help me in maintaining, they too will abide by this policy. I don’t believe in abusing data of any kind!
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
Your data is used by Google Analytics in order to track website traffic. No personal data is shared and I will never share your personal data with anyone else!
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you have subscribed to hope-challenged.com you are also subscribed to dvoraelisheva.com. Hope-challenged is my blog and DvoraElisheva.com is my author website. I use your contact information ONLY for sending you updates to my blog or author site. If you unsubscribe, that data is deleted from both sites.
Search My Blog
Subscribe Despite the challenges of life such as death, disappointment, disillusionment, and disconnection there is always a reason to hope. Join me in the journey and receive a free gift!
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Calendar: Posts Archive
December 2020
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
12345
6789101112
13141516171819
20212223242526
2728293031
« Nov
CategoriesPraise thanksgiving interviews thankfulness humility Forgiveness Psalm 42 book joy Grace music Resumes Prayer Repentance Family answered prayer hope challenged Psalm 23 Passover Birthdays Christmas Judy Israel New Year Surgery Yom Kippur Day of Atonement Decisions Poetry Jewish New Year death Easter trusting God in impossible circumstances Job Grief Rosh Hashana heaven Coronavirus hope Fun Connecting the Dots of a Disconnected Life Xanga Rich photos MichiganI Am a Hope*WriterSupport This SiteIf you enjoyed reading my posts, please consider a small donation to help with the cost of hosting services. Thank you!