https://www.parkerguesthouse.com/privacy-policy
RESERVATIONS
Hotel Privacy Policy - Parker Guest House
We highly value your trust in choosing INNsight.com as your online reservation and accommodations search utility and hospitality business website host for hotels, restaurants, wineries, golf courses, and salons. Therefore, we will duly and diligently safeguard and protect the privacy and confidentiality of your personal details (including your credit card details). If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at legal@innsight.com.
When you visit our website(s) and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our Privacy Policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully. If there are any terms in this Privacy Policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our products and services.
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected through our and/or any related services, sales, marketing, or events (we refer to them collectively in this Privacy Policy as the "Sites").
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
Table of Contents
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
Information automatically collected
Information collected from other sources
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
Protect and Secure Your Credit Card Information
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Account Information
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you register on our Sites, search for accommodations, reserve a room, subscribe to our newsletters or emails, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When booking a reservation or registering on our Sites, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information (i.e. credit card type and number, CVC code, expiration date, credit card holder name) and to the extent available, reservation preferences, guest details, and smoking preferences.  This information is required to process, book and complete your reservation (including the sending of a confirmation email of the reservation to you). In certain cases, we might ask for your feedback or answers to subjective survey questions in order to improve our service or the service of Hotels whose websites we manage.
You may, however, visit our Sites and search for accommodations anonymously.
Personal information you disclose to us
Summary: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data, and payment information in order to process bookings and deliver relevant advertising.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering or  expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the (such as posting reviews or entering competitions, contests or giveaways) or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with the business, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Information: We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact information.
Credentials: We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access. We do not store your passwords, but rather their cryptographic hashes.
Payment Data: We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is transmitted and stored using Payment Card Industry (PCI) Compliant processes and standards: SSL/TLS and data encryption at rest.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our websites.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate our websites. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Sites and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our websites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
Information collected from other sources
In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information; marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.  We use answers to survey questions and/or browsing behavior to fine tune and personalize your experience with our accommodations search in order to find the perfect place to stay, dine at, or patronize.
To improve our website
In order to improve our service and product, we use temporary and persistent cookies, authorized third party cookies, web beacons and/or other technologies to collect non-personally identifiable data and to track browsing behavior.
Furthermore, we will record and use your IP address, browser type and Internet Service Provider (ISP) for behavioral targeting, fraud, misuse, and criminal investigation purposes.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process reservations
In order to complete your reservation and save such details for disclosures required by law, criminal investigations, subpoenas or court orders, we will only disclose your name, contact details, personal preferences, and the credit card details to the relevant partner hospitality business with which a reservation is made.  However, please note that from time to time, we may use third party distributors, which provide certain services and functions for and on our behalf. These third party distributors may have access to part of your personal information in order to perform their services and functions, but are subject to a confidentiality obligation pursuant to which they cannot use, share or disclose the information for any other purpose without prior written consent from INNsight.com on behalf of you.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or improve site features
In order to understand how people use our Sites and for marketing analysis and quality improvement purposes, we collect, record, process and use on an anonymous basis various data and information, such as the total amount of transactions, viewed web pages, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp information and details like the number and location of mouse clicks on a given page, mouse movements, scrolling activity and the search words and terms you use and the text you type while being on and using our website.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your reservation, interactions, or searches.
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter or wish to receive promotional communications or other information from us in respect of our, our affiliated companies' or business partners' products or services, we offer you the option to "Opt in" for this service. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and other promotional communications, you can simply click on the “Unsubscribe” link in our emails.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
To complete reviews and share user feedback with the public
By completing a reservation, you agree to receive an invitation email to complete our guest review (INNsights) form, which we will send to you immediately after you check out from the hospitality business, which can be completed anonymously. By completing the guest review, you agree that the completed guest review can be uploaded to our website on the relevant business’ property information page for the sole purpose of informing future customers on the service and quality of the relevant business. We reserve the right to adjust, refuse or remove review forms at our sole discretion. The guest review form should be regarded as a survey and does not include any further commercial offers, invitations or incentives whatsoever.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the devices you use or the Internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our servers is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server for the transmission of most personally identifiable data. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Transport Layer Security (TLS), also known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information may be kept on file for more than 60 days, unless you have opted to remove your data in your My Account settings.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Compliance with Laws: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers: We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, facsimile services, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the websites, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand user activity on our Sites. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers: We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers: We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the website. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Affiliates: We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners: We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
With your Consent: We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
Other Users: When you share personal information or otherwise interact with public areas of the website, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the platform in perpetuity. If you interact with other users of ours and register through a social network (such as Facebook), your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our platform, and view your profile.
Do we use cookies or web beacons?
Yes.
Cookies are text files stored in your computer, either temporarily or continuously on your hard drive. Cookies are used for authenticating, session tracking, and maintaining specific information about the use and users of our website, such as site preferences or the contents of their reservations.  Cookie files may also be placed in your computer by our trusted third-party advertising companies for the purposes as set out in this paragraph. The data collected by these cookies are completely anonymous. If you prefer, you can delete all cookies that are already on your computer's hard drive by searching for files with "cookie" in it, or by using your web browser’s “Preferences”, “Options”, “Security Settings” or “Privacy Settings” or similarly named feature to view and then delete them; and for the future, you can edit your web browser options such that (future) cookies are blocked; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. For more information about (the use and decline of) cookies, please visit: www.allaboutcookies.org
A web beacon consists of a small string of software code that represents a graphic image request on a Web page or email. There may or may not be a visible graphic image associated with the web beacon and often the image is designed to blend into the background of a Web page or email. Web beacons can be used for many purposes - including site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising auditing and reporting, and personalization.
We use cookies and web beacons to help us remember your accommodations search and process your reservation, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools to our users in the future.  We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings.  Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.
For detailed information about how we use Cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are located on a cloud network architecture that may have components in several geographic locations around the world. If you are accessing our websites, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see "WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?" above), in the United States and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
For the purposes of applicable EU data protection law (including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), we are a ‘data controller’ of your personal information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do NOT sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer links to third party sites’ products or services on our Sites. These third party site products or services have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Protect and Secure Your Credit Card Information
In order to protect and safeguard the personal data provided to us, we have implemented and use appropriate business systems and procedures and strictly follow the internationally recognized Payment Card Industry (PCI) Security Standards. For example, your credit card information is transmitted to us through a secure server protocol, which encrypts all your personal and credit card details. The encryption method used is the latest industry standard "Transport Layer Security" (TLS) technology, also known as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Our SSL certificate has been issued by an industry leader, GoDaddy: www.GoDaddy.com
Furthermore, we have implemented and use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using personal information. Only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information for performing their duties in respect of our services.
INNkeepers, i.e. owners of hospitality properties and services who use our platform, are contractually obligated to safeguard all reservation details including credit card details and are also held accountable under Payment Card Industry (PCI) Security Standards as they apply to the lodging industry.
Our server and network are protected by firewalls against unauthorized access and we have intrusion detection systems that monitor and detect unauthorized attempts to access to or misuse of our servers.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older as stated in our Terms and Conditions of Use.
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the website, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the website. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our systems. If you become aware of any data our systems may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at legal@innsight.com.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, we provide a form here specifically for you to ask us to take corrective action under the General Data Protection Regulation Act (GDPR). We will respond to you within 30 days of receipt of your complaint. You also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Terminate your INNsight.com account: Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Opt out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with INNsight.com, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the websites. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the websites, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel at My INNsight and going to the 'My Account' settings page.
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by clicking here. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.innsight.com/terms
Your Consent
By using our Site(s), you consent to our website’s Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 5/25/2020.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below. www.innsight.com
INNsight.com, Inc.
2445 Ocean AvenueSan Francisco, California 94127United States of Americalegal@innsight.com
Close
We are Super Green
100% renewable energy
Onsite recycling and composting
Part of the San Francisco Green Business certification programme
Low energy facilities and products used where possible, for example LED lighting
Home
Overview
Rooms
Reviews
Gallery
Pictures
Packages
Destination
Attractions
Things To Do
Weather
Guided Tours
Directions
Contact Us
Reservations
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Sign In
Register
This website uses cookies to deliver our services and to show you relevant inventory, property details, and rates for
Parker Guest House. By using our website, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our
Cookie Policy,
Privacy Policy,
and our Terms of Service.
Your use of Parker Guest House's services, including the booking of online reservations, is subject to these policies and terms.
Accept to Close