http://www.wihumane.org/privacy-policy
menu
close
open event
RSVP required
ticketed event
Skip to Navigation
Skip to Content
Skip To Quick Phone Numbers
Search
Toggle Search
Calendar
News & Events
About Us
Employment
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Wisconsin Humane Society does not collect personal information about you without your consent. The only personal information we collect is supplied directly by you through the use of online and offline forms (for example, donation form, volunteer form, donation check, etc.). The information is used solely to process your request.
WHS collects and maintains the following types of donor information when it is voluntarily provided to us:
Contact information such as name, address, telephone number and e-mail address
Giving information
Information on events attended, publications received and special requests for program information
Information provided by the donor in the form of comments and suggestions
This confidential information is kept on file for IRS purposes. It is also used to analyze overall giving patterns in order to make more accurate budget projections, as well as to understand donors’ interests in our mission and to update them on the organization’s plans and activities. This information is shared with staff, board members, volunteers and consultants only on a confidential and need-to-know basis. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Donors who supply WHS with their postal address or email address may be contacted periodically for solicitation purposes and/or with information regarding upcoming events. Donors may request to be permanently removed from the WHS mail and email list by contacting WHS via email, phone or postal mail. All requests to be removed from the WHS mail and email lists shall be honored.  SecurityWhen you submit forms, we now use a secure server with encryption to ensure your personal information is guarded.However, if you do not feel comfortable submitting personal information over the Internet, we suggest you print a copy of the form you wish to submit and fill it in by hand. You may then send it via fax to 414-431-6200 or send it to:
Wisconsin Humane Society 4500 W Wisconsin Ave  Milwaukee, WI 53208-3156 Your consentBy using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by the Wisconsin Humane Society. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Donate Today!
The Wisconsin Humane Society is committed to providing protection, shelter, and care for wild and homeless animals. Because of generous donors like you, they are able to rescue, rehabilitate, and rehome thousands of animals like me every year!
Donate