https://www.sistersofmercynf.org/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Example
Remembrance of Venerable Catherine McAuley
MERCY CENTRE FOR ECOLOGY AND JUSTICE
THE GATHERING PLACE
Home
Sitemap
OUR STORY
About Us
Where We Are
Early History
Expansion
Foundation on West Coast of Newfoundland
Today and Beyond
Catherine McAuley’s Connection with Canada
Terms of Use
MERCY IN ACTION
Mission and Vision
Ministry in Healthcare
St. Clare’s Mercy Hospital
Auxiliary Celebrates Fifty Years
Care of the Aged
Home Visitation
McAuley Convent
Art at McAuley
Prison Ministry
Care for Incarcerated Women
Ministry in Peru
In Memory of Padre Victor
Ecology and Justice
Growing Food to Share
Look to the Stars
Outreach to the Poor
The Gathering Place
Gathering Place – Creating a Caring Community
Food Programs
Food Bank in Corner Brook
Ministry in Africa
Ministry in Music
Mercy Students in Kiwanis Music Festival
Ministry in Spirituality, Counseling and Religious Education
Ministry to Individuals, Groups, Families
Mercy Ministry in Ontario
Education Ministry
Ministry of Prayer
CALL TO MERCY
Contact Us
Our Name is Mercy … Our Spirit is Compassion
Becoming a Sister of Mercy
Formation Process
Profession Ring
ASSOCIATES
Associate Program
Becoming an Associate
Associate Commitment Ceremony in Conception Harbour
Three New Associates, Conception Bay May 4, 2011
Commitment Ceremony at Mercy Convent, St. John’s February 13, 2011
Associates Share Their Stories
Mary Taylor Tells Her Story
Contact
SPIRITUALITY
Overview
Pray with Us
Archive Prayers
NEWS
Latest News
Archive News
St. Clare’s Mercy Hospital
Terms of Use
Privacy policy
Use of Information
We will collect and maintain in our database certain personally identifiable information from you only when you provide it to us on a voluntary basis, for example, when you make an inquiry, contact us, subscribe to our newsletter or forums, or establish an email account.
Your email address will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it, and it will not be added to a mailing list or used for any other purpose without your consent.
We will not share any information about you with third parties, except as provided by civil privacy legislation.
Please be aware that this site does not provide facilities for the secure transmission of information across the Internet.
Information Collected
When you look at our website please be aware that our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs information about it. This is the usual practice for an Internet Service Provider. This information may include but is not limited to:
Your server address
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc)
The date and time of your visit to the site
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded
The previous site you have visited
The type of browser you are using
Your Consent
By using our site, you are consenting to our Privacy Policy. We will review this Privacy Policy periodically, and if we ever change our Privacy Policy, we shall post any changes on this page so that you are always kept informed of the information we collect, how we use it and the circumstances under which we disclose it, if at all.
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer, mercygeneralate@sistersofmercynf.org.
Copyright
This site is Copyright © Sisters of Mercy of Newfoundland.
All information on this site is solely for the purposes of reference by interested visitors. Information may be cited only with prior written permission and proper attribution.
Please direct enquiries about using information on this site to mercygeneralate@sistersofmercynf.org.
Disclaimer
Sisters of Mercy Newfoundland accepts no responsibility for the content on external sites. External links are presented without warranty, express or implied. The descriptions of sites in these pages have been taken from the pages themselves and are not meant to express the opinions of Sisters of Mercy Newfoundland.
If we love God, we will undoubtedly love our neighbour also; they are as cause and effect.
Retreat Instructions, p.147
This is your life, joys and sorrow mingled, one succeeding the other.
Letter to Francis Warde
If the love of God really reigns in your heart, it will quickly show itself in the exterior.
Retreat Instructions, p. 145
May God bless the poor Sisters of Mercy and make them very humble that they may not be unworthy of the distinguished blessings God has bestowed upon them.
Letter to Elizabeth Moore
[God] knows I would rather be cold and hungry than the poor in Kingston or elsewhere should be deprived of any consolation in our power to afford.
Letter to Teresa White