https://www.knovos.com/privacy-policy/
MENUMENUSolutions
Information Governance
Unified GovernanceData ManagementSmart ArchivingRecords RetentionFile Analysis
Electronic Discovery
Data Capture and CollectionData ProcessingECA & Knowledge ManagementDocument ReviewProduction
Collaboration
Financial TransactionsDocument CollaborationTransaction and Deal ManagementStrengthening Corporate Practices
Performance Planning & Outcomes Monitoring
Strategic PlanningOutcomes & Performance PlanningPerformance BudgetingPerformance ReportingPerformance AnalysisPriority-Based Budgeting & Zero-Based Budgeting
Project Management
eDiscovery Process ManagementQuantitative Project ManagementTicketing System
Legal Hold
Legal Hold CommunicationsLegal Hold Identification and Preservation
Arbitration
Team ManagementInternational Arbitration Management
Regulatory Compliance
Compliance MonitoringGDPR
Regulatory Compliance
Compliance MonitoringGDPR
Products
nayaEdgeeZRevieweZManageCryptacommArbicommCascade
Analytics
Multidimensional AnalyticsPredictive Coding
Clients
CorporationsGovernmentLaw Firms
About Us
Our StoryLeadershipCorporate ResponsibilityAwards and Certifications
Resources
Case StudiesWhite PapersNews & EventsWebinarsBlogTraining
Become a PartnerContact
Schedule a DemoOfficesJoin Our TeamContact Us
Privacy Policy
Committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users
Knovos Privacy Policy
Company Overview:
Knovos, LLC (“Knovos”) is a global technology company which provides electronic discovery services, including information governance technology and data analytics services to law firms, corporations and government agencies who are parties to various types of litigations, investigations, commercial, arbitration and regulatory compliance proceedings.
All data collected in the course of Knovos’ activities are kept under strict privacy and confidentiality protocols since much of this information may constitute evidence in litigation and other sensitive proceedings. Indeed, it is Knovos’ practice (and the customary business practice in the industry in which Knovos conducts business) to enter into, with each client, a comprehensive Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement (C&NDA) as to data received in every engagement undertaken. Moreover, each of Knovos’ employees has executed C&NDAs pertaining to all information that comes into their possession in the course of their employment.
The facility in which Knovos processes (*processing by Knovos consists, typically, of the extraction and formatting of the data for review in a document review system) and stores data maintains extensive physical security features and the network infrastructure upon which data is stored is secured by some of the most advanced data security and disaster recovery technology found in the marketplace.
Much of the data processed and hosted by Knovos does not constitute “personal data” as the term is defined below. However, personal data will, on occasion, enter into the possession of Knovos, the bulk of it contained within the email accounts of individuals in the employ of parties to litigation.
Statement of Policy:
This policy applies to personal data that Knovos has received from the European Union (EU). Personal data refers to data that is (a) transferred to the United States from the EU; (b) is about, or relates to, an identified or identifiable individual; (c) can be linked to that individual, and (d) is recorded. Personal data may include, among other things, an individual’s name, address, phone number, e-mail address, or social security number, health insurance policy number or other like information. However, the term “personal data” does not include data that pertains to a specific individual, but from which that individual cannot reasonably be identified. Personal data also includes “sensitive personal data”, which is defined herein as a subset of personal data that pertains to an individual’s medical, or health condition, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion, union membership, sexual orientation or actual or alleged criminal activity
GDPR:
Knovos is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users. By using our website, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Knovos’ website incorporates privacy controls which affect how Knovos will process any personal data. Knovos will not use any personal data other than for the purpose for which it was provided. Knovos may process data about your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent and our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and providing services.
If you have provided any personal data such as your name and email address, Knovos may process this data for communicating with you and taking steps, at your request. Knovos may process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding products and/or services. The data may be processed for the purposes of offering relevant products and/or services to you.
Knovos may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us. The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. The legal basis for this processing is consent and our legitimate interests namely the proper administration of our business. You may withdraw your consent by contacting our dpo@knovos.com
Regarding International transfers of your personal data, the company has offices across the globe. The NDPA’s have made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries or the data will be protected by appropriate safeguards and will never leave the company without express consent. The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United States of America. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of the United States of America.
Personal data that Knovos processes for any purpose shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose. Users can ask for their data to be expunged from our systems should they wish.
Where Knovos is the Data Controller you may instruct us to report/provide/rectify/erase any personal information Knovos hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to the payment of an admin fee; and the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity. Where Knovos is the Data Processor then such requests will need to be directed via the Controller.
Knovos may use Cookies in the ordinary course of operating our website for purposes such as: authentication, status checks, security, analysis and consent.
Knovos’ service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website. Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies.
This website is owned and operated by KNOVOS: Knovos is registered in England & Wales, France and in Virginia USA et al. You can contact us via our data protection officer dpo@knovos.com
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework:
The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework has been designed to provide companies with a mechanism to comply with EU data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union to the United States in support of transatlantic commerce.
As a Privacy Shield participating company, Knovos strongly affirms its commitment to the Privacy Shield principles and the Privacy Shield Framework, as follows:
Knovos complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce (DOC) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. Knovos has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to review our certification page, please visit  privacyshield
Complaint Handling Mechanism:
Knovos is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) for compliance with this Policy and the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework.
Knovos has identified BBB EU Privacy Shield as our independent recourse mechanism for Privacy Shield privacy complaints, and we are providing below a hyperlink to our online complaint handling system for use by European Union individuals.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Knovos commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact:
Knovos
10521 Rosehaven Street, 3rd Floor
Fairfax, VA 22030
Attention: Data Protection Officer
Phone: 703.226.1500
dpo@knovos.com
Knovos has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through the aforesaid channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel.
Adherence to EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles:
Knovos has adopted the EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and hereby adheres to each of the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data received from the EU in reliance on Privacy Shield. These Principles, as adhered to by Knovos, are described below:
1. Notice
Under most circumstances, Knovos does not collect personal data for processing directly from the party in possession, but receives the data for processing from counsel under an agreement to hold such data under strict rules of confidentiality and privacy. Therefore, when Knovos receives personal data from the EU for processing purposes and does not control the collection of the personal data, Knovos does not, typically, provide notification to the individuals to which such personal data relates (but, again, is mandated by the client to hold the data in the strictest confidence.). In such event, Knovos reserves the right to process personal data in the course of providing services to its clients without the knowledge of the individuals involved. Knovos never uses data for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was provided to Knovos. Neither does Knovos ever share information with third parties other than when lawfully directed by the client law firm or originating organization (that is, the owner of the data.) When specifically authorized by counsel or client to do so, Knovos will inform affected individuals about the purposes for which it collects and uses personal information about them, how to contact the organization with any inquires or complaints, the types of third parties to which it may disclose the information and any choices and means that Knovos may offer individuals for limiting the data’s use and disclosure.
2. Choice
Since Knovos does not share personal information with third parties, unless required by law or lawfully directed by the client law firm or originating organization to do so, nor does it ever use the data for a purpose incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally collected, there is no need to offer individuals the opportunity to opt out from having data disclosed. However, should the need ever arise, Knovos will provide individuals with reasonable notice and mechanisms to exercise their choice to opt-out from having personal data so disclosed.
3.  Accountability for Onward Transfer (Transfer to Third Parties)
As mentioned above, Knovos does not share personal information with third parties, unless required by law or lawfully directed by the client law firm or originating organization to do so. However, should the need ever arise, prior to disclosing personal information to third parties, Knovos will utilize the notice and choice principles noted above. If Knovos ever were to engage in any onward transfers of your data with third parties for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, we would provide you with an opt-out choice to limit the use and disclosure of your personal data. Moreover, Knovos will only enter into written contracts with third parties to provide the same level of personal data protection as is maintained by Knovos. Nevertheless, in cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU individuals received pursuant to the Privacy Shield, Knovos is potentially liable.
4. Security
Knovos takes reasonable precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, tampering, alteration, and destruction.
5. Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
Knovos uses personal information only in a manner that is compatible with the purpose for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. Knovos takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is reliable for its intended use, and is accurate, complete, and current. We understand that we may also be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. This regulatory compliance will be adhered to under the guidance of our clients and their lawyers since we solely act on their behalf to collect, process and produce such personal information.
6. Access and Recourse
Since, under typical circumstances, the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or the rights of persons other than the individuals would be violated or seriously compromised, individuals cannot be provided access to personal information about them in order to correct, amend, or delete the information when inaccurate. However, where appropriate to do so, Knovos will grant individuals reasonable access to personal data that it holds about them and Knovos will take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete. Knovos acknowledges that EU individuals have the right to access the personal information that we maintain about them. An EU individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, should direct the query to dpo@knovos.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
7. Enforcement and Liability
Knovos will assure compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles by committing to investigate and attempt to resolve complaints regarding violations of this privacy policy directly with the complainant and in the event that the complaint cannot be resolved by Knovos internally, the complaint may be submitted for dispute resolution to BBB EU Privacy Shield Program at https://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers Moreover, Knovos will subject those employees who are found in violation of this policy to appropriate discipline.
Knovos will conduct an annual self-assessment to ensure that this policy is published and disseminated within Knovos and on its website, that it is being adhered to and that it conforms to the seven principles set forth above. In addition, Knovos has deployed internal auditing measures to monitor its compliance with the Principles and to address all questions or complaints. Knovos will also self-certify annually with the U.S. Department of Commerce as being in full compliance with the Principles.
Individuals may raise any concerns or complaints regarding their personal data directly with Knovos by contacting Knovos at:
10521 Rosehaven Street, 3rd Floor
Fairfax, VA 22030
Attention: Data Protection Officer
Phone: 703.226.1500
dpo@knovos.com
If an individual files such a complaint, Knovos will investigate the matter and attempt to resolve all issues to the satisfaction of the complainant. If the matter cannot be settled, Knovos agrees to cooperate with the dispute resolution system set forth above.
Amendments to this Privacy Policy
Knovos may amend this Privacy Policy, from time to time, by posting a revised policy on its website at www.knovos.com. Knovos will only amend this Privacy Policy in a manner consistent with the privacy and data protection requirements as set forth above. This Policy is effective as of May 25, 2018.