https://www.paulsonandnace.com/west-virginia/violations-of-consumer-privacy-rights/
Skip to content
West Virginia Lawyers Protect the Public from Privacy Violations
Strong advocates for individuals and organizations whose privacy is damaged
In today’s technical world, more and more people are trying to get information and data illegally or improperly. Individual residents of West Virginia, non-profit organizations, and other special organizations have more than a right to have their privacy protected. They have an affirmative right to demand that the violations cease and to request that the wrongdoer pay damages.
The family owned and managed West Virginia law firm of Paulson & Nace, PLLC, understands a vast array of privacy and consumer laws and how to apply them to your case. We seek injunctions to stop violations when warranted. Our West Virginia privacy lawyers also seek statutory and civil damages when violations occur. Our lawyers know that information and data can be used against an individual or organization in many negative ways, including loss of a job, an inability to get or keep housing, and damage to professional and personal relationships. West Virginia residents can depend on Paulson & Nace to hold those who violate their privacy accountable.
Some types of violations of privacy
Private information can be breached through broad data breaches, such as when there is a national or international hacking incident. Breaches can occur because companies do not follow the federal and West Virginia rules and regulations. Privacy violations can be due to malicious conduct or for other reasons.
Attacks on the following kinds of data are common:
Personal information, such as private videos and photographs. Emails and telephone numbers can also be attacked, which include videotaping of people in dressing rooms, spas, or private areas.
Financial records, including credit card and banking information.
Medical information, such as doctor visits, prescriptions, and treatments.
Identification information, such as social security numbers or military IDs.
Privacy protection laws
There are many laws that protect individuals and organizations against these privacy violations. Paulson & Nace asserts violations of these laws when applicable. Some of the key laws our attorneys assert are:
The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. This law, enacted in 1999, protects financial information. It holds banks, lenders, collection agencies, and others accountable for the proper collection and disclosure of a consumer’s nonpublic financial information and a consumer’s personally identifiable information.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA). This law protects the improper disclosure of medical information by healthcare providers, health plans, and other health entities. Consumers should receive formal notices of the HIPPA requirements from their health provider.
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This act regulates consumer reporting agencies and the accuracy of the information that the credit reports contain.
Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA). This statute states the rules for telemarketing and cell phone privacy.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Enforced by the Federal Trade Commission, COPPA allows parents to make sure they are in control of the information that can be collected from children under 13 years of age.
The Telecommunications Act of 1996 and the Cable Communications Policy Act. These laws protect information about your phone and cable services. The law regulates the phone and cable companies and is enforced by the Federal Communications Commission. Fines and penalties for violations can be severe.
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 (CAN-SPAM). This law regulates spam emails.
Additional Privacy laws include the Video Privacy Protection Act and the Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
In addition to these laws, Paulson & Nace holds companies accountable for violating the privacy provisions they themselves outline. The FTC can hold companies who violate their own rules for violating trade practices and for violation of any federal or state privacy law. Our lawyers know these complex and newer laws. We protect West Virginia residents from privacy violations through aggressive representation. We advocate for clients who suffer internet privacy violations, invasion of privacy, or a misappropriation of name, image, or likeness.
West Virginia lawyers offering strong representation to privacy violation victims
The West Virginia law firm Paulson & Nace, PLLC, knows how important it is to people and organizations to keep their information private. A competitive world does not mean your information should be made public when you want it to be private. If your privacy was violated, you lost income through a wrongful disclosure or you were just embarrassed by a data breach, the legal team at Paulson & Nace is here to help. Please call 304-741-8079 or fill out our contact form to tell us your story in a no-obligation consultation. Our office is located at 3501 Maccorkle Ave SE, Charleston, WV 25304.
We have dedicated our lives to helping individuals who have suffered because of consumer protection violations. Let our family help you in your time of need.
Consumer Protection
ResourcesConsumer Protection
Data Breaches
Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act Violations
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) Violations
False Advertising
Food and Supplement False Labeling
Violations of Consumer Privacy Rights
Fair Credit Reporting Act Violations
CAN-SPAM Violations
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Violations
Gramm-Leach Bliley Act (GLBA) Violations
Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) Violations
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Violations
Violations of Privacy Policy
Verdicts & Settlements
Boutz v. Stowasser
Jury Verdict related to pedestrian hit by car
Hudson v. Crisler
Wrongful death following bypass surgery. The case liberalized malpractice law in Virginia.
Bond v. Potomac Associates
Wrongful death of West Virginia man for improper treatment of pancreatitis.
Havner v. Merrell Dow
$37 million verdict in drug liability case involving birth defects from mother’s use of a prescription drug.
Wang v. Washington Hospital Center
$600,000 verdict.
The News RoomThe Considerable Impact of Birth Injuries on Your FamilyDecember 9th, 2020Six of the Worst Medical Device Recalls of 2020December 2nd, 2020
Contact Law Firm
Free, No-Obligation Case Review:
**
*****Briefly describe your legal issue**How do you prefer we contact you?*PhoneEmailPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.