http://www.casa-satx.org/privacy-policy
1956 S WW White Rd, San Antonio, TX. 78222
Give Hope
Volunteer
Home
About
Who We Are
Our History
FAQs
Fiscal Year Goals & Outcomes
Volunteer
Advocate Application
Advocate Volunteer FAQs
Information Sessions
Help Us Recruit
Donate
Lights of Hope
December 2020
Donate Now
Drives & Needed Items
More Ways to Give
SATLA
Capital Campaign
For Advocates
Ongoing Training
Advocacy Tips
Optima Login
Resources
Events
Upcoming Events
Gallery of Hope Ungala 2020
Ungala 2020 Sponsorship
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy Child Advocates San Antonio (CASA) is committed to respecting the privacy of its donors and volunteers. The types of donor information that it collects and maintains include such data as: Contributor information, such as names, mailing and physical addresses, telephone numbers and email addressesGiving informationInformation relevant to ensuring the safety and well-being of the children served by Volunteer Advocates, such as voluntary background checksInformation on events attended, publications received, special requests for program information, and Other information provided by the donor or volunteer, including comments or suggestionsCASA uses donors’ information to understand their interests in its mission, acknowledge contributions and thank donors, and to update them on the organization; as part of record-keeping required by law and best nonprofit practices; for internal research and analytics to improve communications; for reporting to applicable agencies as required as terms or our nonprofit organization status; and to support activities related to the fundraising operations. Information may be shared with staff, board members, volunteers and consultants ONLY on a “need-to-know” basis. CASA never sells or rents donor information to any third party or conducts any type of mailing on behalf of another organization. CASA occasionally recognizes contributors and their participation in fundraising and other organizational events in annual reports and other promotional materials. Please let us know if you would prefer to remain anonymous. Donors may opt-out of any mailings, phone calls, or other communication by notifying the CASA Development Department at 210-225-7070.
Financial Information It is our organizational policy to limit access to financial contribution information to professional staff or volunteers who need to process that information for the purposes described in this policy. We use third-party payment processors to provide credit card payment processing services but do not maintain individual credit card or bank information. We do not store your credit card information, bank account numbers or other financial account data sent directly to those processing services.
Online Giving Furthermore, in recognition of the prevalence of online giving, CASA assures online donors of the following: Online charitable donations, like cash and check donations, are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by the law. Donors will receive an immediate donation receipt via email upon completion of their donation, as well as a follow-up acknowledgement letter via mail or email, dependent upon the contact information provided. Giving opportunities that are not fully tax-deductible, such as event tickets, will be noted as such on the website and receipted accurately. Contributors with questions about their giving can contact CASA’s Development Department directly via phone, email, or in person as follows: (210) 225-7070Development@casa-satx.org1956 S WW White RdSan Antonio, TX 78222CASA utilizes third-party payment processors to allow donors to give electronically using a credit card, bank account transfer, or other payment method. These processors collect certain information from donors and maintain strict privacy and security policies as part of their agreement with us to provide this service. These service providers process the payments and funds go directly to CASA. The service providers used by CASA is Stripe (https://stripe.com/privacy).As part of providing the best online experience, we may store various data collected as part of standard website operations (including IP addresses and cookies). We may use this data for purposes described in this policy, including analytical needs to improve the website function and experience. All third-party logos, trademarks, trustmarks and other identifying, sponsoring, and/or endorsing symbols displayed on the website are accurate and up-to-date.
Donor Bill of Rights CASA endorses the “Donor Bill of Rights,” as developed by the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE), and Giving Institute: Leading Consultants to Non-Profits.Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To assure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the not-for-profit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:I. To be informed of the organization's mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.II. To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization's governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.III. To have access to the organization's most recent financial statements.IV. To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.V. To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.VI. To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.VII. To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.VIII. To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.IX. To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.X. To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), all rights reserved. Reprinted with permission from the Association of Fundraising Professionals.
Be the Difference in a Child's Life Today. Whether you are interested in becoming a volunteer, sharing the mission of CASA in your community, or would like to donate to our cause, we are happy to involve the San Antonio community as much as possible.
Volunteer
Donate
Contact Us
(210) 225-7070
1956 S WW White Rd.San Antonio, TX 78222
Monday - Friday9 AM - 5 PM
Be Involved. Report Abuse Volunteer
About Us. Who We Are CEO & Board CASA FAQs
Financials. 2019 990 Tax FormFY 2020 AuditFY 2020 Annual Report
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
©
Copyright
Child Advocates San Antonio
Share by: