http://www.socialaw.com/services/legal-alerts
Home
COVID-19
About
Hours
Support
Donate
Contact
Search Website
Search Online Catalog
Home/ Services/ Legal Alerts
For Government
For Large Law Offices
For Solo & Small Firms
Membership
Legal Alerts
Judicial Assignments
Slip Opinions
Design, Hosting & Email
Audio Video Conferencing
LEGAL ALERTS
Our legal alert services help you stay on top of Massachusetts legislation and case law, breaking legal news.
Please note:  Due to a change in Yahoo, AOL and Verizon email delivery policy, subscribers of these email services will need to re-register below to continue to receive email notifications from Social Law.
Judicial Assignments
Sitting schedules for judges in all Massachusetts courts. Click here to subscribe.
Slip Opinions
Written statements by the court that state the basis for a decision published in a temporary form. Click here to subscribe.
Business Litigation Session
Members of this email list will receive notifications of all updates to the Social Law Library Business Litigation Session Database. Click here to subscribe.
Massachusetts Register
The Library posts select material online from the most recent issue of the Massachusetts Register the day it is published. Members can get instant access to the Table of Contents, Notices of Public Review of Prospective Regulations, and Emergency and Permanent Regulations.
To access the most recent issue of the Register log in the Social Law databases and select “Massachusetts Register” under the Substantive Databases column.
Legal Periodical Alerts
The Library can alert members each time a new issue of a legal journal is published as well as provide a list of the table of contents from the issue. Choose from over 100+ journals covering general practice, corporate law, estates and trusts, Massachusetts law, real estate, taxes, and more, and stay up to date on developments in your area of practice or the legal field in general. Each time a new issue comes out you will be notified and you can then request an article or the full issue.
To sign up for this service click here.
Legal Alerts
Our Reference Attorneys have access to State House News Service, Mass Trac and other up to the minute reporting sources for Massachusetts law. We can easily keep track of where specific bills are in the legislative process, alert members when the text of a bill has changed or the Governor has signed a bill in to law, locate floor debates and reports (when available) and help you stay current on important legislation.
To find out more about this service contact Jessica Jones at jjones@socialaw.com or (617) 226-1359.
Collection Updates
Click here to sign up for email updates on our collection.