https://www.tlpj.org/privacy.htm
Read
Our
Privacy Policy
This site is
Bobby Worldwide Approved for U.S. Rehabilitation Act Section
508.
This site is
child-safe.
Privacy and Other Policies
General Privacy Policy: Our goal is to provide you with information, resources, and services relevant and helpful to you, while respecting your right to privacy. In order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this statement disclosing the privacy practices for this entire site.
Because we respect your privacy, Public Justice and the
Public Justice Foundation do not automatically collect personal information through this web site. For example, we do not enable cookies and do not use other software or hardware techniques to collect personal information on you without your knowledge. During the process of delivering our content and information to you, we do not automatically collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, we do obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). The information collected by us is used for the purpose of analyzing our traffic.
We log IP addresses – that is, the location of a site visitor's computer or network on the Internet – only for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. In other words, our site includes software that lets us track how many people are coming onto our site, and from which search engines or web pages. This lets us know which information is of interest to visitors, and how they found that information. But we do not automatically collect your name or other personal information.
We also use IP addresses in the aggregate to track which pages people visit in order to assess which content people read most frequently, and to improve the quality of the site. We do not use such data to develop profiles of individual visitors to our web site. There is no personal information collected in our log files. We evaluate site usage by analyzing user information in the aggregate, but this analysis does not identify any individual user.
When you forward a page or link from this site to your friend: We do not collect or share your name, your e-mail, or your friend’s e-mail address. This "forward to a friend" feature is only for your convenience, and we thank you for telling your friends and colleagues about
Public Justice and
Public Justice Foundation. The only reason that we request your name and e-mail address for this purpose is so that your friend or colleague will understand that you are sending the e-mail, and that it is not a spam.
When you contact us: We maintain some records of individuals who contact us for information via our website in case we need to contact you later or provide further information in the future. For example, if you send us an email, we may file your note to us, so that we can respond to you. However, we do not provide this information to anyone else unless you give us your permission or unless disclosure is required by law.
When you make purchases: If you provide information to purchase a book, manual, legal information packet, or other materials or merchandise, we use the information that we collect to process payments and shipping. This information is not made available to any third parties except as necessary to process payments or ship products. Your shipping and contact information is kept on file in case you choose to make additional purchases but will not be used in any other way.
When you contribute money: If you choose to become a member of
Public Justice Foundation or otherwise make a charitable contribution, we use the information collected from you to process payments. Personal information may be shared with third party service providers (e.g., merchant banks) during this process. We need to share this information in order to process credit card purchases. If you become a member of
Public Justice Foundation, your contact information will be added to our membership list. The
Public Justice Foundation publishes an
annual membership directory that is distributed to all members,
and we occasionally make our membership list available to other
public interest groups and activists. Members may opt out of
such membership list disclosures by contacting Membership
Coordinator
mbarr@publicjustice.net.
No legal advice or attorney-client relationship: Please understand that the information on this website is not intended as either legal or medical advice. Please also understand that sending us an electronic e-mail does not mean that you have established an attorney-client relationship with Public Justice, P.C., or any of our attorneys. Please remember also that e-mail is not necessarily a secure or confidential form of communication. That is one reason why we do not accept requests for legal assistance via e-mail.
Children's online privacy protection: We do not collect any information about users' ages, and do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from individual users under the age of 18 without parental or guardian permission. No form should be filled out by any child without first getting permission by his or her parent or legal guardian. We encourage parents to be with their children on the Internet and to supervise their children when submitting any form of information over the Internet.
No advertising or endorsements: This site is funded by
Public Justice, a nonpartisan, not-for-profit 501(c)(3) organization. This site does not accept commercial advertising. While this site contains links to other sites,
Public Justice Foundation is not responsible for the privacy practices of or the content of such sites. Linkage from our site is not intended to imply that we endorse any other group, its site, or its policies or practices.
Possible changes to information and/or privacy policy: Our goal is to keep information on this website accurate and up-to-date. It is possible, however, that some of the information on this site will be rendered inaccurate or untimely, especially due to changes that take place over time. If our privacy policy changes at some time in the future, we will post the changes on our web site and provide people with the opportunity to opt out of any new uses. While we do not anticipate any changes to this privacy policy, if you are concerned about this, you should check back at our web site periodically to see if we have made any changes.
Questions, concerns or suggestions: If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or suggestions on how we can improve the site, please contact Communications Coordinator Sarah Dean, sdean@publicjustice.net.
^^ BACK TO TOP ^^
National
Headquarters
1825 K Street, NW
Suite 200
Washington, DC 20006
ph: 202-797-8600
fax: 202-232-7203
Public Justice
© 2019 Public Justice Foundation
Trial Lawyers for Public Justice
www.tlpj.org
West Coast
Office
555 12th Street
Suite 1620
Oakland, CA 94607
ph: 510-622-8150
fax: 510-622-8155