https://www.equippers.co.uk/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is a big deal to us. We are committed to the responsible collection, use and retention of personal information we hold in accordance with good practice and required legislation including the 2018 Data Protection Act.
We have provided this Privacy Statement to help you understand how we collect, use, store and protect your information when you use the services of Equippers Church. We want to help you make informed decisions, so please take a few moments to read the sections below and learn how we may use your personal information.
We will only collect and use your personal information with your knowledge and consent. We will only use your personal information for the reason that you have provided it. We will never share your personal information with 3rd parties.
The types of information we hold
The types of personal information we hold include:
Name
Contact details (address, telephone numbers, email, etc)
Donation history
Attendance at events
Pastoral details
Photos and video footage from church events
CCTV footage
DBS certificate numbers and dates
Why we collect personal information
Equippers Church is a not-for-profit Christian organisation that is dedicated to equipping people for life through faith in Jesus Christ. We collect information about people and hold it to allow us to communicate with them, share information about church services and other events in the life of the church, pray for them and provide other Christian services to them. We also use personal information for our volunteer teams to schedule them and communicate all they need to know for the smooth running of church services and events.
How we collect personal information
We will only collect your personal information with your knowledge and we may ask for your consent. You may share your information with us when you:
Fill in a Hello form – either paper or online
Make enquiries
Register for information or other services from the church
Join a serving team
Register to attend an event
Submit a job application
When you respond to communications from us.
We will endeavour to ensure whenever you share your personal information with us, that we get your consent to store it and only use it for the agreed purpose(s).
How we use personal information
We only use personal information for the purpose(s) for which it was collected, or as otherwise required by law.
Some examples of the way we may use your personal information:
For the immediate reason for which you have provided it (for example, to enable us to register you for an event, or sharing your contact details with a Connect Group host if you have asked to join a Connect Group)
To maintain contact with you about events in the life of Equippers Church
Church administration (including administration of gift-aid)
Any other purpose directly related to our work and for which you have provided consent
Any other purpose that is required by law (for example, Gift Aid reporting to HMRC)
Equippers Church processes personal information under 3 Lawful Bases (as defined in GDPR): Consent, Legitimate Interests and Legal Obligation.
Accessing and correcting personal information
It is vital that personal information is complete, up to date and accurate. You can contact us at any time to have your details removed from lists used by us, to update your information or to otherwise tell us how you would like to receive information from us – the choice is yours.
If you want your personal information to be removed from our systems and do not want to be contacted, please use the opt-out option in our email communications, or e-mail DPO@equippers.co.uk and confirm which details you would like removed. We may contact you to confirm your identity before completing your request, and there are some details we may be legally required to retain (e.g. your details to claim and report on Gift Aid claims to HMRC).
To update your personal contact details and preferences, please go to http://equippers.co.uk/hello to complete and submit the form.
If you have previously objected to receiving information by email or post for example, but would now like to change your mind and receive information then please go to http://equippers.co.uk/hello to complete and submit the form.
You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information we hold about you, and to ask for it to be corrected or deleted, unless we are under a legal obligation to retain it.
You can contact us at any time to obtain details of the personal information we may hold about you. Please e-mail DPO@equippers.co.uk or write to: Data Protection Officer, Equippers Church, The Hub, Chertsey Road, Chertsey, KT15 2EP. We will send you a Subject Access Request form – you will be asked to complete this and may be asked to provide proof of your identity. We will respond to all Subject Access Requests within 30 days of receipt of a completed request.
Securing personal information
We take all reasonable steps to ensure the security of personal information we hold and to protect it against loss, misuse or unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure. Personal information will only be kept for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose it was collected for.
We regularly review and enhance our technical, physical and managerial procedures and rules to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, accidental loss and/or destruction.
We hold all personal data in a number of secure electronic systems, including ChurchSuite, Google G-Suite, Planning Center, Eventbrite and MailChimp. These systems are password protected and comply with applicable security standards. We ensure that only authorised staff and volunteers are permitted to have access to these systems, and we review access and data retention policies on a regular basis.
It is our policy to review the personal information we hold regularly and destroy personal information once there is no longer a legal or legitimate need for us to retain it.
Equippers Church does not use any forms of automated decision-making or profiling that involve the use of personal information.
Anonymity
You may request that you be dealt with anonymously, provided that is it lawful and practicable. We will try to accommodate a request for anonymity wherever possible, however we note that in some circumstances, this may prevent us from practically and effectively communicating with you.
Personal health information
As part of our services, we may collect personal health information (such as your medical conditions to determine your eligibility to participate in certain events or activities). When collecting personal health information, we will obtain consent to such collection and explain how the information will be used and disclosed. We will only use this information to ensure we meet your needs and are kept safe in the course of Equippers Church events and activities.
We will not use personal health information beyond the consent provided unless further consent is obtained or in accordance with any applicable law.
When will we disclose your information to others?
We will not disclose any personal information to third parties unrelated to Equippers Church without your consent. We may, however, be obliged to disclose your personal information to meet any legal or regulatory requirements or obligations in accordance with applicable UK Laws (e.g HMRC to claim Gift Aid).
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to third party websites, and third party websites may also have links to our website. This Privacy Policy does not cover third party websites. We encourage you to read the relevant privacy policy of any website visited from our website.
Privacy support
If you have any enquiry about Equippers Church data protection and privacy policy or practices, please email DPO@equippers.co.uk or write to: Data Protection Officer at Equippers Church, The Hub, Chertsey Road, Chertsey, KT15 2EP.
If you have a complaint or concern about Equippers Church data protection and privacy policy or practices, please either contact Equippers using the contact details above or contact the Information Commissioner’s Office using the details provided at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Choose your locationOnline
Chertsey
Essex
New Malden
Richmond
Weybridge
CLOSE
Choose your giving locationOnline
Chertsey
Essex
New Malden
Richmond
Weybridge
CLOSE