http://www.rotaryairliebeach.com/privacy/default.asp
Rotary International
Rotary
District 9550
Contact Us
Home
Members
All Members
Board
Past Presidents
P.H. Fellows
Major Projects
MyWhitsunday Phone & Info Guide Book/Web/Mobile
MyWhitsunday.com.au
Flickerfest Roadshow
Community Raffle
RAWCS
Pride of Workmanship
Club Events History
Meetings
News
About Us
Contact
Hide banner
Privacy
Statement
Rotary Club of Airlie Beach is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement
discloses the practices by which Rotary Club of Airlie Beach intends to protect the
quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information.
We understand how important the privacy of your personal information
is to you, as such, Rotary Club of Airlie Beach provides the following Guidelines defining
how we shall deal with your personal information
1. Collection
Rotary Club of Airlie Beach will only collect personal information that is necessary
for providing those services offered on our website. We shall advise
you at all times the purpose of our collection and ensure that your
personal information is collected by lawful and fair means and by
your express consent.
When submitting information on our site, we will collect details
including your name and email address such that newsletters can be
delivered to you. The information we collect is essential for us
to be able to identify accurately who is requesting our newsletter
service so that we may be able to respond to your request.
Such information which is collected will be held in the strictest
confidence.
2. Use and Disclosure
Personal Information we collect will only be used and disclosed
for the purposes identified in our website. Should Rotary Club of Airlie Beach intend
utilising this information for secondary purposes your express consent
would first be obtained.
3. Data Quality
Reasonable steps will be taken to ensure that personal information
which is collected, used and disclosed is relevant, accurate, complete
and up to date for the purposes for which it is to be utilised.
4. Data Security
In house safeguards will monitor and maintain personal information
to protect against unauthorised access, misuse, alteration, destruction
and loss. Furthermore, all information that Rotary Club of Airlie Beach no longer requires
will be destroyed or permanently de-identified to ensure continued
protection of your personally identifiable information.
5. Openness
Rotary Club of Airlie Beach publicly exhibits its personal information practices
and management policies. As well as making these guidelines available
Rotary Club of Airlie Beach will take reasonable steps to bring to your attention what
information it holds, for what purposes and how it collected, uses
and discloses that information.
6. Access and Correction
Where information is held by Rotary Club of Airlie Beach regarding an individual,
access will be provided upon request in a form reasonably suitable
to the information held, except to the extent that;
(a) The request for access by the individual is frivolous or
vexatious; or
(b) Providing access would unreasonably impact on the privacy of others;
or
(c) Providing access would be unlawful; or
(d) Providing access would prejudice commercial negotiations between the
individual and Rotary Club of Airlie Beach.
If access is denied to an individual then written reasons will
be provided outlining why access has been denied.
Where an individual establishes that the information held about
them by Rotary Club of Airlie Beach is not accurate, complete or up to date, Rotary Club of Airlie Beach
will take reasonable steps to correct that information.
We will provide full access to all personal information you
have given to us. If you do not wish to have personal information
used for a particular purpose we will not do this.
If you desire to review or make necessary corrections or remove
personal information you do not wish us to retain please
contact us on this page
to
do so.
7. Identifiers
Rotary Club of Airlie Beach will not adopt an identifier that has been assigned
by a Government agency as a means of identifying an individual.
8. Anonymity
Whenever it is lawful and practicable, individuals will have
the option of not identifying themselves when entering into transactions
with Rotary Club of Airlie Beach.
9. Transborder data flows
Rotary Club of Airlie Beach will not transfer personal data outside of Australia unless:
(a) the individual concerned consents to the transfer; or
(b) Rotary Club of Airlie Beach has a reasonable belief that the overseas recipient is subject
to similar privacy laws to Australia
(c) the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between the
individual concerned and Rotary Club of Airlie Beach
(d) the transfer is for the benefit of the individual concerned and it is
not practicable to obtain the individual’s consent as to the subject
matter of the information transferred.
10. Sensitive Information
Rotary Club of Airlie Beach will not collect personal information which reveals
race, religious beliefs, political opinions, trade union membership,
details of health, disability or sexual activity or orientation unless
the individual has consented.
As such Rotary Club of Airlie Beach will not collect personally identifiable information
about you except when you have authorised us to do so.
Cookies and Browsing
Information we collect via our website contributes to the development
of the site by allowing statistical analysis of users. This collection
of statistical data is carried out anonymously with no attempt to
identify users or monitor their specific browsing activities.
As such, in order to help us improve our customer service, we
utilise cookies in order to statistically track our web sites performance.
We collect anonymous information from users of our web site including
monitoring the domains from which people visit and measuring visitor
activity.
We will only use your disclosed personal information or information
generated by cookies that you have provided to us when we have given
you notification of the intended use or disclosure and you have not
objected to that use or disclosure or you have specifically and knowingly
provided that information to us. Rotary Club of Airlie Beach will not share your personal
information with individuals or organisations outside of Rotary Club of Airlie Beach.
Privacy | Disclaimer | Copyright 2010-2011
Rotary Club of Airlie Beach Inc
eCentral Marketing & digital