https://www.cvuus.org/website-privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy – Champlain Valley Unitarian Universalist Society
Skip to content
Join us for worship and fellowship here at 10am EDT each Sunday
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Champlain Valley Unitarian Universalist Society
Facebook
Directions
Search
Give
Contact
Sunday Services at 10:00am
Toggle navigation
Menu
Main Navigation
Home
About
About Us
Our Beliefs
Our Mission and Vision
Our Stories
Our Minister and Staff
Our Governance: Board and Elected Leaders
An LGBTQIA+ Welcoming Congregation
A Green Sanctuary
Location and Accessibility
Rental of Our Building (Suspended till Jan 2021)
News
Congregation News
CVUUS Calendar
From the Minister
Newsletter
Congregational Conversations
Worship
About Worship
Upcoming Worship Services
Past Worship Services
What to Expect in Worship
CVUUS for Kids
Holidays and Traditions
Music and Choir
Child Dedications
Weddings
Memorial Services and Funerals
Learning
Learning Overview
Children and Youth
Nursery – Infants & Toddlers
PreK-K: The Rainbow Connection
Grades 1-4: Undercover Kindness Agents
Grades 7-8: Our Whole Lives (OWL)
Grades 9-12: Youth Group
Adults
Middlebury College UUs
Families
Library
Justice
Justice Overview
Sharing Our Donation Plate
Black Lives Matter Ally Group
Kids for Kids
Green Action
Service Projects
Connection
Connection Overview
Visiting Us
Social Hour
Zoom Meetings
Volunteer
Donate
Become a Member
Canvass Fundraising Campaign
Small Group Ministry
Doors Open to Small Group Ministry
Caring Network and Lay Pastoral Care
Service Auction – Great Works of Heart
Ground Floor Project and Capital Campaign
Ground Floor and Capital Campaign Updates
Frequently Asked Questions
Key Facts
Video
History
Rhubarb Festival: 134 Pies Sold!
CVUUS Meditation Group
Affinity Groups
Members
Our Ministry Teams and Committees
Council of Ministries
Religious Exploration – Leader Resources
Policies, Procedures, and Covenants
Purpose Statement
Long Range Plan 2014 – 2020
Policy Governance Overview
Communications Covenant
Administrative Staff Procedures
Board Nomination Process
Church Closing Policy
Email and Directory Policy
Evacuation Plan
Financial Support to Attend Conferences/GA
Fundraising Policy
Gift Acceptance Policy
Library Materials Selection Policy
Minister’s Discretionary Fund
Non-Payment of Pledges
Pastoral Ministries Policy
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Champlain Valley Unitarian Universalist Society (CVUUS). We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can contact us at office@cvuus.org. We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and JavaScript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any inaccuracies or for questions about our privacy policy please email us at office@cvuus.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than CVUUS. These links are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of links to other websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these websites or any association with their operators.
Website Technology
This website runs on WordPress, an open source content management system. (More information is available at wordpress.org.) It uses the UUA’s WordPress Theme for Congregations.
Copyright
Authors of sermons and talks posted on this site hold copyright to their works and are assumed to have cited any quoted sources. If there are questions or concerns about copyright, please contact the CVUUS office.
Section Navigation
This SundayBlessing of the AnimalsOctober 11th, 2020 at 10:00amRev. Barnaby FederEveryone who would like their animal companion(s) blessed is invited to send photos or short video clips via email to revbarnaby@cvuus.org who will lead the service. Also, people should let him know separately the name, species and date of death of any animal they … read more.
Recent NewsTake the UU the Vote pledge 2020 CROP Hunger Walk Goal Met!  Staying Connected CVUUS Congregational Survey 2020 Religious Exploration: Re-Invention this Year Dinners for Charter House CVUUS Achieves Negative Electric Bill! Native Moons and Natural Mindfulness
Recent NewsTake the UU the Vote pledge October 1, 2020 2020 CROP Hunger Walk Goal Met!  September 12, 2020 Staying Connected CVUUS Congregational Survey 2020 September 2, 2020 Religious Exploration: Re-Invention this Year September 2, 2020
Newsletter Email office@cvuus.org to receive our monthly newsletter.
Champlain Valley UU Society
2 Duane Court
Middlebury, VT 05753
(802) 388-8080
© 2020 Champlain Valley Unitarian Universalist Society
Facebook
Login
Privacy Policy
CVUUS Photos
Building Rental