http://www.ebu.ch/legal-policy
EBU - Legal & Policy
Services
EBU Academy
Eurovision News
Eurovision Sport
Legal & Policy
Media
Media Intelligence
Radio
Technology & Innovation
Member login required
Music Exchange
News Exchange
Showcase
Sport Radio Exchange
Storyboard
Initiatives
AI and Data
Contribution to Society
COVID-19 Contingency Measures
Digital Transformation
Partnership Programme
Public Service Journalism
PSM Review
Young Audiences
Events
Groups
Publications
About
About the EBU
Members
Management
Governance
Strategy
News
Careers
Press Centre
Contact
FR
Login
Search
Close
Legal & Policy
For regulation that enables the best public service media
Policy and Positions
Resources
Latest News
About
Our Legal and Policy team work towards securing the best possible European regulatory framework to help our Members fulfil their public service remit and contribute to the democratic, social and cultural needs of society.
We define our policy positions together with our Members, and in consultation with our Expert Groups and the Legal and Policy Committee.
Browse our publications
About Legal & Policy Expert Groups
Read a two-page summary of our Policy Priorities for the European Commission mandate of 2019 - 2024.
Stay up-to-date
Legal & Policy Spotlight
This quarterly email from our Legal & Policy team covers the most important policy developments for public service media
News2Know
Receive a rundown of the most relevant news on the broadcasting sector sourced from hundreds of different journals, think tanks, research institutes and more. EBU Members can also use our searchable database.
Get In Touch
Contacts
×
Contacts
Richard Burnley
Legal & Policy Director
Legal & Policy
READ BIOGRAPHY
CLOSE BIOGRAPHY
Richard Burnley joined the EBU in 2010, he was subsequently appointed Head of Legal Regulatory Services in 2012 before taking the position of Legal Director on 1st July 2016.
Prior to joining the EBU, Richard was a Senior Legal Advisor at the Office of Communications (the UK media and telecommunications regulator) and before that, an Associate in the EU & Competition Department of a global law firm in Brussels and London.
He also worked at DG Competition of the European Commission. Richard studied law at King's College, London University and at the Humboldt University in Berlin. He holds a PhD in EU law from the European University Institute in Florence.
EXPAND CONTACT DETAILS
+41 22 717 25 13
burnley@ebu.ch
LinkedIn
Anne-Catherine Berg
Data Protection Officer and Senior Legal Counsel
Legal & Policy
EXPAND CONTACT DETAILS
+41 22 717 25 16
berg@ebu.ch
LinkedIn
Valérie Brackers
Head of Business Legal
Legal & Policy
EXPAND CONTACT DETAILS
+41 22 717 27 72
brackers@eurovision.net
Wouter Gekiere
Head of Brussels Office
Legal & Policy
EXPAND CONTACT DETAILS
+32 2 286 91 12
gekiere@ebu.ch
LinkedIn
Maud Rochat
Manager of Knowledge and Information Management
Legal & Policy
EXPAND CONTACT DETAILS
+41 22 717 2518
rochat@ebu.ch
LinkedIn
Heijo Ruijsenaars
Head of Intellectual Property Law
Legal & Policy
EXPAND CONTACT DETAILS
+41 22 717 25 17
ruijsenaars@ebu.ch
Ausra Semeniene
Senior Legal Counsel
Legal & Policy
EXPAND CONTACT DETAILS
+41 22 717 25 23
semeniene@ebu.ch
LinkedIn
Mélanie Alexandre
Senior Executive Assistant
Legal & Policy
EXPAND CONTACT DETAILS
+41 22 717 25 05
alexandre@ebu.ch
Latest
15 SEPTEMBER 2020
EBU makes recommendations for European Democracy Action Plan
Guaranteeing prominent display of and easy access to general interest content - including public service...
CONTINUE READING
09 SEPTEMBER 2020
EBU calls for ambitious EU rules on online platforms
As the EU prepares to make new rules on online platforms in its landmark Digital Services Act, the EBU...
CONTINUE READING
15 JULY 2020
European Commission launches public consultation on the European Democracy Action Plan
The European Commission has launched a public consultation on the EU Democracy Action Plan. With the...
CONTINUE READING
More legal and policy news
Policy and Positions
5G and Media
Key Principles for Guaranteed Access to Public Service Content
Audiovisual Media Services Directive
Key principles for a safe, pluralistic and open audiovisual media landscape
Competition and Funding
Freedom to innovate in a rapidly changing digital landscape
Copyright and Licensing
Developing effective licensing solutions for the digital environment
Data & Privacy
Ensuring the right balance between offering innovative digital services and protecting individuals’ privacy rights and freedoms.
Media Freedom and Pluralism
Protecting the independence and diversity of media in Europe
Online Platforms
Uphold trusted and high-quality services online and enable citizens to access and find public service media online
Open Internet
Giving audiences unfettered, non-discriminatory and transparent access to online content
Spectrum
Choice and quality for Digital Terrestrial Television audiences
European Electronic Communications Code
Reflecting the importance of electronic communication networks for media pluralism and diversity
Trade
Protecting the European audiovisual model and cultural diversity
Resources
Contract toolkit Members only
A selection of sample agreements and model clauses to support our Members' Legal Advisers
Position papers
Influencing media policy makers at a national or European level. Representing and defending the interests of the EBU and Members
Tailored legal advice for Members Members only
We provide expert legal advice on day-to-day matters such as PSM governance and media law, intellectual property and rights agreements, commercial and sports contracts, and specific EU competition law issues, including mergers and State aid. Please contact burnley@ebu.ch.
Legal & Policy Assembly documents Members only
Access all working documents and conclusions since 1999
Legal Case Notes
Analysis of recent decisions impacting public service media
Reference texts
A selection of key directives, recommendations and declarations from the EU and the Council of Europe, and other major European and international texts relating to media law
EU Funding Opportunities Members only
Funding opportunities from the European Union for media projects and partnerships
Featured publications
18 DECEMBER 2017
Public Funding Principles for PSM
The EBU has published Public Funding Principles for Public Service Media (PSM). Coming at a critical...
CONTINUE READING
30 MARCH 2015
Governance Principles for PSM
Good governance of public service media, serving the interests of society as a whole, is actively supported...
CONTINUE READING
19 DECEMBER 2017
PSM Remit Principles for the Digital Media Age
The EBU's Legal Focus on PSM Remit Principles for the Digital Media Age deals with the critical question...
CONTINUE READING
10 MARCH 2016
Copyright Handbook
Members Only
With its new Copyright Handbook, the EBU provides its Members with a reference tool addressing the main...
CONTINUE READING
More Legal & Policy publications
The European Broadcasting Union is the world’s foremost alliance of public service media, representing over a hundred organizations worldwide. We strive to secure a sustainable future for public service media, provide our Members with world-class content through the Eurovision and Euroradio brands, and build on our founding ethos of solidarity and co-operation to create a centre for learning and sharing. Find out more about us.
Our Services
EBU Academy
Eurovision News
Eurovision Sport
Legal & Policy
Media
Media Intelligence
Radio
Technology & Innovation
Follow the EBU
Newsletters
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Podcasts
Our Websites
EBU.ch
EBU Workspace
Eurovision Song Contest
Eurovision Services
See a list of all websites >
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Contact
Press
Careers
Support
Cookies
Copyright EBU 2019. All rights reserved.
Scroll to top