http://www.shakurlaw.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Important Disclosures and Notices
The materials at this site have been prepared by Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law for information purposes only and should not be construed as legal advice or legal opinion on any specific facts or circumstances. Transmission of the information is not intended to create, and receipt does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship between the sender and receiver. Readers should not act upon this information without seeking professional counsel.
The information at this site is subject to change without notice. Although we try to keep our site current and accurate, you should not rely on this information or its applicability to any specific circumstances without first speaking with an attorney. Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law cannot promise that the information on this site is applicable to your circumstances, correct, complete, and up-to-date, that your access will be uninterrupted, or that material accessible from this site is free of viruses.
Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law does not intend links to be referrals to, or endorsements of, the linked entities or information that they make available. Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law will remove any link from this site upon request from the linked entity. This site is not sponsored or associated with any particular linked entity unless so stated in truth by that entity.
Persons contacting Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law through the Internet e-mail facility provided through this site should not send confidential, privileged or sensitive information, and should not ask specific legal questions by e-mail without first speaking to a specific Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law attorney. To be contacted by a Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law attorney you may provide information about the general nature of your inquiry, without providing any confidential specifics, or if the matter is very time-sensitive, please telephone our office.
Please do not consider there to be any attorney-client relationship between you and Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law or any of its attorneys unless or until: (i) you have sought to retain us; (ii) we have had an opportunity to check and clear any conflicts; and (iii) you have received a letter from us confirming the retention and its scope.
Privacy Policy Statement
Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law has adopted the following privacy policy statement applicable to our web site operated by Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law.
Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law does not currently collect personal identifying information (the “Information”) through our web site except:
for Information that your Internet service provider automatically provides to our web server, such as its web site address and possibly your e-mail address,
for Information that you send to us in an e-mail message, and
for Information that you submit to us in a CGI form (for example, when you submit a search request on our web page).
E-mail sent to us may not be secure. If you choose to send us an e-mail message, we may retain the content of the e-mail, your e-mail address and our response, and it becomes the property of Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law.
In order to better serve you and better facilitate the use of our web site so that you are not required to reenter your user name and password each time that you visit our site, our web site may place a small file, known as a “cookie,” to be accessed by your browser during subsequent visits to our site.
Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law will use Information for our own proper purposes, but we will not sell Information to third parties.
We encourage you to review the Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law Privacy Policy Statement periodically for updates that will be posted on our web site. You can send e-mail to us with any further questions at admin@shakurlaw.com.
Copyright © 2019 Malik Shakur, Attorney-at-Law
Request a Call Back
[contact-form-7 id="1720" title="Contact form Office"]