https://www.swarthmoorhall.co.uk/privacy/
0
was successfully added to your cart.
Privacy policy
Friends House (London) Hospitality Ltd. Privacy Policy
Company information
Quiet Company is operated by Friends House (London) Hospitality Ltd. (t/a Quiet Company), which is wholly owned by Britain Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) and is registered in England and Wales. Britain Yearly Meeting (BYM) is the charitable organisation which supports and works on behalf of all Quakers in Britain. Our full address is Friends House, 173 Euston Road, London, NW1 2BJ. Our company number is 06204129.
Friends House (London) Hospitality Ltd. is registered and fully compliant with the UK Data Protection legislation (Reg. No: Z2719753) and act as data controller when we collect personal data from our customers, prospective customers, and other stakeholders.
Please note that Swarthmoor Hall and Friends House Bookshop are owned by Britain Yearly Meeting and personal data is processed in accordance with the BYM privacy policy available here: https://www.quaker.org.uk/privacypolicy
Our approach to managing personal data
We collect personal data in the legitimate interests of supporting our work, and for some types of data collection for the performance of a contract. We will also ask for consent for data processing where appropriate.
How we collect data
Friends House (London) Hospitality Ltd. collects personal data through:
Booking enquiry forms
New customer forms
Contact forms
Surveys
Contact via phone or email
Web analytics tools
We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection legislation.
Why we collect data
We collect this data in order to offer services (primarily meeting room and conference facilities, catering and a café/restaurant) to our customers and the general public.
Principles we will maintain
When we ask for personal data we will outline how we will use and manage it and, where appropriate, ask for your consent to do so.
We will not use this personal data for other purposes without asking your permission.
We will not keep this information for longer than necessary.
We will not use third parties to process your data without taking reasonable steps to ensure they comply with UK Data Protection legislation and EU General Data Protection Regulation.
We will never sell your data to third parties.
Data location and security
Personal data is collected and stored securely subject to appropriate security measures and is protected against misuse.
Your personal data is primarily held in electronic form. Electronic data is held on secure local servers operated by BYM, and in some circumstances, on servers owned by third-party contractors. We ensure that any third-party contractors we use comply with the UK Data Protection legislation and EU General Data Protection Regulations. Data in paper form is held securely and destroyed securely.
Your rights over your data
BYM Data Protection group will act as the point of contact for all enquiries related to Friends House (London) Hospitality Ltd..
If you have any queries, please in the first instance, contact BYM data protection group: dataprotection@quaker.org.uk or Enquiries on 020 7663 1000.
Should you wish to make a subject access request to view your personal data held by us, please contact BYM data protection group: dataprotection@quaker.org.uk or Enquiries on 020 7663 1000.
Should you wish to withdraw permission for use of your data or to update the data we hold for you, please contact BYM data protection group: dataprotection@quaker.org.uk or Enquiries on 020 7663 1000.
Cookies
Cookies are text files stored on your computer, and accessible only to the websites which create them.
Our website may from time to time use cookies and log files:
for statistical analysis,
to understand user behaviour,
to administer the site,
to tailor the information presented to a user based on their preferences,
and to improve the user experience.
Any information gathered by our use of cookies is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. You may delete, or disable cookies by following the instructions at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. Please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you disable cookies. Our website uses cookies to keep you logged in, so disabling cookies may impair your experience of the service.
Further information about cookies can be found on the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s website www.allaboutcookies.org.
Social media
If you share our content through social media, for example by liking us on Facebook or following or tweeting about us on Twitter, those social networks will record that you have done so. They may set a cookie for this purpose.
In some cases, where a page on our website includes content from a social network, such as a Twitter feed, or Facebook comments box, those services may set a cookie even where you do not click a button. As is the case for all cookies, we cannot access those set by social networks. Social networks cannot access cookies we set ourselves.
Log files
Our systems automatically gather some anonymous information about visitors, including IP addresses, browser type, language, and the times and dates of webpage visits. The data collected does not include personally identifiable information. It is used, as described above, for statistical analysis, to understand user behaviour, and to administer the site.
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Any changes we may make to our privacy notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
External links
The Quiet Company website contains links to websites operated by third parties under different privacy policies. Should you choose one of those links, you will be leaving the Friends House site and this privacy notice will no longer apply.
Changes to this notice
We will review and update this notice in line with best practice and changes in legislation. We will always have an up-to-date version of the notice on this page or clearly signpost its location on the site under ‘Privacy policy’.
Swarthmoor Hall Lane
Ulverston, Cumbria, LA12 0JQ
Phone: 01229 583 204
info@swarthmoorhall.co.uk
Careers & Volunteering
Donate
Quaker Meetings
Modern Slavery Statement
Become a Friend
Accessibility
Privacy
Terms and Conditions
© 2020 Swarthmoor Hall. All Rights Reserved. Web Design by Urban Attic.
Visit
The Barn Café
Group Bookings
Quaker Meetings at Swarthmoor Hall
Stay
Courses and Retreats
News and Events
About Us
Careers and Volunteering
Become a Friend of Swarthmoor Hall
Donate
Contact Us
Accessibility
Make An Enquiry
Following the recent Government announcements on the national lockdown, we will be closed from Thursday 5 November until further notice. However, you can still book your stay for 2021. To find out more visit our blog. Dismiss