http://www.euractiv.com/terms
HomeTerms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
03-01-2010
(updated:
11-09-2020
)
Languages: Français | DeutschComments Print Email
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp
For Commercial Terms and Conditions click here.
EURACTIV Media Network BV is registered in the Netherlands, Evert van de Beekstraat 354, 1118CZ Schiphol. VAT no: NL859865034B01
EURACTIV Media Network BV (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the following websites with their newsletters (collectively called the “Service”):
www.euractiv.com and its subdomains, including  http://jobs.euractiv.com/, http://pr.euractiv.com/, http://agenda.euractiv.com/, www.events.euractiv.com
www.euractiv.fr
www.euractiv.de
www.blogactiv.eu
Access to and use of euractiv.com and its newsletters (‘website’) is provided by EURACTIV Media Network BV (‘EURACTIV’). EURACTIV may, at its discretion, change these Terms and Conditions (‘terms’). If you (‘user’) do not agree to be bound by these terms, you should not use the website or subscribe to its newsletters.
1. Content of the Website
(a) While the information contained within the website is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided on this website is correct, complete, and/or up-to-date.
(b) The contents contained on the website are provided for general information purposes only and do not constitute legal or other professional advice on any subject matter.
(c) EURACTIV does not accept any responsibility for any loss which may arise from reliance on the contents contained on the website.
(d) This website and its contents are provided ‘AS IS’ and ‘AS AVAILABLE’ without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
(e) User agrees to use the website and its contents only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the website and its contents. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene, untrue or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within EURACTIV.
2. Copyright and Trademarks
(a) All copyright, trademarks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered or unregistered) on the website and all contents (including all applications) located on the website shall remain vested in EURACTIV or its licensors.
(b) The names, images and logos identifying EURACTIV or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trademarks of EURACTIV and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring any licence or right to use any trademark, design right or copyright of the EURACTIV or any third party.
(c) Photographs have the copyright of the source credited in the text under them.
3. Use of the Website
(a) Permission is given for the downloading and temporary storage of the website for the purpose of viewing on a personal computer.
(b) The contents of the website are protected by copyright under international conventions and, apart from the permission stated, the reproduction, permanent storage, or retransmission of the contents is prohibited without prior written consent.
(c) Occasional republishing (once a week or less frequently), for non-commercial use is allowed only with indication of the source and by linking to the original article. Any other use is subject to syndication and is allowed only with prior approval of EURACTIV and may be subject to a fee. For details in this sense please contact: communication@euractiv.com.
4. Third Party Content and Websites
(a) Some contents (including links, letters to the editor, blog posts and comments to articles) of the website are supplied by a third party and may lead to other websites, including those operated and maintained by third parties (‘Third Party Content’).
(b) EURACTIV includes Third Party Content solely as a convenience to its users, and the presence of such contents does not imply EURACTIV’s responsibility for them, for the linked website or an endorsement of the contents or the linked website or its operator.
(c) The Third Party Content must be civil and tasteful. It must not be disruptive or offensive. It must not contain unlawful content, inappropriate usernames (e.g. vulgar, offensive etc.) or off-topic material.
(d) Advertising in Third Party Content is not allowed unless prior written approval of EURACTIV has been given.
(e) By sharing any Third Party Content (including any text, photograph, graphics or video) with EURACTIV you grant to EURACTIV, free of charge, permission to use the material in any way it wants (including modifying and adapting it for operational and editorial reasons) for EURACTIV services. In certain circumstance EURACTIV can share your contribution with third parties.
(g) Address Third Party Content to the editor at editor@euractiv.com.
5. Privacy Protection
User’s personal information will be protected in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) EU 2016/679 and our Privacy Policy and will not be given, sold, traded or rented to third parties, unless specifically mentioned.
6. Newsletters
A user who no longer wishes to receive EURACTIV’s newsletters may opt-out by clicking on an unsubscribe link on the bottom of a newsletter and following the link.
7. Force Majeure
EURACTIV will not be liable or deemed to be in default for any delay or failure in performance or interruption of the delivery of any content resulting from any cause beyond its control, including but not limited to failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other problems, computer viruses, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, severe weather, earthquakes or natural disasters, strikes or other labour problems, wars, or governmental restrictions.
8. Indemnity
Users agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless EURACTIV, its partners, clients, employees, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, liabilities, penalties, settlements, judgments, fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from (i) any Content that the user or anyone may submit, post or transmit to the website (including Third Party Content); (ii) the user’s use of the EURACTIV services; (iii) the user’s violation of these Terms; and (iv) any violation or failure by user to comply with all laws and regulations in connection with the Services.
9. Jurisdiction and Arbitration
(a) These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes.
(b) If any provision of this agreement is held by a court of jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
(c) Any cause of action of yours with respect to these terms must be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction within one year after the cause of action has arisen, or such cause will be barred, invalid, and void.
10. Contact
Address your feedback to info@euractiv.com.
Brussels Network Office
International Press Centre
1 Boulevard Charlemagne, boite 1,
B-1041
Bruxelles
Belgium
Switchboard: +32 (0) 2 226 58 10
Fax: +32 (2) 2 226 58 20
Commercial Terms and Conditions
Click here to download the print version of this document.
Updated September 24, 2018.
I. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
I.1. Contracting Parties
(a) The wording of these Commercial Terms and Conditions is binding on the Contracting Parties, i.e. the Client and the Provider.
(b) The Client – an organisation entering into a written contractual agreement with the Provider (e.g., EurActor, Sponsor, Advertiser, CrossLingual EU Projects, Syndication partner, Client of the Agenda, JobSite or Press Release Services).
(c) The Provider – EURACTIV Media Network BV operating the website ‘euractiv.com’ (‘the Site’) and providing services of an EU online medium. The Provider is registered in Netherlands, Evert van de Beekstraat 354, 1118CZ Schiphol  VAT no: NL859865034B01
I.2. Introductory Provisions
(a) These are considered to be the Commercial Terms and Conditions of the Provider.
(b) These terms and conditions are applicable to the Provider and its Clients as of 16 October 2014.
(c) The Commercial Terms and Conditions form an integral part of any contract between the Client and the Provider.
(d) A contract between the Client and the Provider is established on the basis of a written order – also in the form of electronic mail and electronic order forms (hereinafter the ‘Order’).
(e) Unless the Provider informs the Client within two (2) business days after having received an order that it does not accept certain conditions of the Order, the conditions mentioned in the Order will be deemed valid for the relationship between the Contracting Parties.
(f) A contract between the Client and the Provider is also established if the Client accepts a proposal from the Provider to change the conditions of an Order. Then the contractual relations are governed by the latest agreed conditions.
(g) The agreed conditions of the contractual relations may be amended or cancelled only on the basis of the express agreement of the two Contracting Parties.
I.3. Subject Matter of the Performance
The subject matter of the performance is the provision of services connected with the Provider’s line of business, in particular the performance of provision of services provided for Advertisers, Sponsors, EurActors, CrossLingual EU Projects, Syndication partner and Clients of the JobSite, Agenda and Press Release Services (hereinafter the “Job”) according to the requirements specified in the Order.
I.4. Editorial Independence
The Provider works on the basis of editorial independence and does not limit its coverage to its Clients. Its principles are explained in euractiv.com’s Editorial Mission and Editorial Charter.
I.5. Contract Renewal and Termination
(a) The contract Renewal applies to Sponsors and EurActors.
(b) The contract Renewal occurs automatically one year after the date of signature (‘Renewal Date’), and each subsequent year, unless either party cancels the contract by registered mail at the latest one month prior to the Renewal Date. The price of each renewal will rise by 5 percent, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Contracting Parties at the latest one month prior to the Renewal Date.
(c) If requested by the Client, the Provider offers an achievement meeting and provides an annual report about the services provided, advertising implemented and statistics 6 weeks prior to the renewal date.
I.6. Conditions Governing Unused Job
(a) Any Job, which was ordered, but has not been used by the Client until the Renewal Date (e.g. advertising, job adverts), can not be transferred into the period after the Renewal Date, unless agreed by written consent of both Contracting Parties.
(b) Transfer of this Job in favour of other organisations is not possible, unless agreed by written consent of both Contracting Parties.
I.7. Clients Mentioned in Publications
Clients may be mentioned (with logo and/or name) in the Provider’s print and electronic publications. The Provider provides this as a service to the Client to increase its visibility in EU circles and through its EU Network. If a Client wishes not to be mentioned in such publications, it should mention this to the Provider and include this into the Order.
I.8. Copyright and Trademarks
The Provider is not liable for any possible consequences connected with any infringement of copyright.
I.9. Cooperation and Trust
(a) The Client commits, until one year after the end of any agreement, not to recruit passively or actively any individual member of the Provider’s team, be it full time or part time, as employee or service provider, without prior written consent of the Provider.
(b) The Provider welcomes enquiries and proposals made by intermediates such as agencies or consultancies on behalf of other companies that are new prospects, not yet in contact with the Provider. In such cases, the Provider respects the value of the contacts and ideas provided, and aims to respect the role of the intermediate, including – if requested – their wish to be informed of contacts with that customer.
I.10. Privacy Protection
(a) The Provider will protect any personal or Client’s information provided to it. The Provider is committed to protect privacy and will not sell, trade or rent private information to third parties, unless specifically mentioned.
(b) The Provider undertakes to maintain confidentiality regarding any dealings connected with the subject of the performance.
(c) Given that a physical person’s image is classified as personal data by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the client has the obligation to comply with current data protection legislation and the GDPR, with regard to filming on behalf of the client. EURACTIV doesn’t hold any responsibility in the event of complaints concerning misuse of personal data that might arise from the multimedia products created and distributed within the scope of a contract with the client.
I.11. Price
All prices in the price list of services are exclusive of VAT. VAT will be applied according to Dutch VAT rules.
I.12. Terms of Payment
(a) The Provider is entitled to issue an invoice as soon as a Job is completed in accordance with the Order or as soon as the Client becomes a Sponsor or a EurActor.
(b) The price of the Job will be paid on the basis of the invoice issued by the Provider, the maturity of which will be specified in this invoice.
(c) The Client should pay for the Job in one instalment within the period specified below, counted from the invoice date to the Provider’s UK bank account, unless otherwise stated in the Order. If the payment conditions in the Order conflict with these Terms, the former should apply.
Client Payment is due in the following period after invoice has been issued
Press Release Client – 15 calendar days
Agenda Client – 15 calendar days
JobSite Client – 15 calendar days
Advertiser – 15 calendar days
EurActor – 15 calendar days
Sponsor – 15 calendar days
Syndication partner – 15 calendar days
CrossLingual EU Projects – 15 calendar days unless specified otherwise in the contract
I.13. Late Payment
If a Client does not pay on time after a reminder, the Provider reserves the right to (i) charge interest of 5 per cent per month applied on the amount invoiced excluding VAT from the initial due date, (ii) remove any advertising material or references to the Client from the Site, (iii) take any legal steps.
I.14. Defective Job
(a) A completed Job is considered defective if it has not been performed in accordance with the Order.
(b) In all other cases, the Job shall be considered to have been performed properly.
I.15. Complaints
(a) Any complaints will be made in writing. The complaint must state the grounds for the complaint, and describe the nature of the defects.
(b) If the Provider recognizes the Client’s complaint as justified, it shall provide a revision of the Job at its own expense.
I.16. Deadline for Complaints
(a) Any claims arising out of the liability for defects cease to be valid if they are made belatedly.
(b) The Client is obliged to file any claims based on any defects in a Job without undue delay immediately upon discovering such defects.
I.17. Withdrawal from the Contract
(a) Either Contracting Party has the right to withdraw from the contract if, after entering into the contract, insurmountable impediments arise on its part which prevent it from fulfilling its obligations.
(b) The Contracting Party withdrawing from the contract must inform the other Contracting Party of this fact in writing.
(c) The Provider is not liable to the Client for damage incurred due to the non-performance of a concluded contract if it is a result of unforeseeable and unavoidable events the occurrence of which the Contractor could not have prevented (see paragraph I.20 below).
I.18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes.
(b) In case of difficulty to implement or interpret these Terms, it will be submitted to arbitration by one arbiter designated by common agreement of the Contracting Parties, within one month of one party requesting it. In case the parties cannot agree on a joint arbiter, within one additional month, each one will designate one arbiter, and both arbiters will designate a third one. The parties will be bound by the findings of the arbiter(s).
(c) The language of proceedings will be English and the legal principles will be those of English law and case law.
I.19. Severability/Survival/Statute of Limitations
(a) If any provision of this agreement is held by a court of jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
(b) Any cause of action of the Client with respect to these Terms must be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction within one year after the cause of action has arisen, or such cause will be barred, invalid, and void.
I.20. Force Majeure
The Provider, its affiliates and its information providers will not be liable or deemed to be in default for any delay or failure in performance or interruption of the delivery of the Content resulting directly or indirectly from any cause or circumstance beyond its or their reasonable control, including but not limited to failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other problems, computer viruses, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, severe weather, earthquakes or natural disasters, strikes or other labour problems, wars, or governmental restrictions.
I.21. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
The Provider reserves the right to amend or modify these Terms or impose new Terms and Conditions at its convenience. Either Contracting Party will be deemed to have accepted all the new changes 24 hours after they become effective on the Site.
Contact finance@euractiv.com for more information.
II. ADVERTISING
II.1. Introductory Provisions
The following conditions apply to those Clients using the Provider’s advertising services on the Site, its partner web sites and in the Newsletters published by the Provider (the ‘Advertisers’).
II.2. Advertising Services
The Job is the provision of advertising services (‘Advertising’) specified by the Advertiser in the Order and media plan on the agreed dates and delivered in the agreed manner.
II.3. Organization of Advertising
(a) Advertising is organized in amount of weeks, starting on Monday and ending on Sunday the same week, unless agreed otherwise by the Contracting Parties.
(b) After initial agreement, the Provider will first send a proposal of a media plan mentioning the period and position of advertising materials on the Site and in its newsletters. The Provider will also attach a proposal of an Order based on the initial agreement.
(c) By delivering the Order signed to the Provider, the Advertiser undertakes to accept the media plan and the completed Job and to pay the final price for the Job.
II.4. Advertising Exclusivity
Unless explicitly stated in the Order, the Advertiser’s Advertising on the Site or on its sections or in its Newsletters is not exclusive, i.e. the Advertiser shares the same advertising position with other Advertiser(s).
II.5. Creation of Advertising Material
(a) After reception of the Order, advertising material will be created according to Advertising Specifications either by the Advertiser or by the Provider.
(b) The Advertiser can provide the Provider with its own Advertising Material: (i) the Advertising Material submitted by the Client must be in line with EURACTIV’s Advertising Specifications; (ii) the Advertiser submits the Advertising Material by at least 5 business days before the start of the campaign.
(c) If the Advertiser requests so, the Provider designs the Advertising Material for the Advertiser: (i) the Provider will request visual and text material from the Advertiser which will be used as an inspiration for creating Advertising Material; (ii) once the Advertising Material is created by the Provider, it will send it to the Advertiser for approval, with a limit of three drafts including the final version for publication. Further drafts may be subject to a fee. Any Advertising Material created by the Provider will remain its own property and may not be re-used without prior written permission.
II.6. Responsibility for the Advertising Material
(a) In both cases the Advertiser accepts full responsibility for the messages and content of the Advertising Material. The Provider reserves the right not to publish a part or the whole Advertising Material, without any indemnity, even if its contact person initially acknowledged the Advertising Material, if it considers it aggressive, inappropriate, too ‘flashy’ or for any other reason.
(b) The Provider does not accept advertisements that expand outside of the designated ad space, without prior written agreement.
II.7. Contact
Email to advertising@euractiv.com if you would like to receive more information regarding the Provider’s services for Advertisers.
III. EURACTOR MEMBERSHIP
III.1. Intorductory Provisions
(a) The following conditions apply to Clients with a EurActor membership agreement (‘EurActors’).
(b) EurActor membership is a permanent status, supporting an organisation’s networking and communication in EU circles, signed initially for one year with an automatic renewal (see sub-section I.5 above).
III.2. The Services Provided for EurActors
(a) The Job is the provision of services specified by the EurActor in the ‘Order’ and may include:
i. advertising (conditions of section II above. Advertising apply),
ii. highlighting the Client’s events in the EURACTIV Agenda,
iii. supporting the Client’s recruitment needs by publishing its vacancies on the EURACTIV JobSite,
iv. inviting the Client to selected events organised by the Provider,
v. publishing the Client’s logo on all EurActor print and online lists,
vi. including the Client’s name in EURACTIV contributors’ lists.
III.3. Notification in the case of changes
The Provider undertakes to do its best to achieve exposure for EurActors similar to that indicated in the order form or exchanged correspondence before the membership starts. It reserves the right to modify these when necessary and will inform the EurActor of any major changes.
III.4. Contact
Email to euaffairs@euractiv.com if you would like to receive more information regarding the Provider’s services for EurActors.
IV. SPONSORSHIP
VI.1. Introductory provisions
(a) The following Terms apply to Clients with a sponsorship, corporate reputation or communication partnership agreement (the ‘Sponsor’).
(b) Sponsorship is a form of public support of the Sponsor to the Provider. The Provider aims at helping efficiency and transparency of the “Community of EU Actors” through the provision of information on EU affairs, mainly online.
(c) Sponsorship is support for: (i) either the whole policy platform or (ii) for a more informed debate on a given section (or sub-section such as a country profile).
(d) The Provider reserves the right to create other types of sponsorship, including for example country sponsorship, or content media and event partnerships.
(e) Sponsorship is for one year, for one language version (English unless stated otherwise). Sponsorship is automatically renewed according to these Terms (see sub-section I.5 above).
IV.2. No-influence of the Sponsor
(a) The Provider is a neutral media platform for all EU actors, providing no lobbying services. As a UK Public Limited Company, the Provider is subject to auditing requirements and to publication of its accounts.
(b) Sponsors exercise no direct influence on the editorial content nor are they meant to support this content.
IV.3. The services provided for Sponsors
(a) The Provider will provide visibility to the name and/or logo of the sponsor. This includes presence on the Sites, which shall be accessible to the public for free, and on paper publications, as well as mentions at press conferences, if any are held. Should it wish so and state it with reasonable notice, a sponsor may decline the presence of its logo on any of these media.
(b) The Job is the provision of services specified by the Client in the ‘Order’ and may include:
i. Visibility and section focus – organized according to the following table
Type of Sponsor
Visibility and association to sections
CrossLingual Sponsor
Three sections on the Site
Partner websites*
General Sponsor
Associated to two sections on the Site
Section Sponsor
Associated to one section on the Site
ii. Logo visibility and name mention – Sponsors enjoy a high level of permanent logo visibility and name mention. The visibility on the Site is provided through the Sponsor’s logo and link to the Sponsor’s corporate web site. The visibility in the Newsletters is provided by mentioning of the name of the Sponsor and a link to the Sponsor’s corporate web site. The visibility is provided according to the following table:
Type of Sponsor
Places for visibility
CrossLingual Sponsor
Homepages of all language versions
Homepage of euractiv.com partner web sites*
3 euractiv.com sections
General Daily and Weekly Newsletters
3 Sections’ newsletters
General Sponsor
Homepage at least English language version
2 euractiv.com sections
General Daily and Weekly Newsletters
2 Sections’ newsletters
Section Sponsor
Homepage at least English language version
1 euractiv.com section
1 Sections’ newsletters
iii. Exclusivity – Section and General sponsors have no exclusivity. CrossLingual sponsors have exclusivity as sponsors of their sections versus organisations focused on the same sector, if they were present before these other organisations. A qualifying Sponsor can veto the sponsoring on the same section by a third party that is a direct competitor, defined as focusing on the same industry or service sector, narrowly defined. An incumbent Sponsor has five (5) business days to express its right to exclusivity, after the Provider mentions a relevant case, after which the new sponsor is assumed approved. Exclusivity does not apply to logo visibility for CrossLingual sponsors on participating partners web sites, or to advertising or EurActors.* The partners are independent organisations for which the Provider takes no responsibility, neither editorially, nor for their communication.
iv. Editorial impact: LinksDossiers – the Sponsor may execute its Editorial impact by suggesting two topics for LinksDossiers per section it sponsors and per year. These are subject to agreement with the editorial team. These LinksDossiers topics are approved if they are relevant to EU policy debates and taking the readers’ viewpoint. They are written and updated by the Provider’s team, in the same editorially independent manner as news, pointing to a variety of policy positions. The Provider frequently publishes LinksDossiers not suggested by Sponsors. With the support of CrossLingual PLUS sponsors, the Provider also opens localised sections on all participating partner web sites, in which a significant amount of the content is localised. CrossLingual sponsors can suggest one LinksDossier per year to be translated and localised by the partner policy portals.
v. Editorial impact: Special Reports – the Sponsor may execute its Editorial impact by suggesting a topic for an Editorial Special Report. These are subject to agreement with the editorial team. These Special Report topics are approved if they are relevant to EU policy debates and taking the readers’ viewpoint. They are written and updated by the Provider’s team, in an editorially independent manner. A Special Report consists of at least one article on the designated topic per day for 5 business days. The Sponsor benefits from logo visibility and advertising on the relevant Special Report pages. The Provider frequently publishes Special Reports not suggested by Sponsors. (Association to a Special Week can replace the suggestion of a LinksDossier topic, if agreed in writing by both parties.)
vi. Advertising (conditions of section II above. Advertising apply).
vii. Networking and event association – Sponsors may be invited to public events organized by the Provider, including: (i) Stakeholder Workshops, (ii) Conferences. For an additional fee, Sponsors may become associated with these events. In that case, they have logo visibility on the invitations and programmes, they are publicly mentioned during the event and may have a speaking slot and input on programme and participants’ list. Sponsors may also suggest topics for the Provider’s workshops, to which they would then be associated if the suggested workshop takes place. (Association to a workshop can replace the suggestion of a LinksDossier topic, if agreed in writing by both parties.)
viii. Press releases – the name of a Sponsor will be mentioned in a background note about Sponsors. Press releases are distributed to most EU press corps, and in some cases to other selected policy makers, NGOs and federations.
IV.4. Modularity of Services
Services of the sponsorship package are modular, allowing for sponsors to easily replace one service with another, upon agreement with the Provider. The following services are of equal value and can be interchanged: (i) 6 weeks of advertising on euractiv.com website and newsletters; (ii) 3 weeks of CrossLingual advertising: banner campaigns on up to 10 EURACTIV partner portals; (iii) 1 LinksDossier. ’Editorial impact’: suggestions for EU policy topics to be covered by the Provider in the form of a LinksDossier; (iv) 1 EURACTIV Stakeholder Workshop: association with a workshop topic of interest to Client (with speaker slot, thematic input and logo on programme); (v) 1 Special Week; (vi) 1 Event blog on Blogactiv.eu.; (vii) 6 weeks banners can be interchanged with 2 video statements.
IV. 5. Notification in the case of changes
The Provider undertakes to do its best to achieve exposure for sponsors similar to that indicated in the order form or exchanged correspondence before the sponsoring starts. It reserves the right to modify these when necessary and will inform sponsors of any major changes.
IV.6. Contact
Email to euaffairs@euractiv.com if you would like to receive more information regarding the Provider’s services for Sponsors.
V. FASTACTORS
V.1. EURACTIV Agenda Clients
(a) The following conditions apply to Clients using the services of the EURACTIV Agenda (‘Agenda Clients’).
(b) The euractiv.com Agenda service is a reference tool for EU-related events. It is searchable and organised chronologically.
(c) The EURACTIV Agenda creates awareness of the Client’s activities.
(d) The featured agenda events may appear, apart from on the main Agenda page, also on specific section pages of the Site and in the Newsletters.
(e) Email to agenda@euractiv.com if you would like to report errors, inadequacies or provide other feedback to the Provider.
V.2. EURACTIV JobSite Clients
(a) The following conditions apply to Clients using the services of the EURACTIV JobSite (‘JobSite Clients’).
(b) The EURACTIV JobSite is visited by well-educated to accomplished professionals throughout Europe, who are committed to European affairs.
(c) It supports its Clients in their recruitment needs by publishing their job openings on jobs.euractiv.com, on the Site and in its Newsletters.
(d) The Provider reserves the right to publish JobSite Client’s job openings on other supporting platforms, in print and online (e.g., Facebook and Twitter).
(e) In order to ensure the sustainability of this service, the JobSite Client: (i) agrees to send to the Provider any information necessary to enable the EURACTIV JobSite to provide those Services; (ii) must inform the contact at the EURACTIV JobSite within one business day if its job opening has been modified, cancelled or made unavailable before its expiry date; (iii) may request a change on the job description before the expiry date (extra charge may apply).
(f) The Provider has the right to reject any job posting at its own discretion. Job descriptions indicating intention to discriminate on grounds of sex, race, religion, ethnicity or disability should not be send to the Provider.
(g) Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the job advert is published as soon as possible, the Provider will publish the job within two working days after it has been ordered at the latest.
(h) Jobs remain published for a maximum of 30 days, unless otherwise agreed in writing with the Provider.
(i) The JobSite Client can terminate the publishing of a vacancy before its expiry date by email to eujobs@euractiv.com. The job will be moved off the EURACTIV JobSite list within two business days.
(j) Email to eujobs@euractiv.com if you would like to report errors, inadequacies or vacancy violations of these Terms.
V.3. Press Release Service Clients
(a) The following conditions apply to Clients using the services of the EURACTIV Press Release Service (‘Press Release Clients’).
(b) The Press Release Service publishes press releases and other advocacy or policy material on pr.euractiv.com, on the Site and/or in its Newsletters to enable journalists, bloggers and other EU Actors and readers to acquire news from the EU community.
(c) Third parties may use the content of the Press Release web site in part or whole only if quoted properly. Other uses are prohibited unless the Provider’s written consent has been given prior to use.
(d) Whilst every effort has been made to ensure Press Release items are published as soon as possible, the Provider will endeavour to publish the item within two working days after it has been ordered.
(e) Press Releases will remain on the Press Release Service site and its section pages for as long the Provider sees fit.
(f) Email to pr@euractiv.com if you would like to report errors, inadequacies or provide other feedback to the Provider.
Contribution terms and conditions
EURACTIV Media Network BV (‘EURACTIV’) would like to offer a chance for EURACTIV’s supporters to contribute to EURACTIV sustainability and thereby enable its mission to bridge European capitals.
Contributions are leveraged by EURACTIV to support its editorial operations. These Terms and Conditions govern the ties between EURACTIV and every contributor.
1. AGREEMENT
By offering a contribution, a contributor agrees and acknowledges that:
The contribution is provided to EURACTIV as an irrevocable gift, subject to any exercise of the contributor’s right to receive a refund as mentioned below and EURACTIV’s right to pay back any contribution at its discretion;
The contribution are leveraged by EURACTIV to support its editorial operations; and
The contribution is offered subject to those Terms and Conditions, that shall represent a lawfully binding agreement between the contributor and EURACTIV (the “Agreement”), entered into by every party in regard of the other’s obligations within these Terms and Conditions.
2. RECURRENT CONTRIBUTIONS
You approve to pay the elected contribution amounts on a periodic basis. Recurrent contributions may be modified within the manage my account section.
You must give EURACTIV the complete and correct payment data at the time you off your recurrent contribution. Payment for your continued contribution may be created by credit card or Paypal. Your payments are taken on a rolling basis and your continued contribution can continue unless and till it’s over by either party in accordance with the provisions of section five (Refunds and Cancellation of Contributions).
3. CONDITIONS
Contributions are accepted from people and from legal entities. Individual contributors should be aged eighteen or over. The maximum total contribution from anyone is €2,000 or equivalent.
4. ADMINISTRATION OF CONTRIBUTIONS
All contributions to EURACTIV shall be offered through the contributions page on one of EURACTIV platforms. Contributions are accepted by EURACTIV for the duration of the Contribution program. At the moment the contribution is processed, EURACTIV becomes lawfully and beneficially entitled to the totality of the contribution. The contributor shall receive no benefit in exchange for any contribution and shall have no right to influence the editorial policy or output of EURACTIV.
5. REFUNDS AND CANCELLATIONS
EURACTIV is authorised to refuse or pay back any contribution in its discretion, for example but not limited to wherever it believes that approving the contribution would conflict with the mission, values or interests of EURACTIV. Contributors are entitled to receive a refund of their payment for up to seven days once payment is received by notifying EURACTIV by recommended letter. Any request for refund received by EURACTIV after that period is ineligible. Recurrent contributions may be interrupted within the manage my account section.
6. TRANSPARENCY OF CONTRIBUTIONS
EURACTIV is authorised to request the complete name and contact data of the contributor; request from the contributor the other data that are deemed necessary or valuable to source a contribution; and undertake any investigation it deems useful to establish the source of a contribution. If the contributor refuses to supply the requested data, EURACTIV might refuse and pay back the contribution to the contributor at its discretion.
7. CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROMOTION
Contributor is not entitled to promote its contribution or otherwise market themselves or any connected person or business in reference to their contribution, except with the prior written approval of EURACTIV. This restriction does not prevent contributors from using promotional tools made available by EURACTIV (e.g. social sharing buttons on contribution pages).
8. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
Neither EURACTIV nor any related team member, employee, agent, officer or director shall be responsible for any loss suffered by any donator, including but not limited to loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business or anticipated savings, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of information, and whether or not caused by wrongful conduct (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, except in respect of any liability that can not be excluded or restricted by applicable law.
Contact EURACTIV
EURACTIV Media Network BV
Evert van de Beekstraat 354,
1118CZ Schiphol
the Netherlands
Brussels Address:
Brussels Network Office
International Press Centre
1 Boulevard Charlemagne, boite 1,
B-1041, Bruxelles
Brussels Phone: +32 (0) 2 226 58 10
Brussels Fax: +32 (2) 2 226 58 20
Emails:
Editor: editor@euractiv.com
Finance/Invoice: finance@euractiv.com
Advertising: advertising@euractiv.com
EurActors: euaffairs@euractiv.com
Sponsors: euaffairs@euractiv.com
Agenda: agenda@euractiv.com
JobSite: eujobs@euractiv.com
Press Release Service: pr@euractiv.com
CrossLingual EU Projects: euprojects@euractiv.com
Syndication partner: networkmanager@euractiv.com
Languages: Français | DeutschComments Print Email
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp
AdvertisementSupportersEURACTIV MembersPopular articles1EU gives Hungary and Poland 24 hours to lift veto2Contribute to EURACTIV3EU countries feel 'numb' about Turkey ahead of critical EU summit4Paris eyes Recovery Fund for 25 member states5Denmark and Norway team up to build world’s largest hydrogen ferry6Caught in gay 'sex party' in Brussels, Fidesz MEP resigns7Russia’s Trojan Stream under the Black Sea8EU bets on blue hydrogen 'to break chicken-and-egg problem'9Paris eyes Recovery Fund for 25 member states10Four countries pledge night-train nirvana in Europe Advertisement
Comments
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Subscribe to our newsletters
Subscribe
Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens
1999-2018.
EURACTIV MEDIA NETWORK BV.
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact us
By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookiesI agree
×
Do you value our reporting? We need you!
Your financial support helps build the future of our network of newsrooms across Europe.
Contribute to our reporting
Contribute
The need for fast, accurate and balanced information is always important. We value EURACTIV's good, independent journalism and support this initiative
Mella Frewen, Director General of FoodDrinkEurope
EURACTIV plays a vital role in bringing Europe closer to its citizens. EURACTIV has long recognised that the story of Europe has to be told across the continent, and not just in Brussels. We need to support a truly European and informed debate.
Susan Danger, CEO, AmCham EU