https://www.feedthechildren.org/resources/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Feed the Children understands your concerns about privacy and your interest in knowing how your information is used and safeguarded, and we have drafted this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to provide you with more information on these topics.  We value your trust and assure you that we will always strive to be responsible in our management, truthful in our advertising, and cost-effective in our fundraising.
This Privacy Policy describes the practices, policies and procedures for the collection of personal information through all of our communication channels as well as visitors to our Website located at www.feedthechildren.org (the “Website”), it includes the types of information we collect when you make a donation either online or offline, and includes how we may use that information and with whom we may share it.
Opt-Out Preferences
If you would like to discontinue receiving emails you may do so by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in emails we send you; by updating your member profile on our website; by emailing us at info@feedthechildren.org; or by calling us at 800-627-4556.
We do not sell or rent our mailing list to other organizations that solicit donations or sell any products. However, in order to enhance our fundraising strategies and reduce our costs, Feed the Children exchanges portions of our donor lists (names, home address)  with select nonprofit organizations via membership in certain nonprofit “cooperatives”.  These exchanges help us in our fundraising  and outreach efforts. Please note that you will automatically be included in these data-sharing exchanges unless you opt out;  if you prefer not to participate in the list exchange and want to opt out, you can email us at info@feedthechildren.org any time with “do not exchange” in the subject line of the email, or call us at 800-627-4556 and let us know that you do not want your name and address shared. Please include your full name and address so we can properly identify your record. In every case we will do our best to promptly respond to your request to not be included in such mailing/email exchanges.
You can also tell us how often you would like us to contact you by postal mail or you can email us at any time with your change at info@feedthechildren.org or call 800-627-4556. Please note it may take 5-8 weeks for the change to go into effect due to the production lead times for postal mailings.
Summary
The notifications provided by this Privacy Policy include:
What personally identifiable information we collect from you, and how we use the information we collect.
Opt out preferences.
Information from other sources.
With whom the information may be shared, and the kind of procedures we employ in an effort to hinder the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of information you provide to us.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of your information.
Information related to third-party websites.
How you can make changes to the information we collect about you.
The laws that apply to those accessing our Website from outside of the United States.
How you can learn about changes to our privacy policies, practices and procedures.
How to contact us regarding privacy questions or preferences.
Special provisions related to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation
IMPORTANT:
By visiting this Website, you are accepting the practices, policies and procedures described herein, and you are further indicating that you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not visit or use the Website. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. The date this Privacy Policy was last updated is stated at the end of this document. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
The Information We Collect
Personal Information You Provide And How It Is Used: You may freely visit our Website anonymously and without being required to provide us with any personal information. However, certain services, requests and features do require that you provide us with some personally identifying information (including, but not limited to, name, address, email) as more particularly described below; availing yourself of any of these services, requests and features is voluntary. Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact you. Please note that we may use the personal information we collect through any of the services, requests and features listed below for general marketing and business purposes, and we may also collect and record any other relevant information you share with us about yourself.
We do not knowingly collect sensitive personal information, such as information about medical or health conditions. Please do not send confidential information to us directly through this Website, or by email to any of the contact email addresses listed on this Website.  Examples of instances in which we may collect personal information include:
Quick Registration & Full Registration: If you opt to register as a user of our Website, you can do so either via “quick” or “full” registration, and both will require certain personally identifiable information, such as first and last name and email address.
Sponsor a Child: If you choose to sponsor a child, you will be required to provide certain personally identifying information, including your first and last name, postal address, email address, country of origin and credit card information.
Donate: If you make a donation, we will ask you to provide certain personally identifying information, such as your name and home address, as well as your credit card billing information, in order to process the donation. The credit card information that you provide at the time of donation is used only to process your donation and will not be stored (unless you opt to make a recurring donation) or used for any other purpose. We may also collect from you the name and address of a gift recipient in order to fulfill a tribute gift. When you provide us with personal information related to a “gift recipient”, we will only use this information to fulfil your request and complete the transaction.
Fundraise: We provide you the opportunity to create an online fundraising campaign for a variety of Feed The Children initiatives.  If you opt to participate, you will be required to provide us with certain personally identifying information, and if you contribute using your credit card, we will use the information only to process your contribution and your credit card information will not be stored or used for any other purpose.
Volunteer: We provide you the opportunity to volunteer in your community in an effort to address and remedy childhood hunger. If you choose to volunteer, you will be required to create a profile of yourself and complete a volunteer application, which will require you to provide a variety of personally identifiable information.
Texting: If you have provided us with your name and phone number, we may periodically send you text messages/alerts.  You can end these messages at any time by texting STOP to 51555.
Email Signup: If you opt to receive our email newsletter we will ask you to provide us with your first and last name, and your email address.   If you would like to discontinue receiving emails,you may update your email preferences by using the "Unsubscribe" link found in emails we send you, at your member profile on our website, or by emailing us at info@feedthechildren.org or call 800-627-4556.
Employment Applications: We post certain career opportunities on our Website. If you are interested in learning more about any of these opportunities, you will be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information and other information about yourself via our online application process.
Contact Us: If you contact us through the contact form options (for example to get more information related to sponsoring an event, or for general questions) on the Website, we will ask that you provide certain personally identifying information, including your first and last name, email address, country of origin and email address, and you will have the option to provide additional personally identifying information. We will use the information you provide to contact you back and to respond to any requests.
Information from other sources: We may receive information from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have. This helps us to be efficient stewards of the funds entrusted to us and allows us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide giving products and services that may be of interest to our constituents.
Non-Personal Information We Collect by Automated Means And How We Use It: We also collect certain non-personal information (data in a form that does not support direct association with any specific person or individual) by automated means when you visit the Website. Much of this information is collected through the use of third-party tracking services, which includes Google Analytics. The information collected may include usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of users to the Website, pages visited, web browsing histories, online purchases and searches, social networking activities and similar data. If gathered, this data is used in the aggregate, and not in a manner that is intended to identify you personally. This type of aggregate information may be shared with third parties at any time. In addition to the third-party tracking services mentioned above, we also collect this information through various other means, including "cookies," "web beacons" and IP addresses, as further explained below.
Cookies - We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. A cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used for a variety of reasons, including to improve a user’s website experience. Many cookies last only through a single website session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them. There are a variety of types of cookies. Feed the Children uses "performance cookies" in order to enhance the user experience and for other website related purposes. These cookies collect information about how our Website is used, including which pages are most viewed, how long someone stays on a webpage, and whether any error messages were received. “Functionality cookies” may also be utilized; these cookies allow the Website to remember information you have provided in order to provide a more customized experience. Neither session cookies nor functionality cookies are linked to personally identifiable information. We may also use “required cookies,” which provides us the ability to store a user name or related login credentials so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our Website. Please note that these required cookies will be associated with the personal information that you provide. Although you are always free to opt out from providing such information to us, the result is that you may not be able to avail yourself of some features of our Website.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. However, as mentioned elsewhere, without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all the features, functionality and resources available on our Website. Please note, that in some cases, Feed the Children may also use another company to operate web servers for our Website. Feed the Children uses the cookie information gathered by these companies in the same manner as stated in this Privacy Policy.
Web Beacons - Certain pages on the Website contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. Web beacons also may be used to track whether you have opened an HTML email. When the email is opened, a part of the code that makes up the HTML page calls a web server to load the web beacon that then generates a record showing that the email has been viewed. Web beacons may also recognize when the email was opened, how many times it was forwarded and which URLs (links within the email) were clicked. We use Web Beacons to better understand your behavior, tell us which part of the Website you have visited and to save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are instructed not to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our activities on behalf of hunger and children.
IP Addresses - When you visit and interact with the Website, Feed the Children and third parties with whom we have contracted to provide services for us may collect Internet Protocol addresses (each an "IP Address"), as well as browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and page navigation. An IP Address is a unique identifier number that certain electronic devices use to identify and to communicate with each other on the Internet; your Internet Service Provider automatically assigns an IP Address to the computer that you are using. We gather this information to track website visitor movement in the aggregate, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Our goal in gathering this information is to learn how our customers and the public are using our service. We may use this information to enhance our Website or for other lawful purposes.
Do Not Track - Every time your computer sends or receives information over the Web, the request begins with some short pieces of information called “headers.” These headers include information like what browser you are using, what language your computer is set to, and other details. The Do Not Track technology provides individual users with the ability to include a simple, machine-readable header indicating that they don’t want to be tracked, and sends a signal to Web sites’ visited requesting that the website disable either its tracking or cross-site user tracking of an individual user. Currently, various browsers – including Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera and Safari – offer a “do not track” option. Presently, there is no consensus on how Do Not Track should be interpreted, and no common or accepted industry standard for implementing. Consequently, please note that Feed the Children’s Website does not currently respond to browsers’ Do Not Track signals, and as such your activities will be tracked, regardless of whether you have opted to enable the Do Not Track option offered by your browser.
Back to top
How We May Share Your Information
We may disclose all of the information (described herein) that we collect, as stated in this Privacy Policy including in accordance with the terms set forth in this section. Feed the Children works with a variety of third-party partners in order to allow us to make the Website available to you, to host and store the information we collect from you, and to provide certain functionality and features. We also work with third-party fundraising partners, and in such cases we will share your personally identifiable information. Otherwise, we do not reveal personally identifiable information about you to third parties for their independent use unless: (1) you expressly authorize Feed the Children to do so, (2) it is necessary to allow Feed the Children and it’s service providers or agents to provide services on Feed the Children’s behalf, (3) in order to provide products or services to you, (4) it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing or data aggregation services for Feed the Children, (5) it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Feed the Children or the merger of Feed the Children into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which Feed the Children is not the survivor, (6) otherwise as Feed the Children is required or permitted to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (i) to comply with a subpoena, legal process, government request or any other legal obligation, (ii) to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of the Website or our network, and/or (iii) to protect the rights, privacy, property, business, or safety of Feed the Children, their partners and employees, the visitors of the Website, or the public.
Back to top
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors less than 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, ask your parent or guardian to assist you while accessing/viewing this Website. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at info@feedthechildren.org.
Back to top
Third Party Website - Links & Integration
We also provide links to a variety of third-party social media platforms  – such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram – and other platforms as a service to you or in order to provide you additional information related Feed the Children or additional venues in which you can learn about and discuss the activities of Feed the Children. We may use various “social listening tools” to help us track your activities related to Feed the Children on these platforms,  and we may store that information in our systems.  We may also use your name and email address on these platforms to serve you “targeted” ads. Please note that we have no affiliation with these other third-party platforms, and cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection, use, and disclosure practices of such third parties; we encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices and policies, if any, before using providing any personally identifying information to them. When you link to one of social media platforms - or otherwise visit these platforms - the personal information you share may be visible to other users, and may be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. We are also not responsible for the content or information of these platforms, any products or services that may be offered through advertisers or third parties, or any other use of the links.
Back to top
How We Attempt To Safeguard Your Information
Feed the Children uses security technologies including firewalls and Secure Socket Layers to help protect the Personal Information we collect from you through our Website. Our policies restrict access to Personal Information to those employees and service providers who need to know the information in order to provide you the services that you use. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect Personal Information.  However, no website, application or transmission can guarantee security. Thus, while we have established and maintain what we believe to be reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personally identifying information obtained through the Website and we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Therefore, you hereby understand, acknowledge, and agree that you transmit certain personal information over this Website at your own risk. Back to top
Your Information And Your Choices
To the extent required by law, we provide you with (i) reasonable access to the personally identifiable information you provide to us, and (ii) the ability to review, correct and delete such personally identifiable information. If you believe that any of the personally identifiable information that you have submitted through our Website is no longer accurate, or you wish to make any updates or changes, you may do so by logging into the account you have created and proceeding to the “manage your subscriptions” option. If you do not have an account with us, you can request that we make the changes by emailing us at info@feedthechildren.org. Upon appropriate request we will update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use any information previously obtained to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate and lawful. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Please note we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed from such locations. Finally, we are not responsible for removing or deleting information from the databases of third parties (such as service providers) with whom we have shared information about you. If you no longer wish to receive communication from Feed the Children, click here to complete an online request to be removed.
Back to top
Use Of The Website From Outside The United States
We do not represent or warrant that the Website, or any part thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any particular geographic location. If you choose to access our Website, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations applicable in your jurisdiction. Please note that the Website is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Website, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Back to top
Privacy Questions And Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or any other questions, please contact us at PO Box 36, Oklahoma City, OK 73101-0036, call 800-627-4556 or email info@feedthechildren.org.
Back to top
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check back regularly to see if there have been any changes to this policy, which you can determine by reviewing the Effective Date listed below. By continuing to use the Website after those changes become effective, you consent and agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Back to top
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Please note that the California Online Privacy Protection Act permits website users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), enacted in 2018, creates new consumer rights relating to the access to, deletion of, and sharing of personal information that is collected by businesses. By its express provisions, the CCPA generally does not apply to nonprofit entities.
If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please send an email at info@feedthechildren.org, or write to us at:
Feed the Children, Inc. P.O. Box 36 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73101-0036
Back to top
SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR RESIDENTS OF EUROPEAN UNION AREA, SWITZERLAND AND UNITED KINGDOM
Your privacy is important to us.  Please note, in May of 2018 a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) went into effect. Pursuant to GDPR, we are required to provide those residing in the EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom (hereinafter, the “EU Users”) additional information and rights related to the “Personal Data.”  Feed the Children ("Feed the Children", "we" or "us") has developed this General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Notice (the "GDPR Privacy Notice") to provide additional information about how we handle personal information (“Personal Data”) collected via our website (located at www.feedthechildren.com hereinafter the “Website”) that is subject to GDPR when we are the controller of that information. The following provisions apply only to EU Users.
PURPOSE OF THIS NOTICE
This GDPR Privacy Notice explains how we process Personal Data that is subject to GDPR, and also sets out individuals' rights related to our processing of such Personal Data.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Website Use
As noted in our Privacy Policy, you may visit our Website without being required to provide us with any Personal Data.  However, should you decide to provide such information, the information we collect will be used to meet your requests, or to provide you with the applicable information or service requested, and as further described herein.
Purpose and legal bases for our use of your Personal Data
Justification for Use of Personal Data
Our processing of Personal Data is justified by a "legal basis", that is, a specific condition. We may use Personal Data for the following purposes, in each case as justified by a legal basis:
Website Administration
We use may use your Personal Data for the effective administration of the Website, to fulfill and/or address your requests (such a processing a donation), or to provide the functionalities and features as further described herein.
Additional Use: Business administration and legal compliance
We use Personal Data for the following business administration and legal compliance purposes:
To enforce our legal rights. To investigate and/or settle inquiries or disputes.
To comply with any applicable law, court order, other judicial process, law enforcement requests or the requirements of a regulator.
To maintain our records and to fulfil transactions.
To process business transaction data, such as in connection with a merger, or a restructuring, or sale.
To use as otherwise required or permitted by law, consistent with these purposes.
Marketing and promotions
We may use Personal Data for marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send you news and newsletters, or to otherwise contact you about you, by email and direct (postal) mail. We may also use it develop new services and determine how to market our services.
Donor insight and analytics
We use Personal Data to better understand how you and others use our Website, so that we can improve our Website and services, develop new features, tools, offerings, services and the like, and for other research and analytical purposes. We also use the information we collect to measure the effectiveness of our online content and how visitors use our Website and our services. We may use this information and the insights we have derived for marketing purposes or to make decisions about events, news and information that may be of interest to clients, prospective clients, Website users and others.
Prevent misconduct, abuse and misuse
Subject to our professional and ethical duties, we use Personal Data where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or violations of our Terms of Use. We also use Personal Data to protect and secure the Website and our information systems and networks.
THIRD PARTY CONTRACTORS AND OTHER DATA PROCESSORS
We may appoint subcontractor data processors as required to deliver the services, such as, without limitation, IT systems or software providers, IT Support service providers, and document and information storage providers, who will process Personal Data on our behalf and at our direction. We conduct an appropriate level of due diligence and put in place contractual documentation in relation to any subcontractor that ask that they process Personal Data appropriately and according to our legal and regulatory obligations.
YOUR INFORMATION AND YOUR CHOICES; WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT
GDPR provides EU Users with additional rights in respect to the Personal Data we hold about you, including the following rights:
• Your right of access
If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if necessary, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
• Your right to correction (rectification)
If the Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to request to have it corrected. If you are entitled to have information corrected and if we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, we will also tell you, where possible and lawful to do so, with whom we have shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
• Your right to erasure
You can ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it or if you withdraw your consent (where applicable). If you are entitled to erasure and if we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, we will also tell you, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, with whom we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them directly.
• Your right to restrict (block) processing
You can ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data or you object to us. If you are entitled to restriction and if we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the restriction where it is possible for us to do so. If you ask us, we will also tell you, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, with whom we have shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
• Your right to data portability
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of Personal Data we've obtain from you in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format, and to reuse it elsewhere or to ask us to transfer this to a third party of your choice.
• Your rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it's based on automatic processing, including profiling, if it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you, unless such profiling is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
• Your right to withdraw consent
If we rely on your consent (or explicit consent) as our legal basis for processing your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
• Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
If you have a concern about any aspect of our privacy practices, including the way we've handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the relevant supervisory authority.
Please note that some of these rights may be limited where we have an overriding legitimate interest or legal obligation to continue to process the Personal Data, or where the Personal Data may be exempt from disclosure due to applicable law, the applicable rules of professional conduct, attorney-client privilege, legal professional privilege, other applicable privileges or protections, or professional secrecy obligations.  Additionally, there may be circumstances in which we are not legally required to comply with your request because of the laws in your jurisdiction or because of exemptions provided in data protection legislation in general, and GDPR in particular. Finally, please note that we are not responsible for removing or deleting information from the databases of third parties (such as service providers) with whom we have shared information about you, but we will make the request on your behalf for such removal/deletion.
WHERE WE TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Feed the Children is located in the United States; when you submit personal information to us, or when others provide personal information to us, we will receive it and process it in the United States.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY/NOTE TO PARENTS OF CHILDREN RESIDING IN THE EEA, SWITZERLAND AND UK
Except as may be provided by a parent or guardian, we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors to our Website that are less than 16 years of age; please note that if you are a parent or guardian we ask that you do not provide confidential or sensitive information – including any medical or health related information - to us directly through this Website, or by email to any of the contact email addresses listed on this Website. If a child under the age of 16 submits information to us through any part of the Website and we becomes aware that the user submitting the information is under the age of 16, the information provided will be deleted as soon as it is discovered and not used for any purpose. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 16 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at the contact information stated below and be sure to include in your message the same user name and password and/or email address that you believe your child submitted, if applicable.
The Right to Lodge a Complaint
Please note that you have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of your information/data with your local supervisory authority.
How to Contact Us:
Feed the Children, Inc., is the owner and operator of the Website. If you need to contact us for any reason related to this Privacy Policy or your use of the Website, please contact us at info@feedthechildren.org, or write to us at:
Feed the Children, Inc. P.O. Box 36 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73101-0036
Privacy Policy Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 4, 2020.
About Us
Annual Report & Financials
Leadership
Our History
News & Press Releases
Careers
How You Can Help
Donate Now
Give monthly
Sponsor a child
Matching gifts
Planned giving
Stocks and bonds
Volunteer
Resources
Corporate partners
Community partners
Teacher store
Media Kit
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
State Disclosures
Contact Us
Feed the Children is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. Tax ID: 73-6108657. Donations and contributions are tax-deductible as allowed by law.
© 2020 Feed the Children     333 N. Meridian, Oklahoma City, OK 73107     800-627-4556