https://www.gibsondunn.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Version: September 30, 2016
This Privacy Policy applies to the website and online services offered Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP (hereinafter “Gibson Dunn“)  through the domain gibsondunn.com, including any mobile application or version of the site (collectively, the “Site“), and explains the types of information collected through the Site, and how such information may be processed, utilized, or shared. By using the Site, you, the user, agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you cannot use, and must discontinue, any use of the Site.
Collection of Personal Information
Users may browse the portions of the Site that do not require entry of log-in credentials without registration, and without actively entering personally identifying information. However, certain information may be provided automatically by the user’s web browser or application when entering or utilizing the Site, including, as examples: IP addresses; other device identifiers; browser types; operating systems; access dates and times; and referring and exiting URLs.
Certain areas and services on the Site may ask users to provide personal information, including by completing forms on various webpages.  This may include providing personal information in order to register for Gibson Dunn’s client alerts or to register for events (e.g., a user’s name, organization, phone number, email address), or to apply for career opportunities with Gibson Dunn (e.g., employment and educational background, and other relevant identifying information).  Gibson Dunn will use this personal information for the purpose for which it was provided, as well as other purposes for which the user gives consent.
Users who register with the Site may be informed about client alerts, events, or other materials or activities. Users may opt out of receiving such direct marketing communications by sending requests to clients@gibsondunn.com.
Note that our servers are either located in the United States or, if located in the European Economic Area, data may be replicated to servers in the United States.
Use of Cookies
Gibson Dunn uses “cookies” (small data files) on its website in order to improve functionality and user experience. For detailed information about “cookies” and how they are used on the Site, please see the Cookie Policy.
Do Not Track Requests
Gibson Dunn does not currently respond or otherwise take any action with regard to “Do Not Track” requests.
Transfers of Personal Information
Gibson Dunn is an international law firm, with clients and offices located throughout the world, including in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and clients in Switzerland. Gibson Dunn may, from time to time, transfer personal information amongst its affiliates, amongst its offices, or to agents, representatives, or contractors providing services to Gibson Dunn; any such transfers to agents and contractors shall be solely for the purposes of providing services to Gibson Dunn.
Some such transfers may be overseas,  which may include transfers to countries outside of the EEA whose laws provide levels of protection for personal information that are not always equivalent to the level of protection that may be provided in the user’s own country.  Gibson Dunn may also store personal information on servers in the United States of America.
In certain limited circumstances, and in compliance with applicable laws, Gibson Dunn may share personal information with government authorities or others as required to protect the interests of Gibson Dunn or certain third parties; or as otherwise required for compliance with applicable law or legal process.
Gibson Dunn reserves the right to transfer any information about users in the event that Gibson Dunn, or any affiliate thereof, sells or transfers all or a portion of its business or assets.
Security Procedures
Gibson Dunn maintains appropriate technical and organizational security procedures in order to keep your personal information confidential, and protect users’ personal information against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration, in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. However, Gibson Dunn cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that users transmit to the Site.
In addition to such measures, Gibson Dunn maintains confidentiality policies that govern all information that any attorney or other personnel of Gibson Dunn receives in the course of his or her employment or association with Gibson Dunn.  All attorneys and personnel are made aware of these policies and Gibson Dunn has in place procedures to train all attorneys and personnel in the implementation of these policies.
Third Party Links
The Site may contain hyperlinks to websites of third parties. If users decide to follow such links, they must be aware that Gibson Dunn does not take any responsibility for the third party content or compliance of the third party website with data privacy laws. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third party content or sites. Users are encouraged to make themselves aware of applicable privacy laws and policies before they submit personal information to third party websites.
Children’s Privacy
Gibson Dunn does not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13. If Gibson Dunn is made aware that is has collected personal information from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is inconsistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, Gibson Dunn will delete this information as soon as possible.
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
Gibson Dunn reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time whereby relevant changes take effect for the future. The applicable version of this privacy policy is available on the Site.  Please check this privacy policy regularly, and before you submit additional personal information via the Site.
Gibson Dunn may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The user’s continued use of the Site after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute the user’s acceptance of the new terms. Gibson Dunn encourages users to periodically review this page for the latest information on the firm’s privacy practices.  IF THE USER DOES NOT AGREE TO FUTURE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THE USER MUST STOP USING THE SITE AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH CHANGES.
Users’ Rights and Contact
Users may at any time review their personal information stored by Gibson Dunn and request its correction or deletion. For this purpose and for other questions, comments or enquiries regarding the collection, processing and storage of your personal information by Gibson Dunn, please contact us via e-mail at:
mhewett@gibsondunn.com.
or in writing to:
Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP
Attn.: Office of the General Counsel
Martin A. Hewett, Assistant General Counsel
1050 Connecticut Ave., NW
Washington, DC 20036
United States of America
The local representatives for our offices in Europe [2] are provided at: https://www.gibsondunn.com/legal-notices/
All such requests will be handled in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws.
Any complaints concerning the privacy policy will be investigated, and if Gibson Dunn is unable to resolve the complaint to the satisfaction of all parties, the parties agree to utilize the dispute resolution mechanisms provided for by JAMS (see http://www.jamsadr.com/).
Top
This website uses cookies to provide analytics on user traffic. By continuing to browse our website, you consent to our use of cookies as set forth in our Cookie Policy. However you may visit Cookie Settings to customize your consent.Cookie SettingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
Cookies that tie into analytics systems, such as Google Analytics, YouTube and Vimeo analytics for embedded video, etc. The following are the cookies installed by the service: _ga, _gid, collect, vuid
Performance
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. The following cookie is installed by the Google Analytics service: _gat
Save & Accept