http://www.ursulinesjesus.org/privacy-notice.htm
Ursulines of Jesus United Kingdom/Ireland - Privacy Notice
1. Who we areUrsulines of Jesus is a Catholic religious congregation, operating in United Kingdom/Ireland. It is a Charity, with Registration No. 235342.2. What is personal data?“Personal data” means any information relating to a living individual who can be directly or indirectly identified from that information. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which is part of EU law.3. Who is the data controller?The data controller relevant to this privacy notice is the Ursulines of Jesus.4. What information do we collect about our clients?We collect information about you when you make an enquiry, on our prayer page, and in the normal course of providing those services to you.5. What information do we collect about our website visitors?Website usage information is collected using cookies. These are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet logs and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.You can set your browser not to accept cookies and you can also remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.6. How will we use the information about you?We collect information about you in order to respond to your enquiries, to manage any account you may have with us and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive such marketing, you may opt out at a later date. We may also use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website.7. Other websites Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy notice only applies to this website, so when you visit other websites through these links you should read their own privacy notices.8. Sharing personal dataPersonal data we hold is treated confidentially and with the utmost respect. Your data will only be shared for the purposes you consent to, unless, we are explicitly required to do so by law.In the normal course of business, we may share a limited and proportionate amount of your personal data with data processors, subject to your consent, for clearly stated purposes.If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this privacy notice, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.We will not share your information with any other company or third party for marketing purposes, without your consent.9. What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?The legal basis for processing your personal data is having a legitimate interest. A minimal amount of personal data is collected, stored and processed, solely for the purposes described above.10. Access to your information and correctionsYou have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please get in touch using the contact details at the end of this notice.We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information we store about you that you think is inaccurate.We will normally fulfil such requests, within one month of the request, for free. We may however make a charge for this service at our normal rates if a significant amount of time is required.11. Changes to our privacy noticeWe keep this privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.12. How to contact usIf you have any questions about our privacy notice or information we hold about you, or if you wish to make a complaint about the use of your personal data, please contact us:By email: kathleencurran009@gmail.com
By mail: St Anthony’s Presbytery, Maddiston Road, Rumford FK2 0SB
By telephone: 07719820154