https://www.riverocean.org/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
riverOcean is committed to protecting your privacy. We will never sell, trade or rent your personal information to anyone.
The information that you supply is held securely and strict security procedures are followed to prevent unauthorised access. It is used solely to process your orders and to provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Legal disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
We will take all reasonable care within our control to keep your information secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if an unauthorised third party accesses any data you provide when ordering from our website.
It is your responsibility to protect your password and account details from misuse. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of your failure to protect your password or account details.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website.
This website uses cookies to track your shopping basket contents, remember where you are in the order process, track if you are logged in and track the pages you visit via Google Analytics (anonymously).
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
The cookies used by this website are harmless and do not contain malware, spyware or viruses.
By continuing to use this website, you agree to allow the continued and safe use of the above mentioned cookies.
Search for:
Post Categories
Campaigns
Nature
News
Walks
Recent Posts
The Sea Trout of Sussex
The effect of climate change on children
Finish The English Coastal Path
Project Samphire – New finds from a recent Scottish marine archaeology survey
What it’s all about
Earth, Moon & Stars ShopLunar Calendars
Cards & Books
Tide Clocks
Sundials