http://www.forgeconsulting.com/privacy-policy
Call us: 855-879-3436
BLANK ROWS
Home
Clients
Family and Individuals
Attorneys
Services
Government Benefits Planning
Structured Settlements & Annuities
Trust Planning
Insurance Planning
Money Management
Structured Attorney Fees
About Us
The Team
AAJ Platinum Sponsor
Supporting Civil Justice
Testimonials
Speaking Engagements
Contact Us
Website Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Forge Capital
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyAt Forge Consulting LLC ("Forge") we understand your concerns about online security and privacy. Our goal is to ensure that your personal information and your privacy are both always respected. This privacy policy outlines Forge's steps for protecting the information you choose to share with us.We require your email address when you subscribe to our mailing address.We may track, collect and analyze anonymous site traffic information in aggregate, such as statistics of which areas within our website our users visit most frequently. When you visit the Forge website, our server may also collect your Internet domain and IP address. We use this information as anonymous aggregate data in order to help us develop and monitor our performance and track trends and statistics to improve your site experience. We do not combine anonymous information about your site visit with your personal information.As necessary, we need to share your information with third-party companies that assist us in managing our operations. For these purposes, we may transfer information between Forge and our preferred service providers who use that information to conduct Forge business. For example, a service provider may handle Forge's email distribution, information analysis, and promotions. We provide our preferred service providers with only the information they need to perform their services. We require that third parties hold this information we provide to them in strictest of confidence.This website may contain links to other sites which may take you away from our website. Forge is not responsible for the privacy practices or information-gathering practices of other sites.On rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our website policies, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.Unsubcribing, removing, or modifying your information:You may unsubscribe from any of our e-mail services at any time. To unsubscribe, please follow the instructions at the bottom of any promotional Forge email you receive. You can also send a request to
info@forgeconsulting.com. Please know that if you unsubscribe from any Forge communications you may still receive communications already in production due to production schedules.You can request a copy of the personally-identifiable information that Forge has collected about you via the Internet by contacting our Information Privacy Manager at the address below. You can also have factual inaccuracies in this information corrected or request that we delete this information by contacting this same person.Information you submit to us via e-mail:The terms of this privacy policy apply to any personally-identifiable information that you submit to us through the email form accessible from the “contact us” page of the website. For example, if you email us your contact information, we will maintain the confidentiality of such information in accordance with this privacy policy. However, if you submit any information, comments, ideas, or feedback through our website that are not personally-identifiable information, such as a suggested improvement to the website’s navigability, the information submitted is not and shall not be confidential and shall become the property of Forge in accordance with our website’s Terms and Conditions of Use, which you can access at this link.What happens to your information in the event that Forge is sold or transferred?In the event that Forge is sold, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information may be one of the transferred assets.Policy changes:We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. This policy became effective on March 17, 2017 and has not been modified.Contact information:If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please write to us at:Attn: Legal DepartmentForge Consulting LLC3350 Riverwood Pkwy Ste GL28Atlanta, GA 30339Or contact us via email at:info@forgeconsulting.com
DISCLAIMER
|
TERMS OF USE
|
PRIVACY POLICYForge Consulting is a national insurance agency. We analyze but do not provide investment, legal or tax advice. Advocacy Wealth, a Registered Investment Adviser, offers financial planning. Advocacy Trust offers fiduciary services. Forge is the parent company of both Advocacy subsidiaries.
The sword and shield are registered trademarks of Forge Consulting LLC.Securities and Insurance Products are NOT insured by the FDIC, nor by any other Federal or State Government Agency, are NOT a Deposit of and are NOT Guaranteed by a Bank or any Bank Affiliate, and MAY lose value.
Share by: