http://www.womeninblack.net/privacy-policy/
Home
U.S Visa
Will
Family Law
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Women In Black ("Women In Black") operates www.womeninblack.net and may operate other websites. It is Women In Black's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Women In Black collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Women In Black's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Women In Black's visitors use its website. From time to time, Women In Black may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Women In Black also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on www.womeninblack.net blogs/sites. Women In Black only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Women In Black's websites choose to interact with Women In Black in ways that require Women In Black to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Women In Black gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at www.womeninblack.net to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Women In Black are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Women In Black collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Women In Black. Women In Black does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Women In Black may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Women In Black may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Women In Black does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Women In Black discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Women In Black's behalf or to provide services available at Women In Black's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Women In Black's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Women In Black will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Women In Black discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Women In Black believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Women In Black, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Women In Black website and have supplied your email address, Women In Black may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Women In Black and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Women In Black takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Women In Black uses cookies to help Women In Black identify and track visitors, their usage of Women In Black website, and their website access preferences. Women In Black visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Women In Black's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Women In Black's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Women In Black, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Women In Black goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Women In Black may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Women In Black and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Women In Black may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Women In Black's sole discretion. Women In Black encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a www.womeninblack.net account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Follow us on PinterestExtra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjMGCTjaFog
Recent Posts
What you Need to know about the legality of CBD oil in all 50 States
How to Choose a Personal Injury Lawyer
Things to Expect When You File a Lawsuit Against a Pharmaceutical Company
Choosing the Right Female Sterilization Procedure
What to Consider Before Filing a Lawsuit
Reasons for Having a Will
Tips for Choosing the Best Child Custody Lawyer
Pages
Basics of Acquiring a U.S Visa
Contact Us
Meet The Team
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
LikeBox
Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar
More info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yn6MK_blDck
Privacy Policy |
Terms Of Service