https://www.cleanaircoalitionbc.com/privacy
PrivacyCAC Privacy Policy
The Heart and Stroke Foundation of BC & Yukon and the BC Lung Association, which make up the Clean Air Coalition of B.C. (CAC), are committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its employees, volunteers, members, clients and other stakeholders. We value the trust of those we deal with, and of the public. We acknowledge that maintaining this trust requires us to be transparent and accountable in how we treat the information you choose to share with us.
During the course of our daily work, we frequently gather and use personal information. Anyone from whom we collect such information should expect that it will be carefully protected and that any use of or other dealing with this information is subject to consent. Our privacy practices are designed to achieve this.
Defining personal information
We define ‘personal information’ as any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. Exceptions to this are business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses and telephone numbers published in telephone directories. Personal information may include an individual’s opinion or beliefs, as well as facts about, or related to, the individual.
Where an individual uses home contact information as their business contact information, we consider that the contact information provided is business contact information and is not subject to protection as personal information.
Privacy practices
Personal information gathered by the CAC is kept in confidence. Our staff and volunteers are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reasons for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We also take measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained and to prevent it being lost or destroyed.
We collect, use and disclose personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate, so that we may provide you with the services which you have requested, understand your needs and provide information about the work of the CAC, its professional societies, and related lung health matters. We routinely offer individuals we deal with the opportunity to opt not to have their information shared for purposes beyond those for which it was explicitly collected.
Updating of privacy policy
We regularly review our privacy practices for our various activities, and periodically update our policy and procedures.
How to Contact Us
Any questions or concerns about our privacy practices should be directed to:
Privacy Officer
British Columbia Lung Association
PO Box 34009 Station D
Vancouver, British Columbia  V6J 4M2
or at:
If, at any time, you wish to amend your personal information with us or remove your name from our mailing lists, simply inform us in writing at the address below or by e-mail, to the attention of:
Scott McDonald
Privacy Officer
BC Lung Association
2675 Oak Street
Vancouver, BC V6H 2K2
Email: privacy.officer@bc.lung.ca
Important Information
Please review the BC Lung Association’s Privacy Policy for further information.
The CAC editorial policy
The CAC does not endorse or recommend any commercial products, processes, or services. CAC maintains full editorial control of its website content. Commercial sponsors of this site are in no way involved with decisions regarding design, content, authorship, editorial policy, procedure or practice. Links to other Internet sites are provided for informational purposes and the convenience of its users. When users select a link to an external website, they are leaving the CAC website and are thus subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the external site.
CAC does not endorse organizations that sponsor linked, external websites. In addition, CAC does not endorse products or services that such organizations may offer. Furthermore, CAC does not control or guarantee the currency, accuracy, relevance, or completeness of information found on linked, external websites.