https://www.wilderness.org.au/about/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Terms & Conditions
Updated 6 September 2019. Please note that some sections may not apply to you.1. Membership & Local Organisation
By signing up for regular donations or annual membership you are granted membership of The Wilderness Society Ltd, and where relevant, your local Wilderness Society organisation. Your membership remains active for a period of 12 months (annual membership) or while your regular donations continue. If you move permanently to another location, we will transfer your membership to the relevant local Wilderness Society organisation, if any, in your new place of residence. Your membership of The Wilderness Society Ltd will remain unchanged.2. Donations
2.1 Donations to The Wilderness Society Ltd (The Wilderness Fund) over $2 are tax deductible unless otherwise identified. Ongoing regular donations are tax deductible and will be receipted at the end of financial year. 2.2 It is your responsibility to ensure that sufficient funds are in the nominated account when the payments are to be drawn. If sufficient funds are not available on the next debit day, and you have not notified The Wilderness Society per Point 2.5, your financial institution may deduct a fee from your account. This fee varies with each financial institution and will not be reimbursed by The Wilderness Society Ltd. 2.3 Complaints, grievances and disputes will be treated seriously, and in a timely manner, having due regard to procedural fairness and confidentiality. If you believe that there has been an error with your donation, you should notify us directly in writing or by email at info@wilderness.org.au as soon as possible so that we can resolve your query.  2.4 If you have opted in to an annual increase on your regular donation, it will be applied on the first business day of each year, and will be applied at the rate of 5% (rounded to the nearest dollar).  2.5 We may vary details of your agreement or direct debit request at any time by giving you at least 14 days written notice via email. If you wish to cancel, defer or alter a debit payment you must notify us by calling 1800 030 641 or emailing info@wilderness.org.au at least 14 days before the next donation day. Please provide your name, address, and supporter number, for ease of processing.
3. Direct Debit Authorisation
By giving your payment details to sign up to a regular gift or annual membership you are: 3.1 Authorising and requesting The Wilderness Society Ltd APCA 025183 to arrange for funds to be debited from your account at the financial institution identified and as prescribed below through the Bulk Exchange Clearing System (BECS). All details of the accounts to be debited have been supplied. 3.2 Authorising The Wilderness Society Ltd to verify the details of the above mentioned account with your financial institution. 3.3 Authorising your financial institution to release information allowing The Wilderness Society Ltd to verify the above mentioned account details.
Your account details will be kept private and confidential.
4. Direct Debit Request Service Agreement
4.1 Subject to 4.2 and 4.3 you may change the arrangements under a Direct Debit Request by contacting us on 1800 030 641 or info@wilderness.org.au. 4.2.i. If you wish to stop or defer one of your contributions you must notify us at least five (5) business days before the next debit day.  4.2.ii. You may also cancel your authority for us to debit your account and cancel your membership at any time by giving us fourteen (14) days notice before the next debit day. 4.3 The first direct debit of your account will occur on the selected date; ongoing regular direct debiting of your account will then occur at your selected frequency.
5. Privacy & Information Sharing
Our privacy policy and collection statement is available at wilderness.org.au/about/privacy.