http://www.everywitchway.co.uk/privacy-policy.phtml
Last orders for Yule - 14th December. Last Orders for Christmas - 18th December.
Stockists of Wiccan, Witchcraft, Pagan and Gothic Supplies and Gifts
My Account
Delivery & Returns
About Us
Contact
For all enquiries
44 (0)1377 241 063
Mon - Sat 9am - 5:30pm
View Basket
Total: £0.00
Home
Shop By Department
New arrivals
Summer sale
Alchemy gothic
Altar
Athames
Bags
Bathroom goodies
Bath salts/spells
Books
Book of shadows
Bowls
Boxes
Candles/holders
Cards/posters/prints
Cauldrons
Chalices
Clocks
Crystal balls
Crystals/stones/pendulums
Crystal medicine bags
Essential oils
Fairies
Gothic goods & gifts
Green man
Herbs & resins
Incense
Jewellery
Magnets
Mugs
Oil burners
Runes
Slate prints
Spells
Spirittalk boards/ouija boards
Wands
Clothes - dark side and jordash
Clothes - phaze
Clothes - spiral
Stargazer hair products & cosmetics
Manic panic hair products & cosmetics
Everything else
Gift vouchers
Spells
Spell Kits
Oils
Incense
Candles
Ingredients
Books
Ribbons
Knowledge Base
Wheel Of The YearSamhain/HalloweenAutumn Equinox/MabonSpring Equinox/OstaraImbolc/CandlemasThe Wiccan RedeMoon PhasesMercury in Retrograde DatesMaking IncenseCandle Colour CorrespondencesEssential Oil - Magickal PropertiesColour CorrespondencesCrystal and Stone PropertiesFor Warding Off ColdsStargazer Semi Permanent Hair DyesYour Page
Find Us On:
FREE UK DELIVERY
When you spend £50.00*
Next Day Dispatch
Available on all products
GIFT VOUCHERS AVAILABLE
Treat someone special today
Information
About Us
Testimonials
Delivery & Returns
Contact Us
Knowledge Base
Wheel Of The YearSamhain/HalloweenAutumn Equinox/MabonSpring Equinox/OstaraImbolc/CandlemasThe Wiccan RedeMoon PhasesMercury in Retrograde DatesMaking IncenseCandle Colour CorrespondencesEssential Oil - Magickal PropertiesColour CorrespondencesCrystal and Stone PropertiesFor Warding Off ColdsStargazer Semi Permanent Hair DyesYour Page
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018
Should you wish to contact us in relation to data protection, you can find our up to date contact information on our web site.
If you believe we store or process information about you, you can e-mail us to request a copy of this information and/or information about how we use this information. We will then take steps to verify your identity, before responding to your request. There is no fee payable for this service. If we do hold information about you, and you find it to be inaccurate, you may provide accurate information and ask us to correct this. You may also request that we erase data that we hold about you, or request that we refrain from processing it in a particular way, which, after verifying your identity, we will comply with where there isn't an overriding legal reason for us to continue to store or process your data in this way.
If you have any reason for complaint in regards to how we handle personal data please contact us immediately. You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office.We will not transfer personal data outside the EU and the UK.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make significant changes we will let you know but please regularly check this policy to ensure you are aware of the most updated version.
When we store/process personal data
What data we store/process
The purpose(s) of storing/processing this data ("The purpose")
Categories of recipients that we may disclose this data to and the purpose of such disclosure
Time limits
Consequences of revoking permission for us to store/process this data or failing to provide the data
When you place an order with us
Your name, invoice address, delivery address, telephone number and e-mail address along with the items you've ordered and any (optional) password you chose to set with us.
- To allow us to fulfil your order.
- To perform fraud checks on your order and your future orders to ensure your orders are genuine.
- To comply with tax and accountancy laws relating to record keeping.
- To allow you to easily see a list of your previous orders.
- To allow us to help you if you return a product to us or need more information or support about a product or order you've placed.
- To allow us to issue refunds to you.
- In case there is a product recall that we need to inform you about.
- To allow you to place future orders more easily.
- To subscribe you to our e-mail newsletters, unless you object to this and to customise the offers and marketing information we send to be more tailored to you (also see the section below, about when you subscribe to our email newsletters).
- Our suppliers that run the secure servers that power our web site (to allow us to obtain and use your data).
- Our payment system providers, including our bank (to allow us to take your payment and verify your order is genuine).
- Our courier(s) to allow them to deliver your order.
- Our product suppliers where a product is being delivered directly from one of our supplier's warehouses, to allow them to dispatch your product(s).
We plan to keep this data for as long as is necessary in order to ensure we can continue to fulfil the items listed in "The purpose" column.
We will not be able to fulfil your order, offer you a refund, give you product recall information, or fulfil any of the other items set out in "The purpose" column.
Your payment details, including where applicable: any refund information, your card details, details sent to us from PayPal or other payment intermediary and your card address.
- To perform fraud checks on your order and your future orders to ensure your orders are genuine.
- To allow us to take payment from you.
- To allow us to issue refunds to you.
- To allow you to place future orders more easily.
- To comply with tax and accountancy laws relating to record keeping.
- Our suppliers that run the secure servers that power our web site (to allow us to obtain and use your data).
- Our payment system providers, including our bank (to allow us to take your payment and verify your order is genuine).
We plan to keep this data for as long as is necessary, in order to ensure we can continue to fulfil the items listed in "The purpose" column, with the exception of full card details (except the last 4 digits which are kept for fraud prevention reasons) which are removed 13 months after they are last used.
We may be unable to fulfil your order, and/or your future orders.
We may be unable to issue refunds to you.
How you found our web site, along with the date and time and your IP address and the web browser and/or type of device you used to place the order.
- For fraud prevention purposes - to ensure your order and your future orders are genuine.
- For statistical purposes to allow us to see how effective our advertising and marketing is (helping us to have a more informed approach to future advertising and marketing).
Our suppliers that run the secure servers that power our web site (to allow us to obtain and use your data) and help to run our advertising.
We plan to keep this data for as long as is necessary, in order to ensure we can continue to fulfil the
items listed in "The purpose" column.
We may be unable to fulfil your order, and/or your future orders.
Which pages of our web site you have looked at, along with the date and time and your IP address and the web browser and/or type of device you used to place the order.
- To allow us to tailor product recommendations, offers and other marketing to you to make it more interesting/targeted.
- For statistical purposes to allow us to see how effective our advertising and marketing is (helping us to have a more informed approach to future advertising and marketing).
Our suppliers that run the secure servers that power our web site (to allow us to obtain and use your data) and help to run our advertising.
24 months, after which we will only store this data in an aggregated, statistical format that will render the kept data completely unidentifiable.
We will not be able to tailor the information we send to you as effectively.
If you clicked an advert to find our site, we may also store which of our advert(s) you clicked on, the date and time you clicked our advert, your approximate estimated location at the time you clicked, the weather at the time you clicked.
- For statistical purposes to allow us to see how effective our advertising and marketing is (helping us to have a more informed approach to future advertising and marketing).
Our suppliers that run the secure servers that power our web site (to allow us to obtain and use your data) and help to run our advertising.
24 months, after which we will only store this data in an aggregated, statistical format that will render the kept data completely unidentifiable.
No consequences to you.
When you subscribe to our e-mail newsletters
Your email address, the date and time you subscribed and how you subscribed.
- To send you details of special offers, new products, and other general marketing information.
- To allow you to unsubscribe from our email newsletter service at any time.
The suppliers of the software and service that allows us to technically send e-mails to you.
We plan to keep this data for as long as is necessary in order to send you e-mails, or in the case that you may have requested we no longer send you emails, in order to ensure that you don't receive any future marketing emails from us.
We will no longer send you marketing emails, but if we don't store your email address and you place a future order with us, you will then start to receive marketing emails again.
The best way to ensure you do not receive marketing emails from us is to use the "unsubscribe" link within one of the emails we have sent to you.
Which of our newsletters you have opened, and (if applicable) which areas in our newsletters that you have clicked on.
- To allow us to tailor product recommendations, offers and other marketing to you to make it more interesting/targeted.
- For statistical purposes to allow us to see how effective our advertising and marketing is (helping us to have a more informed approach to future advertising and marketing).
The suppliers of the software and service that allows us to technically send e-mails to you.
24 months, after which we will only store this data in an aggregated, statistical format that will render the kept data completely unidentifiable.
We will not be able to tailor the information we send to you as effectively.
When you contact us via a form on our web site
The information that you have entered into the form, your IP address, how you found our web site.
- In order to respond to and/or fulfil your message/request.
- In order to ensure your message is genuine.
-
For statistical purposes to allow us to see how effective our advertising and marketing is (helping us to have a more informed approach to future advertising and marketing).
Any suppliers necessary in order to fulfil your message/request and check your message is genuine.
Our suppliers that run the secure servers that power our web site (to allow us to obtain and use your data) and help to run our advertising.
This will depend on the need to keep your information, which will depend on the nature of your message/request.
We will be unable to fulfil your request or respond to your message.
Security measures to protect the data: All of the data detailed above is collected via our web site/system which offers a secure connection for any data you provide and the data is stored and used securely, with only authorised personnel (and authorised personnel of our suppliers) having access to your data in order to carry out "The Purpose" (as listed above). In addition the processing of any card data complies with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) and your (optional) password will only be stored in an encrypted format and never in "plain text".
© Copyright 2020 Every Witch Way
About Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map