http://www.fusion.uk.com/privacy
Online Privacy Policy
Fusion is committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to our website and our service users; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
We will do all we can to protect your privacy and to make sure any personal information you share with us is stored securely. In line with our Christian beliefs our aim is to be as clear as possible about how and why we use the information you give or share with us. Our processing of personal data is governed by the Data Protection Bill/Act 2017-2019 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the ‘GDPR’ and other legislation relating to personal data and rights).
If your questions are not fully answered by the information below, please contact our Data Protection Lead Our via our contact information found here. We also have a Data Protection Policy that governs how we use the information that we collect about you.
DATA PROTECTION STATEMENT
Fusion UK’s data protection statement is as follows:
Keeping your data secure is very important to us. By providing your personal details you agree to allow Fusion to contact you either on the basis of the consents you have given us or for our Legitimate Interests in accordance with current data protection regulations. We will never make your personal data available for marketing purposes to external individuals or organisations. For more information email hello@fusionmovement.org
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We collect personal information each time you are in contact with us. For example when you become a partner, make a donation, book into an event, request a resource, give your details to a Fusion speaker at an event or send us an email.
Fusion UK does not receive or hold any credit card details for donations and payments made via our websites. All credit card payments are handled by our agents GoCardless, Stripe and PayPal. Secure Server Software (SSL) is used to encrypt all credit card information sent from this website. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at:
GoCardless
PayPal
Stewardship
Stripe
VirginMoney
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We collect information about you for the following reasons:
To provide you with information about our work including mailings, event information and resources and to tailor this kind of information according to your location and expressed interests;
To ask for financial and non-financial support, such as prayer;
To process donations you give us and to ensure they are recorded correctly;
Enable your use of the services available on the website;
Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to Fusion’s websites or apps;
To keep records of your relationship with us. For example, what events you have attended, what enquiries or complaints you have made, what areas of our work you have supported, or what resources you have ordered;
To customise the information and appeals we send to ensure we work in the most cost-effective way and only send information that is appropriate to you;
To enhance or improve your experience on our website. When you indicate your preferences through your use of our site, we may use this information to personalise the site to better meet your needs;
We do not collect data for the purpose of selling information to 3rd parties.
Keeping us up to date with your details and contact preferences
Please tell us as soon as any of your contact details change so that we can keep our records up to date. You can change the way we contact you or the kind of material we send you at any time by contacting us by mail, phone or email using the contact details above. You can unsubscribe from our regular emails at any time by using the ‘unsubscribe’ or ‘change preferences’ links on the email you have received.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us;
Information about your visits to, and use of this website, including information about your device;
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website and application services; email notifications and/or newsletters.
WHO SEES YOUR INFORMATION?
The information we collect will be used exclusively within Fusion UK. We do not pass any of your personal information to any other organisations and/or individuals without your express consent, with the following exceptions:
Name and address details are passed to mailing houses to enable fulfilment of partner, customer and fundraising mailings and resources that you have requested. These may include Fuse magazine, print or physical resources, fundraising and other information as required and requested.
Where such details are shared we have confidentiality agreements in place that restrict the use of your information to the purpose for which it is provided and ensure it is stored securely and kept no longer than necessary. All agents we share details with are also compliant with data protection law.
To minimise the risk of unauthorised disclosure of your information, we may use some of your information to verify who you are when you contact us.
We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURE?
We take the security and protection of your personal information extremely seriously. We will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
All electronic information is stored securely with restricted access via secure login credentials. On the rare occasion that we store physical records, appropriate levels of security are employed to ensure restricted access and protected storage.
OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The information that you provide to Fusion will be used to provide you with information about our work including partner-related mailings, events, resources, fundraising, training and other services and activities described on our website.
By providing information you are agreeing to receive communications from Fusion UK that enable us to service you within the context of the contact and relationships.
As Fusion grows as a worldwide movement, with legally independent Fusion affiliates across the globe, information which Fusion UK receives will be shared with Fusion in your nation so that you are able to access the services which Fusion provides in your location.
Fusion uses MailChimp to send regular emails. By providing us with your details you are giving Fusion your express permission to transfer your data to MailChimp. If you do not give this permission then Fusion will not be able to send emails to you via this service provider or to provide news and updates about the movement.
Each time you receive an email you will be able to update your preferences and subscribe or unsubscribe from regular emails.
Fusion may carry out analysis of the personal information we collect about you and add publicly available information to create a profile of your interests, preferences, level and form of partner support so that we can contact you in the most appropriate way and with the most relevant information.
At Fusion Events we take photos and filming for promotional and archival purposes, it is likely that these photos will appear on our website and promotional materials. If you would prefer not to be photographed please make this known to the photographer or a member of the Fusion team. For further information please contact hello@fusionmovement.org.
How long do we keep your information?
The length of time we keep the information you have given us depends on the context in which you provided it.
We will only keep information that is necessary for us to provide partner updates, resources and services, and for statistical purposes.
We will keep records of any financial transactions you enter into with us for a minimum of six years. This will enable us to meet with accounting requirements and respond to any questions from you that arise during that period. Gift Aid declarations and transactions must be kept for a minimum of 12 years after the Gift Aid is no longer valid.
SUMMARY OF YOUR RIGHTS
Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included here. You should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights. In brief, your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority;
(h) and the right to withdraw consent.
VIEWING THE INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU
You may request details of all the information Fusion UK holds about you by submitting a written request to our Data Protection Lead. Please write to: Fusion, Unit 7, 30 Meadow Lane, Loughborough, Leicestershire, LE11 1JY. Or telephone 01509 268505. Or email hello@fusionmovement.org
COOKIES
We make use of cookies to enable us to analyse how visitors to our websites are using them and what pages they are visiting. This enables us to customise and personalise the content on our website. Cookies make the interaction between users and websites faster and easier. Without cookies it would be very difficult for a website to allow a visitor to fill up a shopping cart or to remember the user’s preferences or registration details for a future visit.
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties. For example, when we use a service such as YouTube to embed videos on our websites you may be sent cookies from them via our site. Please look at the cookie and privacy policies on these third-party sites if you want more information about this.
We also use third party suppliers such as Facebook, Eventbrite and Jotform, and these suppliers may also make use of cookies. As some of these third-party services may be based outside of the UK and the EU they may not fall under the jurisdiction of UK courts.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an Internet user’s hard drive. It is generated by a web page server which is basically the computer that operates a website. The server sets the information the cookie contains and that server can use it whenever the user visits the site. A cookie can be thought of as an Internet user’s identification card which tells a website when the user has returned.
The methods for refusing to accept cookies and to delete cookies vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can, however, obtain up to date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
Chrome
Firefox
Opera
Internet Explorer
Safari
Edge
Note that blocking all cookies will have a largely negative impact upon the usability of many websites and if you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on our website.
Use of external tools on our website
We have integrated various tools from different companies into our website, which allow us to evaluate user behaviour or to establish links with other websites.
Google Analytics
We have integrated the component Google Analytics on this website. Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analysis is the gathering, collection and analysis of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. Among other things, a web analysis service collects data on which website a data subject has come to a website from (so-called referrers), which subpages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a subpage was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used to optimize a website and for the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising. The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
You may prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: tools.google.com/ This browser add-on informs Google Analytics via JavaScript that no data and information about website visits may be transmitted to Google Analytics.
A cookie already set by Google Analytics can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs. Further information and Google‘s applicable privacy regulations can be found at policies.google.com/privacy and marketingplatform.google.com/about/ The following link provides a further explanation of Google Analytics marketingplatform.google.com
Our website also uses Google Analytics performance reports relating to demographics and interests and reports on Google Display Network impressions. You can disable Google Analytics for display advertising and customize the ads on the Google Display Network by visiting the ad settings at this link: adssettings.google.com.
Facebook / Instagram
With your consent, we will use Facebook's "tracking pixel". This pixel can be used to track user behaviour after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook and / or Instagram link. This allows us to record the effectiveness of Facebook and Instagram advertisements for statistical and market research purposes and, if necessary, to take optimization measures. The tracking of users who have landed on our website after clicking on one of our Facebook and Instagram links can remain active for upto 180 days.
The data collected in this way is anonymous for us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, about which we will inform you to the best of our knowledge. Facebook may connect this data to the Facebook account and also use it for its own advertising purposes, according to its data usage policy. If you want to disable cookie storage for Facebook, you can do so via your browser settings.
Facebook Communication Tools
We also use Facebook communication tools, especially the "Custom Audiences" and "Website Custom Audiences" products. Basically, a non-reversible and non-personal checksum (hash value) is generated from your usage data, which can be transmitted to Facebook for analysis and marketing purposes. If you want to refuse the usage of Facebook’s “Website Custom Audiences”, you can do so by following this link: facebook.com/ads/
In addition, we use Customer Match Lists within the framework of our Facebook advertising activities, for instance for “Lookalike Audiences” and remarketing. To use Customer Match, lists of encrypted user data are uploaded to Facebook. After the upload, the system checks which data is already known and places these users in a list. After creating the customer match lists, the encrypted customer data is automatically deleted. Facebook does not gather new addresses in this way.
OUR DETAILS
This website is owned and operated by Fusion UK. We are a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales [No. 3679369] and a registered charity [No. 1073572]. Our registered office is at: 30 Meadow Lane [Unit 7], Loughborough, Leicestershire, LE11 1JY.
Our principal place of business is at our registered office.
You can contact us by post, using the address given above; using our website contact form here; via email at hello@fusionmovement.org or by telephone on 01509 268505.
AMENDMENTS
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page each time that you consider giving personal data and occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
This policy was last updated in July 2020 and will be subject to regular review.
More Info
Who we areWhat we doTerms & ConditionsGet in touch