http://www.who-umc.org/about-us/privacy-policy/cookies/
Privacy policy
Cookies
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that websites you visit can place on your computer in different ways to remember you and your visit as well as contribute to a better experience and functionality for you. Cookies are used on most websites and are not harmful to your computer.
In accordance with the Electronic Communications Act, which took effect on July 25, 2003, all users visiting a website with cookies must be informed that the website contains cookies, how these cookies are used and how they can be avoided. More information is available on the National Post and Telecom Agency's website (see https://www.pts.se/)
Why does UMC use cookies?
Our website, like many others, stores and retrieves information on your browser using cookies. This information is used to make the site work as you expect it to and it can be used to give you a more personalised web experience. The information in these cookies is solely linked to your computer (via your IP address) and your visit to UMC’s website and logged in services. Some of these cookies are saved long-term on your computer (often referred to as persistent cookies) and others temporarily saved in your computer’s memory and disappear when you close your browser (often referred to as session cookies).
UMC also uses third party cookies from trusted providers (see below), including analysis of usage that underlies our future product development.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work then.
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
UMC’s use of Google Analytics (third party cookie)
UMC uses Google Analytics, a commonly used product of Google, to generally understand how visitors interact with UMC. Google Analytics uses cookies to understand how visitors use UMC’s website. If you as an Internet user specifically want to avoid being traced by Google, Google provides the following service to you: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
How do I generally delete cookies?
If you do not agree that cookies are used, you can clear and disable cookies in your browser. In some browsers (such as Google's "Chrome") you can use in an incognito mode when the browser automatically deletes all cookies when you close it.
Last modified on: September 16, 2020
.