http://www.churchministries.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Updated May 2018
CMI is committed to respecting your online privacy and security.  We have developed this privacy policy to ensure our web visitors that information you provide to websites of Church Ministries International (CMI)will not be shared with any third party.
Awareness
CMI provides this Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy policy and security practices, and to inform you of the way your information is collected and used.  We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list if you desire to do so.
Information Collected
On some CMI websites, you can provide contact information for ministry-related purposes, to order resources, or to make ministry contributions.  Here are the types of Personal Data that we may collect:
contact information:  name, title, organization/church, complete address, phone number, email address;
payment information: credit card number and expiration date, billing information, and banking information for those opting to provide recurring monthly donations;
shipping information: name, organization/church, complete address;
information concerning how you heard about Church Ministries International;
information you wish to leave: questions, comments, suggestions; and
your request to receive periodic updates: e.g., to those who request it, we will send periodic e-mails related to specific fund-raising appeals, prayer concerns, and newsletters.
How Information is Used
CMI uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate back to you, update you on ministry happenings, and to personalize our website for you. Credit card numbers are encrypted used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. We use the comments you offer to provide you with information requested, and we take seriously each recommendation as to how we might improve communication.
No Sharing of Personal Information
CMI will not sell, rent, or lease your Personal Data to other organizations. We assure you that the identity of all who contact us through our websites will be kept confidential. Use of Personal Data will be limited to the internal purposes of CMI and only to further the ministry activities and purposes of CMI.
Non-Personally Identifiable information:
We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as anonymous usage data, referring site pages and URLs, platform types, click streams, activity data/time, etc.) with third parties to help understand usage patterns and other site statistics to improve website functionality and services offered.
Security
CMI is committed to ensuring the security of your sensitive Personal Data. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use Internet encryption software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.
Cookies
From time to time, we may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Once placed onto your machine, the cookie will allow the website to “recognize” you as a unique individual. A cookie can’t read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which areas of our network of websites you have visited (i.e., e-commerce sites, etc.). We may use this information to better personalize the content you see on our sites.
Many websites place cookies on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse all cookies or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Third Party Services
CMI utilizes third party services to manage E-Commerce and E-newsletter services. CMI only contracts with reputable companies with privacy policies and standards in keeping with our own. All user information is confidential and used for CMI purposes only. Donor information and subscriber lists are managed by CMI personnel.
Removing Your Name From Our Mailing List
If you desire to remove your name, you can send us an email at cmioffice@churchministries.org.
For EU Citizens.
CMI also complies with the EU GDPR Privacy Policies and we respect your rights of accessing your data, correcting it, and having it removed from our systems. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
You may decline to share certain Personal Data with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Service.
At your request, we will delete your Personal Data if:
it’s no longer necessary to retain your Personal Data;
you withdraw the consent which formed the basis of your Personal Data processing;
you have successfully objected to the processing of your Personal Data by explaining your objection via email at cmioffice@churchministries.org;
your Personal Data was processed unlawfully; or
we are required to delete your Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations.
We will review removal requests on a case by case basis and we might not be able to comply with your request if we need to process your Personal Data, such as:
fulfillment of our contractual obligations to you (for example, to process your donation, issue receipts, and otherwise support your relationship with CMI);
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
If we are obliged to process Personal Data from you due to a legal obligation, such as anti-corruption stipulations or statutory retention periods.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim; or
to perform a task in the public interest.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send us an email at privacy@churchministries.org.
Contact Information 2001 West Plano Parkway | Suite 3100
Plano, Texas 75075-8645
T: 972.941.4422
E: cmioffice@churchministries.org
Search
Our Privacy Policy
Scroll to top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. OK MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.