http://www.lawbc.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Welcome to the privacy policy provided by the entities known as Bergeson & Campbell, P.C. (B&C®), The Acta Group, L.L.C. (Acta®), Acta UK Ltd, The Acta Group UK BVBA, and B&C Consortia Management, L.L.C. (BCCM) (collectively, us, we, our, or B&C).
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy policy is provided in a layered format, so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Alternatively, you can download a pdf version of the policy here.  Please also use the Glossary  to inform the meaning of selected terms used in this privacy policy.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW YOUR PERSONAL DATA ARE COLLECTED
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
GLOSSARY
Important Information and Who We Are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy is intended to provide you with information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website, such as when you sign up to receive our newsletter.
We do not direct this Website to children under thirteen (13) years of age and we do not knowingly collect personal information submitted by such children. Individuals under eighteen (18) should consult with a parent or guardian about the use of this Website.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Controller
The contact information for our Data Controllers follows below:
Entity
Address
Bergeson & Campbell, P.C.
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Suite 100W
Washington, D.C. 20037
United States
E-mail: privacy@lawbc.com
Phone: 202-557-3800
The Acta Group, L.L.C.
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Suite 100W
Washington, D.C. 20037
United States
E-mail: privacy@actagroup.com
Phone: 202-266-5020
Acta UK,Ltd
26 Cross Street
First Floor
Manchester M2 2BQ7AQ United Kingdom
E-mail: privacy@actagroup.com
Phone: 202-266-5020
The Acta Group EU BVBA
Place du Luxembourg 2
1050 Brussels
Belgium
E-mail: privacy@actagroup.com
Phone: 202-266-5020
B&C Consortia Management, L.L.C.
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Suite 100W
Washington, D.C. 20037
United States
E-mail: privacy@lawbc.com
Phone: 202-833-6580
This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the entities listed above. We will let you know which entity will be the controller for your data when you purchase a service with us. We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our data privacy manager in the following ways:
Heidi Brown Lewis
Bergeson & Campbell, P.C.
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 100W
Washington, D.C. 20037
E-mail: privacy@lawbc.com
Phone: 202-557-3800
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the United Kingdom (UK) supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to address your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on October 4, 2018. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you are accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, have an established business relationship with us, and want to receive information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, you must send a request to the following address with a preference on how our response to your request should be sent (via e-mail or postal mail). You may contact us in two ways. By sending an e-mail to privacy@lawbc.com or via postal mail at:
Bergeson & Campbell, P.C.
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 100W
Washington, DC 20037
Attn: Your California Privacy Rights
c/o Privacy Administrator
For requests sent via e-mail, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your e-mail. All requests sent via postal mail must be labeled “Your California Privacy Rights” on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request. For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. (Your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via e-mail. Please include your zip code for our own recordkeeping.) We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile. We are not responsible for responding to notices that are not labeled or not sent properly, or do not have complete information.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an e-mail with a detailed description of the specific content or information to privacy@lawbc.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal, even if requested.
The Data We Collect about You
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, date of birth, and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, e-mail address, and telephone numbers.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use, and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law, as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. If we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data that will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to provide the service you have requested (such as a newsletter).
How Your Personal Data Are Collected
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms on our website. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Subscribe to our newsletters or marketing;
Request marketing to be sent to you;
Enter a promotion or survey; or
Give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy [LINK] for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
Analytics providers such as Google based outside the European Union (EU);
Advertising networks such as Google based outside the EU; and
Search information providers such as Google and LinkedIn based outside the EU.
Bergeson & Campbell, P.C.
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 100W
Washington, D.C. 20037
E-mail: privacy@lawbc.com, Phone: 202-557-3800
Google (www.google.com)
Revel (web host)
Revel Design 900 3rd Street, Suite 200
Muskegon, MI 49440
www.revel.in
Concep
5th Floor
25 Broadway
New York, NY 10004
Phone: 212-925-0380
concep.com
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Click here to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data, although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via e-mail. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are, where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for under more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To manage our relationship with you, which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy; and
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our services)
To enable you to complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, services, marketing, customer relationships, and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. Where you are a corporate entity or representing a corporate entity, we will be entitled to send you marketing communications unless you notify us that you do not want to receive such marketing communications.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage, and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We do not transfer your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes. Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us at unsubscribe@lawbc.com.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see Cookie Policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis that allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International Transfers
We share your personal data within B&C, Acta, Acta UK Ltd, The Acta Group EU BVBA, and BCCM. This will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Many of our external third parties are based outside the EEA, so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission that afford personal data the same protection they have in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Please contact us if you wish to obtain further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to address any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach when we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation with respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider several factors. These include the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or other requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy that you can request from us by contacting us.
In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete your data. Please see below for further information.
In some circumstances, we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). We may charge a reasonable fee, however, if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we are authorized to refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data are not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally, it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or if you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you with respect to specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
B&C and Acta acting as joint controllers or processors who are based in the United States and who provide IT and system administration services and undertake leadership reporting.
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based in the United States who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers based in the UK and the United States who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance, and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators, and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the UK who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Federale Overheidsdienst Financien, regulators, and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the EU who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Newsletter e-mail processer Concep based in the UK with offices in the United States; Webinar hosting platform Go To Webinar based in the United States.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a data subject access request). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully, or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation that makes you want to object to processing on this ground, as you believe it may infringe upon your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information that is paramount to your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you wish us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it, as you need it to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent, however. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
BERGESON & CAMPBELL, P.C.
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 100WWashington, D.C.
20037
202-557-3800 •&nbsp202-557-3836 (fax) | lawbc.com
Contact • Twitter
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Cookie Policy | Attorney Advertising | Trademarks
©2020 Bergeson & Campbell, P.C.
All Rights Reserved.
BERGESON & CAMPBELL PC
OUR FIRM
Bergeson & Campbell Overview
Locations & Contact
Memberships
ACTA
B&C Consortia Management
OUR PEOPLE
OUR PRACTICES
Biobased Chemicals and Biofuels
Biotechnology
Chemical Regulation under TSCA
Chemical Regulation under FIFRA
Consortia Management
Endocrine Disruptors
Expert Witness Services
FDA Regulation of Food Contact and Packaging Material
Fumigants
GHS Services
Global Chemical Regulatory Services
Global Legal Services
International Trade Issues
Mergers and Acquisitions/Due Diligence
Metals
Other Special Regulatory Programs
Nanotechnology
Pesticide Data Compensation under FIFRA
Pesticide Regulation under FIFRA
Public Policy
Regulation of Dietary Supplements
Transport of HazMat and Dangerous Goods
Water Quality
KNOWLEDGE & RESOURCES
Published Articles
Regulatory Developments
Seminars & Webinars
Webinars on Demand
Books by B&C
FAQ - FIFRA
FAQ - TSCA
FAQ - RCRA
Training Courses and Programs
TSCA New Chemicals Coalition
OUR NEWS
PODCAST
We are very pleased to offer complimentary subscription to our informative newsletter(s), but we will need to collect some information to do so.Please carefully read the provisions of the PRIVACY POLICY and the TERMS OF SERVICE ( click to read )When you opt-in by clicking the button below, you agree to share your USER ID, EMAIL ADDRESS, COMPANY AFFILIATION, and JOB TITLE for the purpose of receiving our emailed newsletter(s).If you do not accept these terms of use, do not subscribe to our newsletter(s).
I AgreeI agree to the collection and use of my personal data as described above.
I Do Not AgreeI do not agree to the collection and use of my personal data as described above and therefore agree not to access this subscription form.