http://www.alphasa.co.za/disclaimer-privacy-policy
Home
Alpha Online
About
Try Alpha
Blog
Give
Explore
Coaching
Catholic Context
About
Stories
Endorsements
Past Webinars
Past Webinars
Login to Run
Global
Get in touch with our teams around the globe
Search
Privacy PolicyAlpha South Africa respects each individual's right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our website, only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies to information collected on the following websites controlled by ourselves, and Alpha International: www.alphasa.co.za, alphaprintshop.org, godatwork.org.uk, prayercourse.org, relationshipcentral.org, shop.alpha.org, williamwilberforcetrust.org, worshipcentral.org.Part I. Information CollectionAlpha South Africa in conjunction with Alpha International collects information through our websites at several points. Some of this information we will ask you to provide us with through the use of registration forms, whilst other types of information we collect involuntarily.Children's PrivacyAlpha South Africa does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 13 to divulge personal information.Information Provided by YouWe collect the following information about primary visitors: names, gender, date of birth, marital status, religion, telephone numbers, email addresses and geographical locations.We may also collect names, gender, date of birth, marital status, religion, email addresses and geographical locations, which our users divulge about other people.Automatic Collection of InformationWe collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information: Country of origin, ISP, IP Address, connection speed and browser type. We collect demographic data in order to monitor usage patterns. We collect this information through session information, browser cookies, and logging files.CookiesWe do employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our web-server places on a user's computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable Alpha to track usage patterns and deliver customised content to users. Our cookies do have an expiration date. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information.HotjarPart II. Information UsagePrimary Use of Personal InformationThe information collected by Alpha South Africa and Alpha International will be used for processing any orders or event registrations placed through any of our websites and for maintaining up to date records.Users who provide information may receive email receipts or announcements.Secondary Use of Personal InformationRegistered users may receive additional announcements from us about products, services, and newsletters. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.The information we collect may be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history.Sharing Data with Third PartiesWe may share data with the following third parties: STL (deliver requested products), Protx (process online card transactions), Integra (technical database support), BTB Mailflight (mailing house), other national and local Alpha offices, Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea (data monitoring systems), technology suppliers and support companies, and other key contacts with whom it is necessary to share information.Links from our WebsitesWe offer links to other websites. Please note: When you click on links to other websites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours.Changes to This PolicyIf our policy on information collection or uses changes, will advise you by email within 5 working days of such a change.Part III. Access to InformationAccess to Personal DataYou may request a copy of the personal data that we keep about you in a readable format. If you wish to obtain a copy of this personal data you may do so by contacting us in any of the following ways:Email: info@alphasa.co.za Alpha South Africa maintains the accuracy of our information by routinely purging expired records.Inaccurate InformationUsers may contact us about inaccuracies that they may find by emailing info@alphasa.co.za.Deleting Personal DataUsers may request that their personal data be deleted from our database by emailing info@alphasa.co.za.Please note that some personal data cannot be deleted straight away for statutory reasons.Part IV. Problem ResolutionIf problems arise, users may contact Alpha South Africa by:Email: info@alphasa.co.zaWe are committed to resolving disputes within five working days.Part V. Data Storage and SecurityAlpha South Africa and Alpha International protect user information with the following security measures: hardware firewalls, password protection, SSL encryption and other technology and procedures used to protect consumer privacy.If you have any further questions about privacy or security, please contact us by sending an email to: info@alphasa.co.za.DisclaimerThe content on this website is provided for your personal and private non-commercial use only.  You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit this or any other content for any other purposes without the prior written consent of Alpha South Africa.
We use cookies to make your experience of our website better.
To comply with E-Privacy Regulations, we need to ask for your consent to set these cookies.
Yes, I agree
No, I want to find out more