http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1996/02.96
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755 9021
February 1996
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@counsel.com
Contributing Editor: Colin Crawford, Esq., Brooklyn Law School.
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Steven Kolodny,
Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York; Michael S. Ryan,
Esq., New York; Dirk Williams, Esq., Boston; Robin Miller, Esq.,
Seattle; Julia Herd, J.D., Brooklyn; Helen G. Ullrich, Student, New
York Law School; David Pumo and Ross D. Levi, Students, Brooklyn
Law School.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-9118.
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1996 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription (Foreign Rate US$60)
TENNESSEE APPEALS COURT INVALIDATES ANTI-GAY SODOMY LAW
By unanimous vote, a three-judge panel of the Court of Appeals of
Tennessee ruled that a state law forbidding same-gender sexual
contact violates the state constitution.
Campbell v. Sundquist,
1996 WL 29326 (Jan. 26).
The decision affirmed a ruling to the
same effect last year by Davidson County Circuit Judge Walter C.
Kurtz.
This is test case litigation brought by a group of lesbian
and gay Tennesseans represented by Abby R. Rubenfeld, a Nashville
attorney who is chair of the American Bar Association's Section on
Individual Rights and Responsibilities.
The challenged statute, Tennessee's Homosexual Practices Act, TCA
sec. 39-13-510, was passed in reaction to Bowers v. Hardwick, the
1986 decision in which the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the
constitutionality of Georgia's felony sodomy law.
Like Georgia,
Tennessee at that time had a law that banned both heterosexual and
homosexual "sodomy."
Reacting to the public outcry after Hardwick,
the Tennessee legislature replaced its sodomy law with a law that
specifically (and broadly) penalizes all sexual contact between
persons of the same sex, thus deregulating consensual sexual
conduct by opposite sex couples.
A good portion of the opinion for the court by Presiding Judge W.
Frank Crawford is concerned with refuting the state's argument that
the court lacked jurisdiction over the case because none of the
individual plaintiffs had been threatened with prosecution.
The
court ruled, affirming the circuit court, that Tennessee's
Declaratory Judgement Act provides a basis for the courts of the
state to consider constitutional challenges to statutes brought by
citizens whose particular interests are at stake.
(On this point,
Judge Ben Cantrell disagreed with the majority and would have found
that the plaintiffs lacked standing.
But he indicated that he
concurred with the court's ruling on the merits of the
constitutional claim.)
Turning to the merits, Crawford observed that the Tennessee courts
have indicated that the state constitution has a right of privacy
that is not necessarily coextensive with the federal constitutional
privacy right.
Crawford relied heavily on Davis v. Davis, 842
S.W.2d 588 (Tenn. 1992), in which the Tennessee Supreme Court
relied on the state constitution in finding that an ex-husband had
a right to block the use of frozen embryos conceived with his ex-
wife; she had wanted to donate the embryos to infertile couples.
The court ruled that the ex-husband's privacy right was broad
enough to empower him to refuse to become a biological parent in
this manner.
Turning to the challenged statute, Crawford focused not on
decisional privacy but rather on spatial privacy, i.e., that the
statute would criminalize consensual adult sex that takes place in
the home of the participants.
"That is, as written, the statute is
sufficiently broad to prohibit sexual activity which takes place
behind closed doors in an individual's home.
The sanctity of the
home has long been recognized by both federal law and Tennessee
law, and both bodies of law have drawn distinctions between actions
which are committed in the privacy of the home and those committed
in public."
The court concluded that it was "consistent" with that
jurisprudence to hold "that an adult's right to engage in
consensual and noncommercial sexual activities in the privacy of
that adult's home is a matter of intimate personal concern which is
at the heart of Tennessee's protection of the right to privacy, and
that this right should not be diminished or afforded less
constitutional protection when the adults engaging in that private
activity are of the same gender."
Finding that the right at issue
is "fundamental," the court determined that it should use "strict
scrutiny analysis" to review it.
The court determined that none of the interests asserted by the
state to justify the statute were sufficient, "because either the
asserted interest is not a compelling one, or the Act is not
narrowly drawn to advance that interest."
First, the state's
interest in "discouraging activity which cannot lead to
procreation" appeared directly to contradict Griswold v.
Connecticut's federal constitutional protection of procreational
freedom.
Second, the state's interest in deterring people from
pursuing a "socially stigmatized lifestyle which leads to higher
rates of suicide, depression, and substance abuse" (hard to believe
the state had the gall to advance this argument) ran afoul of U.S.
Supreme Court precedents like Palmore v. Sidoti, which discredit
attempts by the state to give effect to the biases of other members
of the community.
Similarly, the court dismissed the state's
argument that it was necessary to deter homosexuals "from entering
into short lived, shallow, and promiscuous relationships that
weaken the `fabric' of the community at large."
The state had
provided no evidence to prove that such a description applied to
all homosexual conduct.
The court rebuffed the state's attempt to ground the statute as a
public health measure, noting that the statute would forbid gay
people from engaging in "safe sex" and that public health experts
have opined that sodomy laws hurt public health by deterring gay
people from seeking treatment of sexually-transmitted diseases.
Finally, the court rejected the state's argument that the statute
legitimately advanced the morals of residents of the state.
This
part of the opinion is particularly interesting, presenting a
thoughtful discussion of the problem of reconciling majoritarian
moral sentiment with the constitutional rights of minorities.
"Even if we assume that the Homosexual Practices Act represents a
moral choice of the people of this state, we are unconvinced that
the advancement of this moral choice is so compelling as to justify
the regulation of private, noncommercial, sexual choices between
consenting adults simply because those adults happen to be of the
same gender."
Here the court interjected a lengthy summary of the
Kentucky Supreme Court's decision in Commonwealth v. Wasson, 842
S.W.2d 487 (1992), striking down that state's sodomy law and
rejecting similar moral arguments.
Concluded Judge Crawford: "The
Court must scrupulously avoid imposing the moral beliefs of its
members on anyone.
The Court's opinion should not in any way be
deemed to condone or condemn any particular lifestyle or the moral
behavior associated therewith.
The Court's role is to see that the
liberty of our citizens is fully protected to the extent authorized
by our Constitution and laws."
The court also affirmed the circuit court's decision to issue a
declaratory judgment with an injunction, finding based on prior
Tennessee Supreme Court decisions that "this Court may not enjoin
pending or threatened prosecutions for the violation of the
criminal laws of this State."
Consequently, at this stage of the
litigation, the decision stands as the opinion of a panel of the
Court of Appeals, and the question remains whether the state will
bring the case before its Supreme Court for a final ruling as a
statewide precedent.
At press time, no announcement had been made
on this.
Amicus briefs were filed in support of the challengers to the
statute by the ACLU of Tennessee, the American Psychological
Association, the National Association of Social Workers and its
Tennessee chapter, Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, and
Tennesseans for Equality.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Federal Court Finds First Amendment Violation in Alabama Schools
Law
Alabama Attorney General Jeff Sessions had the wind taken out of
his sails by U.S. District Judge Myron H. Thompson on Jan. 29, when
Thompson cut short Sessions' threat to seek an injunction against
a scheduled conference of lesbian, gay and bisexual students from
around the southeast at University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa by
declaring unconstitutional the state statute upon which Sessions
would rely.
In Gay, Lesbian Bisexual Alliance v. Sessions, Civ.
Act. No. 93-T-1178-N (M.D.Ala.), Thompson ruled that the Alabama
law barring funding of an student group activity that might
"promote" homosexuality violated the free speech and association
protections of the First Amendment.
The Alabama Public Funds and Facilities Act, sec. 16-1-28 of the
Alabama Code, was passed after controversy arose over the decision
by the administration at Auburn University to recognize a gay and
lesbian student organization over the negative vote of the student
government organization at the school.
The statute "prohibits any
college or university from spending public funds or using
facilities, directly or indirectly, to sanction, recognize or
support any group that promotes a lifestyle or actions prohibited
by the sodomy and sexual misconduct laws" and "prohibits any group
from permitting or encouraging its members or others to engage in
or provide materials on how to engage in the lifestyle or actions."
This litigation was brought by the ACLU and its Alabama Chapter on
behalf of the gay student organization at University of South
Alabama.
Although the organization was recognized by the
university, all of its attempts to gain funding for its activities
were stalled by the administration (even though approved by the
student government organization).
Judge Thompson found that the
university funded a wide range of student activity on campus, and
that the charter of the gay student group did not involve any
attempt to promote or encourage any particular sexual conduct.
Nonetheless, both university officials and the Attorney General,
who responded to their request for advice, determined that the
statute prohibited any university funding for the group.
Thompson found that the Supreme Court's decision last term in
Rosenberg v. Rector & Visitors of the University of Virginia, 115
S.Ct. 2510 (1995), was a decisive precedent in this case.
In
Rosenberger, the Court found that the university had engaged in
impermissible viewpoint discrimination when it refused to fund a
Christian student publication while funding a wide range of other
student publications.
Applying the holding here, Thompson
concluded that the Alabama statute is "naked viewpoint
discrimination" because, for example, it would permit the
university to fund a speaker who argued that homosexuality was
immoral but not a speaker who would take the opposite position.
The denial of funding is thus based solely on the viewpoint of the
speaker.
Thus, he concluded, "the statute therefore attempts to
impose on a group that receives public funds or uses public
facilities the State's viewpoint regarding certain lifestyles and
actions and to require that group and its members to conform their
speech to this viewpoint."
In a footnote, Thompson asserted that
the statute violates "associational rights in addition to free
speech rights; "In other words, under sec. 16-1-28, a group that
fails to exclude such a member [i.e., a person who promotes
homosexuality] would be guilty of violation of the statute merely
by association with that member."
Thompson also found remarkable
that the statute did carve out an exception for groups "whose
activities are limited solely to the political advocacy of a change
in the sodomy and sexual misconduct laws of this state."
The
inclusion of this section in conjunction with the prohibitory
provisions, he said, "leaves no doubt that the statute constitutes
viewpoint discrimination."
The state sought to justify this discrimination first by reference
to Bowers v. Hardwick and Alabama's sodomy law, arguing that the
prohibited speech under the statute was tantamount to solicitation
to engage in illegal conduct.
Thompson rejected this argument,
opining that "mere advocacy" could not be outlawed consistent with
Brandenburg v. Ohio, 395 U.S. 444 (1969), under which only speech
presenting an imminent danger of lawless acts could be proscribed.
Thompson also rejected the state's argument that the statute was
necessary to advance state policies in favor of procreation (!) and
against pornographic speech.
Perhaps more challenging was the state's invocation of Rust v.
Sullivan, 500 U.S. 173 (1991), in which the Supreme Court sustained
against constitutional attack a federal regulation that barred
recipients of federal family planning funds from counseling about
or recommending abortion in their facilities.
Thompson noted that
the same sort of argument was made by the university defendant in
Rosenberger, and rejected by the Court.
According to the Court,
Rust involved a situation where the government, itself, is the
speaker, while the Rosenberger situation involved a variety of non-
governmental speakers receiving government funding based on the
content of their speech.
Thompson found this persuasive and
applicable to the context of the Alabama case.
Ruth Harlow of the ACLU Lesbian & Gay Rights Project argued the
case before the federal district court.
Attorney General Sessions
immediately announced his intention to appeal to the 11th Circuit.
However, the track record of state officials defending such rules
on public university campuses is rather poor; every case litigated
to the appellate level in a variety of other circuits has concluded
that state universities may not discriminate against gay student
groups, and an 8th Circuit case at the University of Arkansas, a
state with a sodomy law, concluded that the gay group must be
funded on the same basis as other student groups.
A.S.L.
Supreme Court Denies Review to Decision About Hours for Indecent TV
and Radio Broadcasts
The Supreme Court denied a writ of certiorari in Pacifica
Foundation v. Federal Communications Commission, No. 95-509, and
Action for Children's Television v. Federal Communications
Commission, No. 95-520, both cases stemming from the D.C. Circuit's
en banc decision reported at 58 F.3d 654, which upheld section
16(a) of the 1992 Public Telecommunications Act, which restricts
times for the broadcast of "indecent" material, but found
unconstitutional a safe harbor provision that lets public radio and
TV stations broadcast such programs during hours forbidden to
commercial stations.
See 64 USLW 3455 (1/9/96). A.S.L.
Utah Supreme Court: Lesbian Cohabitation Prior to Divorce Not a
Good Moral Example for Children
In a carefully worded opinion turning on facts other than sexual
orientation, the Supreme Court of Utah reversed an appellate ruling
and restored a trial court decision awarding custody of a child to
her heterosexual father instead of her lesbian mother.
Tucker v.
Tucker, 1996 WL 20521 (Jan. 4).
Lynn and James Tucker were married in February 1988.
They
separated in June 1991, agreeing that their three-year-old daughter
would live with Lynn, who moved to another house and then into her
mother's house.
In September 1991, Lynn filed for divorce and was
awarded temporary custody.
Lynn began a lesbian relationship and,
in September 1992, her lover moved in with her; after several
months, they bought a house together.
The divorce proceedings came
to trial in February 1993.
The trial court awarded custody to
James, based on the following findings: the evaluator mutually
chosen by the parties recommended that James be awarded custody,
because of his emotional stability in contrast to Lynn's series of
failed relationships and mood swings that therapy had not yet
resolved; James had slightly more free time than Lynn, and he spent
more of his free time with the child than Lynn did; the child
enjoyed church activities, in which James participated more
regularly than Lynn; a day care provider testified that the child
was more closely bonded to James; and, most controversially, Lynn's
illegal cohabitation during the proceedings set a bad moral example
for the child.
The trial court found that homosexuality "is not a mental illness
nor a deviancy," and that Lynn's cohabitation with her lover
"should be analyzed similarly to a situation involving cohabitation
with a member of the opposite sex without benefit of marriage in
the presence of a minor child."
The appellate court reversed, ruling that the trial court had
failed to link some of its findings to Lynn's parental ability, and
to give sufficient weight to the successful temporary custody.
In
footnotes that reflected the broader implications of the case, the
appeals court wrote that the trial court, by emphasizing Lynn's
cohabitation without benefit of marriage, had effectively punished
Lynn for the fact that same-sex couples are not allowed to marry.
The Utah Supreme Court reversed, reinstating the decision of the
trial court.
Writing for a unanimous court, Justice Russon began
by noting that a trial court must often choose between two
qualified parents, with broad discretion to decide what will be in
the best interests of the child, and that its decision will only be
reversed where it is "so flagrantly unjust as to be an abuse of
discretion."
Adding that a temporary custody arrangement must not
be given the same weight as a permanent custody decision (or else
preliminary custody hearings would turn into full-scale trials),
Russon pointed out that the trial court had based its decision on
several findings of fact, each of which was supported by the
evidence.
Addressing the issue of sexual orientation, Russon wrote
that the issue "was not whether a trial court could properly
question a parent's morality where that parent had merely cohabited
with a member of the same sex.
Rather, the issue was whether a
trial court could properly question the morality of a parent who
had cohabited with another person . . . while still married.
The
trial court found that the occurrence of this conduct during the
marriage and in the presence of the child demonstrated Lynn's lack
of moral example.
It cannot be said that the trial court abused
its discretion in reaching this conclusion."
While the decision amounts to a defeat for Ms. Tucker, it may
represent a victory for other gay parents, because it upheld a
finding that a parent's lesbian relationship should be analyzed
analogously to a heterosexual relationship.
O.R.D.
Nebraska Supreme Court Reverses Conviction of Lesbian in Stabbing
Death of Her Partner
In a per curiam opinion issued Jan. 26, the Nebraska Supreme Court
reversed the conviction for manslaughter and using a knife to
commit a felony of Sherline R. Woods in the death of her partner,
Cheryl Culliver.
State v. Woods, 1996 WL 29055.
Testimony at
trial showed that Woods came home to find Culliver smoking crack
cocaine with a man.
Woods became upset and asked both of them to
leave.
Culliver responded belligerently and things degenerated
into a physical fight involving a kitchen knife, with Culliver
dying from a stab wound to the heart.
A neighbor whom Woods called
to assist her also testified at trial.
Woods testified in her own
defense that during the struggle Culliver impaled herself on the
knife, which came out of her chest when Woods pushed her away.
During the trial, Woods' counsel objected to the prosecutor asking
the police investigator whether Woods had refused to provide a
tape-recorded statement after she agreed to waive her Miranda
rights and answer questions at the police station, but the trial
judge allowed the question.
Woods also objected to the trial judge
charging the jury on intoxication as a defense, but the trial judge
gave the charge.
Woods claimed that this charge would prejudice
her case for self-defense.
The court of appeals had affirmed the
conviction, even though it found the question about the statement
improper, asserting that the error was harmless.
The Nebraska
Supreme Court disagreed, finding that both of Wood's grounds for
appeal were well-founded, entitling her to a new trial.
A.S.L.
Minnesota Appeals Court Restores Visitation for Lesbian Mom
A unanimous 3-judge panel of the Minnesota Court of Appeals,
calling "palpably untrue" the inference that "any contact by
children with lesbians or homosexuals is per se harmful to the
children's emotional health or development," granted the appeal of
a lesbian mother from a restrictive visitation order by a trial
court.
The Jan. 16 decision in McKay v. Johnson, 1996 WL 12658
(not officially published) reversed the trial court and reinstated
a prior existing visitation schedule.
Kelly McKay and Gerald Johnson were divorced in December 1990, with
Johnson receiving sole custody of their two young children.
McKay
moved to San Francisco and lived with her lesbian partner.
The
visitation schedule had the children staying with McKay for two
weeks at Christmas, two weeks at Easter/spring break, and all of
the summer vacation, with McKay and Johnson sharing air travel
costs for Christmas and summer vacation.
In 1993, McKay and her partner moved to Austin, Texas.
Their move
was followed by extended legal maneuvering over how much McKay
would pay toward support of the children. On May 19, 1995, Johnson
filed a motion seeking to modify McKay's visitation rights.
Johnson made a variety of claims about McKay's exposure of the
children to homosexuality, including allowing her lover to take one
of the kids on a three-day trip to New York during which they
attended a gay pride march.
Johnson also pointed to a postcard
sent to his son by a gay man he had met while staying with McKay.
(The gay man was the minister of her church, who sent the postcard
because the boy asked him to write.)
The evidence before the trial judge included testimony from a
therapist hired by Johnson, who found that the children appeared
well adjusted and happy, which was echoed by a social worker hired
by McKay, who also submitted several affidavits from neighbors,
church leaders and friends attesting to the health and well-being
of the children during their Texas visits with their mother.
On June 26, the trial court issued an order, limiting McKay's
visitation to Beltrami County, Minnesota, where Johnson lived.
The
court found that visitation with McKay in Texas "is likely to
endanger both children's emotional health and impair their
emotional development."
The court of appeals, in an opinion by Judge Forsberg, found the
trial court's conclusions incredible, pointing out that there was
no evidence that the children had suffered any emotional damage
from their extended visits with McKay and her lover, and that the
restriction to Beltrami County "was an abuse of discretion based on
a clearly erroneous finding of endangerment."
The court of appeals
overruled the trial court and reinstated the prior visitation
arrangements.
A.S.L.
Hawaii Supreme Court Rejects Homosexual Panic Defense in Murder
Case
In Hawaii v Knight, 1996 WL 11442 (Jan. 12), the Hawaii Supreme
Court affirmed defendant's conviction of murder in the second
degree, rejecting his contentions that the trial court erred in
failing to instruct the jury on reckless manslaughter and that the
prosecutor's conduct denied him a fair trial.
Defendant John E. Knight killed an allegedly gay man.
Knight
testified to the following story at trial.
Knight, a Marine, met
William A. Rowe on the night he killed him.
Rowe offered to drive
him to a nightclub.
On their way, they stopped at Rowe's
apartment.
There, they allegedly began to have sex, when defendant
decided to leave.
As he was dressing, Rowe heard defendant's
handcuffs clink together.
At that point, Rowe fastened one of the
cuffs to his left wrist.
Defendant fastened the other cuff to
Rowe's right wrist.
According to defendant, Rowe then got on his
knees and began to fondle defendant's genitals.
Defendant
testified that he then "wigged out big time [and] just wanted him
to stop."
The "next thing [defendant] knew" was that he had sliced
Rowe's throat with the 6 1/2 inch military-style knife defendant
had with him.
Three of defendant's fellow Marines and friends
testified that defendant had been planning to rob gay men.
One
testified that the defendant told him the killing "was an accident,
just boom next thing he knows the guy was dead."
Another testified
that the defendant told him that he had robbed the victim and that
"he put his knee in the guy's back and pulled his hair and just cut
his throat."
At trial, the defendant asked for and received an instruction on
manslaughter by virtue of extreme mental or emotional disturbance
for which there was a reasonable explanation.
Defendant's
explanation was that his father sexually and emotionally abused him
when he was a child, rendering him an extreme homophobic.
Defendant's mother corroborated defendant's emotional abuse
testimony.
Apparently his father called him names like "mama's
boy, sissy, and wimp."
The trial court refused defendant's request
for a reckless manslaughter charge, however.
In order to receive a reckless manslaughter charge, there must some
evidence that defendant disregarded a substantial and unjustifiable
risk that his conduct would cause the undesired result.
Defendant
asserted that because of his father's abuse he was sensitive to
sexual contact with men.
When it became apparent that Rowe was
attempting to seduce defendant, he therefore ignored a substantial
and unjustifiable risk by staying with Rowe and allowing him to
engage in conduct which ignited the defendant's anger to the point
of violence, entitling defendant to the charge.
The Court rejected
this theory and found that the cause of Rowe's death was the knife
wound and not defendant's staying in the apartment.
It also found
that defendant's "wigged out theory does not suggest that the
slashing of the [victim's] through occurred through Knight's
recklessness in approaching the victim while holding a knife," but
rather that such actions were uncontrollable.
The theory that
defendant acted uncontrollably was encompassed in the charge on
manslaughter by virtue of extreme mental or emotion disturbance.
Hence, nothing in the evidence supported defendant's request for a
reckless manslaughter charge.
Lastly, the court acknowledge that the prosecutor's question to
defendant on cross-examination about whether he would be surprised
to find out that his brother said defendant was not sexually abused
was improper.
In view of the overwhelming evidence of defendant's
guilt, such error was harmless.
M.S.R.
Oregon Appeals Court Construes "Singling Out" Law
The Oregon Court of Appeals has clarified what ORS 659.165(1) means
when it forbids "singling out" or "granting special rights" based
on sexual orientation.
In a careful and evenhanded opinion, the
court slammed the door on attempts to negate the legal existence of
lesbians and gay men in deParrie v. City of Portland, 906 P.2d 844
(Or.App., Nov. 29, 1995).
The statute at issue, ORS 659.165(1), prohibits political
subdivisions in Oregon from enacting any law or policy that
"singles out" or "grant[s] special rights, privileges or treatment"
to citizens on account of sexual orientation, or enacting any law
or policy that "singles out" individuals or groups based on sexual
orientation.
Appellant deParrie claimed 11 instances where the
conduct of the city and county singled out and granted special
rights to citizens based on their sexual orientation.
Those
alleged instances included the presentation by the city and
county's Affirmative Action Office that homosexuality is a non-
relevant factor in employment; offering counseling by the County
Youth Services Commission to homosexual and bisexual youth;
authorizing the city Chief of Police to march in the city's annual
Gay Pride Parade, and teaching county employees to "accept the
`normalcy' or `acceptability' of homosexuality."
The trial court
had entered judgment for the city and county on all claims, and the
plaintiff appealed.
Plaintiff argued that the statutory term "to single out" must be
understood broadly so as to include identification,
acknowledgement, or approval of homosexuality.
To single out would
therefore encompass the "granting of special rights."
In
contradistinction, the city argued that "singling out" refers only
to conduct that adversely treats one group differently from others,
while "granting special rights" refers to conferring rights or
privileges on one group and not on others.
The county offered yet
a third interpretation of the statutory language, arguing that
"singling out" refers to the deprivation of a constitutionally
established right, and that "granting special rights" refers to
extending "a new right" to some but not to others.
The court disagreed with all three interpretations, although its
own is closest to that of the city's.
The court stated that the
prohibition against "singling out" is a prohibition against
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Thus, the
statute is not so narrow that it only addresses the deprivation of
constitutional rights.
As for the term "granting of special
rights, privileges or treatment," the court held that this term not
only prohibits giving new rights to some but not others, but more
broadly prohibits preferential "treatment" such as affirmative
action or hiring quotas based on sexual orientation.
With the statute's language thus clarified, the court found that
none of plaintiff's claims showed that the city or county had
enacted any kind of provision that singled out sexual orientation.
"Plaintiff has alleged that the city and the county have referred
to homosexuality as `normal' or `acceptable,' or that they have
provided services to homosexuals.
In no case, however, is there an
allegation that any citizen or group of citizens has been
discriminated against on account of sexual orientation."
However, the court found that two of plaintiff's claims appeared to
show a granting of special treatment based on sexual orientation:
that the city expended funds specifically to recruit homosexuals
for city employment, and that the county specifically recruited
homosexuals to serve on its Children and Youth Services Commission.
These two claims were reversed and remanded, and the rest
dismissed. J.H.
I.R.S. Issues Private Letter Ruling on Domestic Partnership
Benefits Plan
In Private Letter Ruling 9603011, issued Jan. 19 (see 1996 WL
18211), the Internal Revenue Service shed further light on the tax
treatment of domestic partnership benefit plans voluntarily adopted
by private sector employers. The letter, dated Oct. 18, 1995, was
released over the signature of Harry Beker, Chief, Branch No. 6,
Office of the Assistant General Counsel for Employee Benefits and
Exempt Organizations, in response to an inquiry by an
"international law firm" that was contemplating adoption of a
domestic partnership benefits plan for its employees in the United
States and in its overseas offices.
Beker's letter limited itself
to the domestic employees, and indicated that a separate response
would be forthcoming from a different office dealing with issues
raised by the overseas employees.
Of course, private letter
rulings do not constitute precedent, are published for the
convenience of practitioners and taxpayers, and are not binding on
the Service or the courts.
Most of the content will be familiar to those who have seen earlier
Letter Rulings responding to inquiries from employers, although
this letter may be particularly useful to lawyers who are seeking
to persuade their law firms to extend such benefits.
The key
points are as follows:
1.
A domestic partner will not be considered a spouse "unless
recognized as such under state law."
This seems to indicate,
without saying so explicitly, that were a state to allow same sex
marriage, the I.R.S. would recognize the marriage for purposes of
federal tax law, thus echoing a bankruptcy judge's ruling to the
same effect last year.
2.
A domestic partner could be considered a "dependent" for
purposes of the tax code, if the partner otherwise satisfies the
requirements of section 152(a).
The principal requirement of
152(a) is that more than half of the partner's financial support
comes from the employee.
Another requirement is that the partner
be in a relationship with the employee that qualifies under one of
the subsections of 152(a).
The most likely subsection for domestic
partners is 152(a)(9), which requires that the partner "for the
taxable year of the taxpayer has as his or her principal place of
abode the home of the taxpayer and is a member of the taxpayer's
household."
In addition, however, one must consider subsection
152(b)(5), which provides that a person is not a member of a
taxpayer's household "if at any time during the taxable year of the
taxpayer the relationship between such individual and the taxpayer
is in violation of local law."
It is uncertain exactly what this
means.
Surely, the recent 11th Circuit decision in Shahar v.
Bowers, 1995 WL 713127, holding that same-sex relationships are
covered under the constitutional right of intimate association,
would portend that same-sex households could not be held to be in
violation of local law, even where there is a sodomy law in force.
3.
The inclusion of domestic partnership coverage in an employer's
plan "will not otherwise affect the excludability under section 106
of the Code of amounts contributed by the Firm for health insurance
benefits for Qualified Employees, their spouses and dependents."
Presumably, although not expressly stated, amounts contributed for
coverage for domestic partners who are not dependents within the
meaning of the Code would not be excludable from the firm's taxable
income.
4.
Although actual payments a domestic partner receives by virtue
of filing claims under the plan would not be considered taxable
income, the employee would be taxed on "the excess of the fair
market value of the group medical coverage provided by the Firm
over the amount paid by the Qualified Employee for such coverage."
Frustratingly, as in past letter rulings, the Service provides no
further elucidation about how employers are to calculate such "fair
market value," which may actually be tricky for large employers
paying a blanket amount for a large group policy.
Of course, for
employers whose plans are totally contributory for coverage of
spouses and dependents, this should not be an issue.
Another point
is that if such "fair market value" is included in the income of
the employee, it is to be treated as "wages" and is thus subject to
social security and unemployment insurance withholding taxes.
This ruling illustrates once again the importance of either
attaining the right of same-sex marriage from the states or
attaining an amendment of the federal definition of spouses or
defendants in the Tax Code as a prerequisite to obtaining equality
of tax treatment with respect to employee benefits for same sex
households. The Nov.-Dec. issue of The Tax Executive (Vol. 47, No.
8), reports that the Canadian government is considering possible
changes to their tax regulations to achieve equal treatment for
domestic partners. A.S.L.
NY Court Rebuffs Narrow Reading of Braschi by New State
Administration
Observe the attempt of appointees of Governor George Pataki to
adopt a narrow construction of a precedent they dislike.
In Matter
of Comparone, NYLJ, 1/19/96, p.26, col.3 (Sup.Ct., N.Y. Co.,
Goodman, J.), the landlord was seeking a rent increase based on the
cohabitation of Kevin Kennedy with the tenant of record, Elaine
Comparone.
While conceding that Kennedy and Comparone, who had
lived together in the apartment for twenty years, clearly satisfied
the tests prescribed by the Court of Appeals in Braschi v. Stahl
Associates Co., 74 N.Y.2d 201, to be considered family members, the
Division of Housing and Community Renewal (DHCR) granted the
landlord's request, holding that the tenant succession regulations
did not extend to a rent increase situation.
Justice Goodman was
not buying: "DHCR's reasoning is spurious, frivolous and shows no
analysis or understanding of the law and public policy of this
state. . .
DHCR's position here that Mr. Kennedy could be
considered a family member for eviction purposes but not for rental
increase purposes is quite plainly ridiculous.
Obviously the
protection against eviction is the greatest protection available
under the rent control laws.
There is simply no legal precedent
nor logical reason to distinguish between an `immediate family
member' for purposes of protection against eviction as opposed to
rent regulation."
A.S.L.
Vacco Reaffirms Discrimination Policy
Dennis C. Vacco was elected Attorney General of the State of New
York in 1994 in a campaign where some of his supporters attacked
his opponent, Karen Burstein, because she is a lesbian.
Shortly
after taking office, Vacco replaced his predecessor's executive
order governing discrimination policy in the State Law Department
with a new order that, unlike the predecessor's, omits "sexual
orientation."
Subsequently several openly-lesbian or gay employees
of the Department were fired in the course of a "reorganization" of
the Department that generally downgraded civil rights enforcement
functions.
The Public Employees Federation, a union representing
employees of the office, filed an unfair practice charge against
the Department, asserting that the change in policy violated the
Department's duty to bargain over changes in terms of employment.
Public Employees Federation v. State of New York, PERB Case No. U-
16702.
On Jan. 26, the union issued a news release announcing that Vacco
had restored the prior policy on sexual orientation in exchange for
withdrawal of the charge.
However, Vacco did not agree to add
"sexual orientation" to his executive order.
Instead, he signed a
Stipulation of Settlement with the union, under which he obligated
himself to send a letter to the Executive Director of the Union (a
copy of which was annexed to the stipulation as an exhibit), which
he states is intended "to clarify my publicly and privately stated
policy, which is that the Department of Law will not discriminate
against any employee of the Department on the basis of sexual
orientation with respect to that employee's assignments, promotion,
discipline, discharge, or any other term and condition of
employment" and adds that any complaint of violations of this
policy would be processed by the Department's Equal Employment
Opportunity Committee.
Vacco added that the policy "is firmly
grounded in the law and in the belief that an employee's sexual
orientation has no lawful relevance in personnel decisions made by
the Department of Law.
Thus, I will continue to focus my
employment decision on relevant merit based criteria."
Curiously, the Vacco letter does not mention hiring among the
personnel actions governed by this policy, so his letter by its
terms assures non-discrimination only for incumbent employees of
the Department.
Perhaps more interesting, in light of media
reports about the hiring practices of the Department, is the
reference to relevant merit based criteria; apparently, under
Vacco's definition, being a relative of a prominent Republican or
a major campaign donor is a relevant merit based factor for being
a lawyer for the State of New York.
(It is also interesting to
note that during the summer of 1994 the New York State courts
amended the state's Code of Professional Responsibility to make it
a disciplinary offense for members of the bar to discriminate in
any employment decision on the basis of sexual orientation.)
A.S.L.
Second Circuit Hears Argument on Military Policy
On Jan. 16, a 3-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
2nd Circuit, consisting of Wilfred Feinberg, John Walker, and
Pierre Leval, heard oral argument in Able v. U.S., No. 95-9111, a
test case jointly brought by the ACLU Lesbian & Gay Rights Project
and Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund on behalf of several
military service members challenging the Defense Department's
current policies on service by gays.
In an unofficially published
decision in March 1995, U.S. District Judge Eugene Nickerson ruled
that the new policy is unconstitutional.
Oral argument was
originally scheduled for Dec. 19, but was postponed at the last
minute when Judge Guido Calabresi withdrew from the panel after the
government pointed out that as dean of Yale Law School he had
signed a letter to Congress declaring that the proposed policy was
unconstitutional.
Calabresi was subsequently appointed to the
court by President Clinton.
Judge Walker took Calabresi's place on
the panel.
Matthew Coles of the ACLU presented the oral argument
for the challengers, Justice Department lawyer Edwin Kneedler for
the government.
Press reports of the oral argument indicated that
the judges showed no particular disposition on the case, grilling
both attorneys very thoroughly on their arguments.
As we go to press, a decision is still pending from the en banc 4th
Circuit argument in Thomasson v. Perry, argued early in December.
Unlike the Able test case, Thomasson concerns an individual service
member who was singled out for discharge after he revealed his
sexual orientation.
The district court in that case upheld the
validity of the polity, and a 3-judge panel decided after hearing
oral argument to refer the case for en banc hearing without issuing
an opinion.
A.S.L.
4th Circuit Says Same-Sex Harassment Not Actionable under Title VII
If All Actors Are Heterosexuals of the Same Sex
A county employee in Fairfax County, Virginia, was not entitled to
a trial on his Title VII claim of sexual harassment because both he
and his harassers are heterosexual, the 4th Circuit ruled on Jan.
9. In McWilliams v. Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, 1996 WL
10280, the plaintiff, a learning and emotionally disabled mechanic,
claimed that he had been repeatedly harassed by the "lube boys," as
the men in his department called themselves.
McWilliams claimed
that he had been assaulted with a broomstick to his anus, had been
bound and gagged while oral sex was simulated, and had been
subjected to repeated explicit sexual references.
The atmosphere
in the workplace was full of sexual and pornographic material,
including pin-ups and calendars of scantily-clad women and off-
color cartoons.
McWilliams complained to his supervisors about the
environment but had not complained of any physical assaults.
A supervisor referred McWilliams to the Employee Assistance Program
when McWilliams appeared distraught and said that he was upset
about family and personal problems as well as a possible workforce
reduction.
He was diagnosed with severe emotional problems and
took a medical leave from his job.
One month later, he complained
to his superiors that he had been sexually abused by a co-worker
and subsequently filed a complaint with the EEOC.
After the EEOC issued a right-to-sue letter, McWilliams commenced
this action under Title VII and 42 U.S.C. section 1983 in federal
district court, which granted summary judgment for the county.
Upon appeal, the 4th Circuit analyzed his complaint as one of
"hostile workplace environment" requiring the plaintiff to show
that (1) the conduct was unwelcome, (2) the harassment was based
upon his sex, and (3) the harassment was sufficiently egregious to
create a hostile environment knowingly tolerated by the employer.
The court refused to reach the third criterion, holding that
McWilliams's claim failed because he and his alleged harassers were
heterosexuals and, therefore, the harassment was not "because of
sex."
While disapproving of the co-workers' behavior, which it
called "puerile and repulsive," the court reasoned that Congress
had not intended Title VII to reach as a far as heterosexual
horseplay "in matters of sex," as it described the facts of this
case, but only to harassment that occurred "because of the victim's
sex."
The court said that while the harassing conduct against
McWilliams had been sexual in nature, it had not occurred because
of his sex.
Therefore, Title VII protection did not extend to a
situation such as this one where the victim and the harasser were
of the same sex and heterosexual.
The court dismissed the
Section
1983 complaint for the same reason. H.G.U.
Same-Sex Harassment Actionable in Northern District of Illinois,
But Not In Western District of North Carolina
Continuing a nationwide trend from last year, another federal
district court has ruled that same-sex harassment is actionable
under Title VII.
Ton v. Information Resources, Inc., 1996 WL 5322
(N.D.Ill. Jan. 4).
Plaintiff Paul Ton sued his employer, IRI, claiming that his
supervisor, Tom Kozbiel, sexually harassed him both verbally and
physically for two years, and that Kozbiel issued Ton unfavorable
performance evaluations in retaliation for Ton's rejection of
Kozbiel's sexual advances.
Kozbiel, who was married, did not
subject anyone else in the office to similar treatment.
Ton filed
suit under Title VII claiming sex discrimination and retaliation;
IRI moved to dismiss, claiming that same-gender sexual harassment
is not actionable under Title VII, that IRI could not be held
liable for Kozbiel's conduct, and that many of the events in the
complaint were barred by the statute of limitations.
Regarding the negative evaluations, Judge Leinenweber ruled that
the issue was not one of retaliation, which must be based on
protected activity, but rather one of quid pro quo sexual
harassment; the court therefore modified the complaint accordingly.
Regarding IRI's agency liability, Leinenweber wrote that ordinary
principles of agency govern the decision whether to impute a
supervisor's misconduct to the employer, with the result that the
employer will be liable if, among other possibilities, the
harassment fell within the supervisor's apparent scope of
authority; Kozbiel's use of his supervisory authority to attempt to
extort sexual favors from Ton satisfied this test and established
liability for IRI.
Regarding the question whether Title VII applies to same-gender
sexual harassment, Leinenweber observed that federal courts are
divided but that the 7th Circuit, in dicta, had stated that it
might apply.
See Baskerville v. Culligan Int'l Co., 50 F.3d 428,
430 (7th Cir. 1995). Noting that at least fifteen district courts
had ruled on the issue in 1995, Leinenweber found the growing trend
more persuasive, that Title VII does apply to same-gender sexual
harassment.
Sexual harassment exists in two forms, "hostile
environment" and "quid pro quo;" Leinenweber pointed out that the
quid pro quo form had been ruled actionable in his district many
years earlier, citing Wright v. Methodist Youth Servs., Inc., 511
F.Supp. 307 (N.D.Ill. 1981).
Regarding the statute of limitations defense, the court discussed
the question whether the earlier events could be combined with the
more recent ones to form a continuing violation, but ruled that
precise resolution of the issue was unnecessary because Ton had
alleged sufficient events within the 300-day limitation period to
survive a motion to dismiss.
O.R.D.
By contrast, the U.S. District Court for the Western District of
North Carolina dismissed a same-sex harassment suit brought under
Title VII on Dec. 20.
In Wrightson v. Pizza Hut of America, Inc.,
1995 WL 783044, the plaintiff claimed that he was "subjected to
unwelcome harassment by his supervisor and co-employees, who were
allegedly male homosexuals," and "that such harassment created a
hostile sexual work environment."
District Judge Mullen, noting
that "other jurisdictions are divided as to whether intra-gender
harassment is cognizable under Title VII," focused on the 5th
Circuit decision in Garcia v. Elf Atochem North America, 28 F.3d
446 (1994), as the only circuit court decision to have dealt with
the issue explicitly, and stated: "This court is in agreement with
. . . Garcia.
There is no evidence that Congress intended to
prohibit intra-gender harassment in enacting Title VII.
If
Congress feels that such harassment should be sanctioned, Congress
is free to amend Title VII."
A.S.L.
District Court Finds Sexual Orientation Discrimination Can Be
Inferred from Reaction to "Appearance" or "Mannerisms"
In Cheung v. Merrill Lynch, 1996 WL 22978 (Jan. 26), U.S.
District Judge Stanton (S.D.N.Y.), held that, when viewed together
with actions taken by defendants, a complaint alleging that
defendants perceived plaintiff to be homosexual sufficiently set
forth facts to create an inference of intentional discrimination so
as to survive a motion for summary judgement.
Paul Cheung and his son, Edmond, arranged via telephone with Mark
Tully of Merrill Lynch's 200 Park Avenue office to open an
investment account.
Tully assured the Cheungs that there were no
obstacles, including Paul Cheung's Canadian citizenship, that would
prevent them from establishing an account.
During their meeting
with Tully to hand over their $100,000 check, discuss investing
options, and sign power of attorney documents, Tully briefly left
the conference room where they were meeting.
Branch Manager Frank
Sullivan entered, became hostile, and demanded that plaintiffs
state their business.
Sullivan briefly examined Paul Cheung's
Canadian passport and left the room.
When Tully returned, he
informed the Cheungs that Sullivan said they would be unable to
open an account because they were not United States citizens.
When
the Cheungs suggested they open the account in Edmond's name, who
was a U.S. citizen, Tully said Edmond had not been a citizen "long
enough," and refused to discuss the matter further.
The Cheungs sued Tully, Sullivan and Merrill Lynch under federal
law (42 U.S.C. sec. 1981), New York State Human Rights Law, the New
York City Administrative Code and New York common law, asserting
that Paul Cheung was discriminated against on the basis of
citizenship, race, sexual orientation and disability, in that the
defendants may have believed Cheung to be HIV+.
The court held that plaintiffs' allegations, together with the
sequence of events, sufficiently raised an inference that the
discrimination could be based on defendants' perception of Paul
Cheung's sexual orientation.
The plaintiffs' complaint claimed
that defendants knew Paul Cheung was a homosexual because of his
"appearance, mannerisms, and other factors, along with certain
societal stereotypes regarding homosexuals."
The court noted that
although Sullivan asserted that Edmond had not been a citizen "long
enough," Sullivan had no knowledge of how or when Edmond became a
U.S. citizen.
The court ruled that dismissal for insufficiency of claim would be
inappropriate at this point.
However, because the Cheungs had not
served a copy of their complaint with the New York City Commission
on Human Rights and the Corporate Counsel before commencing their
civil court action, the claims under the New York City
Administrative Code were dismissed with leave to replead.
R.D.L.
Wisconsin Appeals Court Upholds Homicide Conviction
A unanimous panel of the Court of Appeals of Wisconsin rejected the
appeal of a conviction of first-degree intentional homicide in
State v. Walker, 1996 WL 12820 (Jan. 16).
The victim, Michael
Sneed, was killed in his apartment by the defendant, Christopher
Walker.
Sneed had "picked up" Walker on the street and brought him home.
According to Walker's testimony, Sneed attempted to initiate sex
with Walker, and when Walker was hesitant, asked, "Are you gonna
make me rape you?" In the ensuing struggle, according to Walker,
Walker kicked and punched Sneed, stabbed him repeatedly in the back
with a kitchen knife, and put a pillow over Sneed's face when he
stopped moving.
Walker then decided to "take everything that had
his fingerprints on it" and left the apartment, driving Sneed's car
to his girlfriend's home.
The medical examiner found that Sneed
died as a result of "hemorrhage and exsanguination from the stab
wound to the heart, associated with manual strangulation."
The
jury was instructed on self-defense as well as first and second
degree intentional homicide, and rendered a guilty verdict on first
degree.
On appeal, Walker claimed, inter alia, that the evidence did not
support the conviction and should be set aside as a matter of law.
For the appeals court, the issue was whether a "reasonable jury"
could convict on the evidence, and the court found it easy to
resolve this question against Walker:
"The evidence in this case
demonstrates that Walker caused Sneed's death.
This element is
undisputed.
There is also evidence from which a reasonable jury
could infer that Walker formed the requisite intent to kill.
He
thrust a deadly weapon into the chest of another human being.
He
took no action to attempt lifesaving procedures.
If strangulation
was the cause of death, Walker must have been choking Sneed for
four-to-five minutes.
Finally, there is evidence from which a
reasonable jury could infer that Walker did not act in
self-defense, particularly that the deadly force inflicted was not
necessary.
Walker could have told Sneed he was not interested in
a homosexual encounter.
The jury could have inferred that Walker
had an opportunity to leave Sneed's apartment or that Walker could
have inflicted a lesser force to enable him to get away, without
killing Sneed.
In addition, a jury may have inferred that Walker
killed Sneed in order to steal from him, based on the numerous
items Walker took from the apartment."
A.S.L.
First Degree Murder Conviction Upheld for Killing Girlfriend's
Lesbian Lover
The Washington Court of Appeals, in State v. Millante, held
testimony that the defendant planned to kill the victim because she
was involved in a lesbian relationship with the defendant's
girlfriend sufficient to support the defendant's first-degree
murder conviction.
1995 WL 766331 (Dec. 29, 1995).
A jail inmate
testified that the defendant, after his arrest, had said that the
victim was a "no account bitch" for having the relationship, and
that defendant "ended it." The defendant had participated as a
middleman in many drug deals involving the victim.
On the night on
which the victim was murdered, the
defendant invited the victim to
meet him at the location, the defendant's sister's home, at which
they customarily accomplished their drug transactions.
Instead of
completing a drug deal, though, the defendant murdered the victim
and stole the cash she brought with her for the fictitious
transaction.
The jury rejected the defendant's claim of
self-defense.
R.M.
Second-Degree Murder Conviction Upheld for Killing Gay Lover of
Girlfriend's Son
Affirming the defendant's second-degree murder conviction, the
Missouri Court of Appeals, in State v. Pounders, held that the
trial court properly refused the defendant's proposed instruction
on the use of force in defense of a third person.
1996 WL 7212
(Jan. 10).
The defendant, his girlfriend, her 18-year-old son, and
the victim were in the defendant's motor home.
The girlfriend's
son and the victim were involved in a gay relationship.
The
defendant asserted that he had been defending the girlfriend's son
when he killed the victim. Rejecting the claim, the court observed
that, under the defendant's own evidence,
the victim merely
clenched his fists and "started" to stand up after being confronted
by the defendant regarding the victim's
relationship with the
girlfriend's son.
At that point, defendant had ordered the
girlfriend and her son to leave the motor home, and they had done
so.
The defendant then struck the victim on the head with a
roofing hammer.
The court concluded that no real or apparent
necessity existed for the defendant to kill in order to protect the
girlfriend's son.
R.M.
New York Court Accepts Male Rape Trauma Syndrome
A New York State Supreme Court judge has extended recognition of
rape trauma syndrome to include male survivors of sexual assault.
People v. Yates, N.Y.L.J., Jan . 4., p.26, col. 2 (N.Y.Co.).
The
prosecution claimed that, following a consensual "homosexual
incident," the defendant, Richard Yates, attempted to extort money
from the complainant by threatening to accuse him of rape, thereby
revealing his homosexuality.
Yates claimed that he had in fact
been raped and his subsequent actions were lawful efforts to seek
compensation.
The defense sought to introduce evidence of male
sexual assault syndrome to strengthen its case; the prosecution
moved to exclude such evidence as unreliable or to require a
pre-trial hearing on the subject.
Justice Felice Shea described the basic evidentiary rule that
expert testimony relating to scientific evidence is admissible only
if it is generally accepted as reliable by the relevant scientific
community.
Reliability can be established based on judicial
precedent or a pre-trial hearing.
Evidence of rape trauma syndrome
has been ruled admissible where the rape survivor is female,
however, under New York law, a male cannot be raped.
The
prosecution argued that this distinction, as well as other
differences between males and females, placed male survivors of
sexual assault outside the scope of the New York rulings on rape
trauma syndrome.
The court examined judicial acceptance of a
syndrome associated with sexual assault, observing that evidence of
a child sexual assault syndrome had been held admissible under the
existing rule, regardless of the gender of the child.
The court
then cited numerous studies and articles, including one from the
Advocate, a gay newsmagazine, describing the male syndrome as
extremely similar to its female counterpart.
Without deciding the
potential equal protection issues in the case, but noting the trend
away from gender-based classifications, the court ruled that the
legal authorities, scientific writings, constitutional doctrine and
logic all required dismissal of the prosecution's motion and
admission of the syndrome evidence.
The opinion states that this decision is only the second reported
case on this issue, the first being State v. Borchardt, 478 N.W.2d
757 (Minn. 1991), which upheld the trial court's discretion
to reject the syndrome evidence.
O.R.D.
Warnings to Jury to Be Dispassionate Suffice to Dissipate Possible
Prejudice Based on Sexual Orientation Questions
In Commonwealth v. Capone, 1996 WL 20816 (Mass. App.Ct., Jan. 18),
defendant was indicted for statutory rape and indecent assault and
battery, both counts arising out of an evening spent with a group
of young teenagers.
After Capone procured alcohol for the
teenagers, one boy became sick and began to throw up.
Capone
pulled over to the side of the road and took the boy behind a tree,
out of sight.
Two friends who went down at intervals to check on
the boy testified to seeing Capone once with his hand on the boy's
inner thigh, once with his hand on the boy's buttocks, and once
with his middle finger slowly moving on the sick boy's "butt hole."
One friend testified that the boy told her that he did not want
Capone near him because he was sick.
The trial judge initially
allowed a motion to strike the indictment for insufficient proof of
penetration, but decided instead to submit it to the jury on
assault with intent to commit statutory rape.
Capone appealed his
conviction on those charges on several grounds, all of which the
court of appeals rejected.
Among the grounds urged by Capone was that by questioning one of
the witnesses about whether Capone had alluded to his sexual
orientation, the prosecution had denied Capone a fair trial.
The
court pointed out that Capone's sexuality was never expressly
mentioned to the jury, nor was it implied that his sexuality made
him more likely to have committed the crime.
The court also felt
that a final instruction by the trial judge that the jury not be
influenced by the nature of the crime charged, and that they remain
analytical, unemotional and dispassionate, sufficed to protect
defendant against the deprivation of a fair trial.
D.P.
Lambda Appeals Asylum Denial for Russian Lesbian
Lambda Legal Defense Fund has filed a federal court appeal on
behalf of Alla Pitcherskaia, a lesbian from Russia presently living
in San Francisco who's petition for asylum was denied in a 2-1
decision by the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals on Nov. 13.
Washington Blade, Jan. 12.
Lambda served as co-counsel for
Pitcherskaia's appeal from a negative decision by an immigration
judge.
The judge, and subsequently the appeals board, decided that
changing conditions in Russia made it likely that the problems
Pitcherskaia encountered in Russia would not recur upon her return.
In particular, commenting on Pitcherskaia's evidence that she had
been involuntarily confined to a mental institution in an attempt
to "cure" her lesbianism, the Board observed that her treatment did
not involve "long-term confinement or invasive therapy such as a
lobotomy, electric shock therapy or administration of certain
psychotropic drugs," and thus did not rise the level of persecution
necessary to support an asylum petition.
The board found that the
treatment to which she was subjected was "based on the belief that
the lesbianism is a mental illness of which she can be treated or
cured.
From the evidence presented, we must conclude that it was
an intent, albeit misguided and inappropriate, to treat a supposed
mental illness."
The Board concluded that such intent did not
constitute persecution.
The ruling in Pitcherskaia's case raises
concerns about other pending petitions from Russian lesbians and
gay men, since it raises an extraordinarily high standard for
petitioners to meet.
A.S.L.
Lesbian Mother Appeals Change of Custody in Florida
The Florida appellate courts will get their first chance to join
the growing debate in state appeals courts over the relevance of a
lesbian mother's cohabitation with a same-sex partner to parental
fitness when the First District Court of Appeal considers Mary
Ward's appeal of a decision by Escambia Circuit Judge Joseph
Tarbuck rendered in August.
Mary Ward had custody of her 11-year
old daughter after divorcing John Ward four years ago.
Mary had
married John nine years previously after his release from a prison
term for the murder of his first wife.
Last year Mary moved the
court for an increase in child support payments; John responded by
moving to modify the custody decree, complaining about his wife's
cohabitation with a lesbian partner and presence of another lesbian
couple living in the house.
(It was also noted that Mary's
daughter from a prior marriage was now living as a lesbian.)
Finding the cohabitation and the mother's lesbian lifestyle
sufficient grounds for a change of custody, Judge Tarbuck stated:
"This child should be given the opportunity and the option to live
in a nonlesbian world."
He opined that the daughter might be
influenced to become a lesbian as a result of living with her
mother and her mother's lover, and ordered that she move from her
mother's house to the mobile home occupied by her father and his
new wife.
Commented Tarbuck, "I don't think that this child ought
to be led into that relationship before she has a full opportunity
to know that she can live another lifestyle if she wants to and not
be led into this lifestyle just by virtue of the fact of her living
accommodations."
Tarbuck did authorize visitation rights for Mary.
Lawyers for Mary speculated that John's motivation for bringing the
modification petition was actually that he found support payments
burdensome.
The National Center for Lesbian Rights is representing
Mary on appeal, with amicus assistance from Lambda Legal Defense
Fund.
According to the attorneys, this will be the first case in
which Florida appellate courts have to decide whether the presence
of a lesbian partner in the home is per se a disqualifying factor
for custody.
This is an issue as to which state appellate courts
are sharply split, as Law Notes readers will know from our reports
of recent months.
Miami Herald, Orlando Sentinel, St. Petersburg
Times (all Feb. 1).
A.S.L.
Los Angeles Backs Down on Privacy Claim by Lesbian Police Officer
A controversy arose in Los Angeles about personally invasive
question to which a lesbian police officer was subjected when she
filed claims about harassment on the job based on her gender and
sexual orientation.
The ACLU wrote to the city on her behalf,
resulting in a City Attorney move to narrow the scope of questions
asked "in areas involving personal relationships" and to train
lawyers in the worker's compensation division on how to elicit
relevant information without invading the privacy rights of claims
applicants.
Los Angeles Times, Jan. 20.
A.S.L.
Other Domestic Partnership & Marriage Notes
Following up on the report issued by the Hawaii Commission on
Sexual Orientation and the Law, bills were introduced and referred
to committee in both houses of the Hawaii legislature to authorize
same sex marriage and to establish a domestic partnership status.
At the same time, bills were also filed seeking to amend the Hawaii
Constitution to preclude a court ruling ordering the state to
recognize same-sex marriages. The House committee moved quickly,
holding hearings and rejecting both substantive proposals, as well
as the proposal to amend the state constitution.
In the Senate
committee, the marriage and constitutional amendment proposals were
also rejected, but further consideration was ordered for the
domestic partnership proposal, as to which hearings were to beheld
early in February. * * * Meanwhile, the Hawaii Supreme Court ruled
against an attempt by representatives of the Mormon Church in
Hawaii to intervene in the pending same-sex marriage case, which is
now called Baehr v. Miike.
In an opinion issued January 23, 1996
WL 22333, Justice Nakayama rejected the applicants' claim that the
trial court abused its discretion in rejecting their application.
For one thing, Nakayama found that the Church did not have "an
interest relating to the property or transaction which was the
subject of the action," as required by the intervention statute.
The Church had argued that the outcome might endanger its state-
issued license to perform marriages, because it would adamantly
refuse to solemnize same-sex marriages.
The court pointed out that
the Hawaii statute governing who can solemnize marriages made clear
that religious bodies were authorized to solemnize marriages that
were consistent with the tenets and practices of their religion,
and it would violate freedom of religion under the First Amendment
for the state to compel them to do otherwise.
Consequently, the
Church's fears that it would be exposed to legal liability for
refusing to perform such marriages were groundless.
The court also
rejected the Church's attempt to participate on discretionary
grounds, dismissing as unfounded the Church's argument that the
state would not adequately defend the current marriage statute in
the forthcoming trial.
Two more major Hollywood studies heard from: Metro-Goldwyn Mayer
Inc. (and its subsidiary United Artists Pictures) and DreamWorks
SKG have both announced extension of spousal benefits, including
health and dental coverage, to same-sex partners of employees.
In
a Jan. 3 press release announcing the news, Hollywood Supports
(HS), an organization formed by entertainment industry leaders to
be a resource to the industry on HIV and sexual orientation issues,
reported that more than 40 entertainment companies have now
extended such benefits to their employees and that every major
Hollywood studio (except one not mentioned in the release) has
adopted such benefits. * * *
In subsequent releases, HS reported
that the Directors Guild-Industry Health Fund has joined the
Writers Guild-Industry Health Fund in extending domestic
partnership coverage for fund members.
HS also reported that a
major entertainment law firm, Greenberg, Glusker, Fields, Claman &
Machinger, had also adopted a domestic partnership health benefits
program.
According to HS, Greenberg Glusker is the first major
entertainment law firm to adopt such a plan, although several other
significant Los Angeles firms have done so, including Latham &
Watkins, Irell & Manella, and Bronson, Bronson & McKinnon.
San Francisco's Board of Supervisors took a symbolic step toward
same-sex marriage by approving a resolution authorizing the
performance of ceremonies to solemnize domestic partnerships.
The
resolution was unanimously approved the measure late in January,
and pending a second reading early in February was scheduled to
take effect March 21.
Ironically, just days later the State
Assembly passed a bill, AB 1982, that would bar California from
recognizing same-sex marriages contracted in other jurisdictions,
by a vote of 41-31 with 7 abstentions, all the no-votes coming from
Democrats.
(On Jan. 26, the Los Angeles City Council approved a
resolution opposing AB 1982 by a 10-1 vote.)
Similar bills have
been introduced in several states around the country, probably
responding to a spate of national media attention to the Hawaii
case that spurred anti-gay groups into action.
A similar measure,
H.B. 1143, passed one house of the South Dakota legislature by a
vote of 49-18. In Tennessee, a state legislator managed to stall
such a bill by suggesting the need for an opinion from the Attorney
General on its constitutionality, in light of the state's
responsibility under federal constitutional mandate to give "full
faith and credit" to legal acts of other states, according to the
Knoxville News-Sentinel.
According to Evan Wolfson, Director of
Lambda Legal Defense Fund's Marriage Project, such bills are
pending or threatened in about fifteen states.
And the op-ed wars
rage on the issue, with many articles appearing multiple times
around the country due to syndication.
Alaska's House Finance Committee has approved a bill that would
authorize the state to deny health and retirement benefits to
unmarried domestic partners of its employees.
The bill responds to
a trial court ruling in Tumeo v. University of Alaska, in which the
court ruled that the University was obligated under
antidiscrimination policies to provide such benefits.
The
committee vote split exactly on party lines, with all Democrats
dissenting, and one arguing that the vote was premature until the
Alaska Supreme Court ruled on the state's appeal.
Anchorage Daily
News, Jan. 31.
A lesbian legal writing instructor at the University of Pittsburgh
filed a complaint with the Pittsburgh Human Rights Commission in
January, charging a violation of the city's ordinance banning
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
The complaint
is based on the University's refusal to extend health care coverage
to the instructor's partner on the same basis as it is extended to
faculty spouses.
Deborah Henson alleged that opposite-sex partners
of University employees can obtain the benefits easily, because the
University requires no proof of marital status and Pennsylvania has
liberal common law marriage rules. Henson is represented by the
Pittsburgh Chapter of the ACLU.
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Jan. 11.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
The Olathe School District in Kansas has decided not to appeal a
decision by the U.S. District Court in Case v. Unified School
District No. 233, 1995 WL 708288, in which the court found that the
District violated the 1st Amendment when the schools superintendent
and school board determined not to accept the donation of copies of
a lesbian novel, Annie on My Mind, based on its content.
The
District's committee of librarians had determined that the book was
of literary merit for addition to the school libraries, after
copies were donated by a gay rights group.
The Washington Blade
reported that the district announced in a Dec. 28 press release
that it would abide by the ruling of the court rather than spend
community resources on an appeal.
The press release also noted
that the school's insurance coverage was not large enough to cover
further litigation on the matter.
In a final vote taken Jan. 23, the Virginia Housing Development
Authority bowed to the wishes of Gov. George Allen and voted to
reverse a 1994 policy that had extended eligibility for housing
loans to unmarried couples, whether opposite-sex or same-sex.
The
Authority members voting for the change said they were doing this
to promote the "traditional" family.
Dissenting in the 6-2 vote,
Commissioner Albert C. Eisenberg said, "This is bigoted nonsense
elevated to state policy.
You have no reason and no right to hurt
the people this proposal would deny."
According to a report in the
Washington Post (Jan. 24), federal officials are scrutinizing the
policy change.
The Post reported that an unnamed lawyer at the
Federal Reserve Board said that discrimination on the basis of
marital status generally violates federal fair housing law, and a
spokesperson for the Federal Housing Administration, Alex Sachs,
said that FHA would review its relationship with the Virginia
agency as a result of this vote.
Domestic violence within a gay male relationship erupted in Akron,
Ohio, last October, when Christopher Ruple killed Jody Van Buskirk,
beating him to death with a two-by-four board during a dispute
between the former domestic partners whose relationship was
breaking up.
On Jan. 23, Ruple was sentenced to 10-25 years in
prison by Summit County, Ohio, Common Pleas Judge Beth Whitmore.
Ruple's attorney and police investigators agreed that it was Van
Buskirk who first picked up the two-by-four during the fight and
started to beat Ruple with it, but Ruple managed to get hold of the
board and beat Van Buskirk repeatedly (and obviously more than was
necessary for self-defense).
Initially charged with murder, Ruple
pled guilty to voluntary manslaughter, and received the maximum
sentence authorized by Ohio law.
Judge Whitmore cited Ruple's
"violent past" (he had previously been convicted of domestic
violence in a 1993 incident involving Van Buskirk and there were
numerous police reports, restraining orders, and hospital visits
during the two men's relationship) and the brutality of the attack
in justifying the maximum sentence.
Akron Beacon Journal, Jan. 24.
British researchers found that children raised in lesbian
households are not more likely to turn out gay when they become
adults than are children raised in non-lesbian households.
The
study by researchers at the City University of London studied 25
children born to lesbian mothers and compared them to 21 children
raised by unmarried heterosexual mothers, most of whom had a male
companion in the home. The study received international media
attention during the first week in January. And, a study released
in the American Journal of Psychiatry that also got widespread
media play reported that the chances that a man will be gay are
sharply increased if he has several older brothers.
Whatever that
means. . .?
The San Francisco Board of Supervisors reversed an earlier decision
that had denied funding to a Salvation Army operated shelter, after
receiving assurances that the program would not discriminate based
on sexual orientation.
The openly gay members of the Board were
split; Carol Migden voted for funding, but Tommy Ammiano was the
sole vote against.
Migden said she wanted to give the group an
opportunity to reform, but Ammiano said the Board was voting based
on mere promises of future action, and he wanted to see reform
precede the funding.
San Francisco Examiner, Jan. 17.
As we speculated last month, Georgia Attorney General Michael
Bowers has petitioned the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals for en banc
reconsideration of a three-judge panel's decision in Shahar v.
Bowers, which challenges his action of withdrawing a job offer from
an attorney after he discovered that she was having a commitment
ceremony with her lesbian lover performed by a rabbi.
The Circuit
Court held Bowers' action probably violative of the federal
constitution on freedom of association grounds, and remanded for
trial. A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
Maryland Governor Parris N. Glendening (D) has submitted a bill to
the state legislature to ban sexual orientation discrimination in
housing, employment and public accommodations.
Although Gov.
Glendening offered support for a gay rights bill considered in the
previous session, this is the first time he has introduced a bill
as an administration proposal.
Glendening had previously supported
enactment of a non-discrimination measure in Prince George's County
when he was county executive, and pledged support in his campaign
for governor.
Four prior state gay rights bills have gone down to
defeat in Maryland.
Washington Post, Feb. 1.
The Portland, Oregon, City Council is considering a proposal to
amend the city's human rights law to add protection for
transsexuals.
Margaret D. O'Hartigan, a transsexual woman,
addressed the Council on Jan. 10 seeking this change in the law.
The matter was referred to the Metropolitan Human Rights Commission
to hold hearings and make a recommendation to the Council.
The
city's code already prohibits sexual orientation discrimination,
but does not directly address discrimination against transsexuals
and transvestites, who would both be covered under O'Hartigan's
proposals.
Oregonian, Jan. 11.
A.S.L.
International Notes
A gay newspaper in New Zealand reported that the government there
is considering revising the Matrimonial Property Act to take
account of the interests of unmarried domestic partners, and a
representative from the Labour Party indicated that the party
caucus would receive a proposal to submit legislation on the issue.
In Italy, the Council of Pisa Province approved a resolution
calling on the Italian Parliament to enact a law authorizing same-
sex civil unions, and calling on municipal councils in the province
to establish domestic partnership registry systems for their
residents.
Astride Indricane and Birgita Bohvinger were the first lesbians to
marry under Latvia's democratic government, according to a news
brief in the Chicago Tribune (Jan. 7).
Responding to a complaint by a gay rights group in Boston that gay
Jewish emigrees bound for Israel had been discouraged by a Jewish
Agency Official, the Agency announced that it would distribute
information about gay rights in Israel to all of its overseas
officials.
The announcement came after a meeting between the
Jewish Agency's chief for "aliyah," Uri Gordon, and Amit Kamah, a
leader in the Israeli gay rights movement.
(Note: National law in
Israel forbids sexual orientation discrimination in employment,
consensual sodomy between adults is legal, the military does not
bar service by openly lesbian and gay members, and the Israel
Supreme Court has required the national airline, El Al, to treat
the domestic partner of a flight attendant as having the same
entitlement to benefits as a spouse.
The national gay rights
organization operates openly and maintains a community center in
Tel Aviv, and there is a Parliamentary subcommittee headed by a
prominent pro-gay activist (the daughter of a celebrated Israeli
war hero) concerned with lesbian and gay issues in Israel.)
The Washington Blade reported that the Supreme Court of British
Columbia, Canada, has upheld Canadian Customs' seizure of gay books
coming into the country bound for a gay bookstore in Vancouver.
The news report said that the court found the Customs policy
discriminatory, but not unlawful, but did not describe the court's
rationale for its conclusion.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Roberta Achtenberg, unsuccessful in her attempt to win the
mayoralty of San Francisco, will be rejoining the U.S. Department
of Housing and Urban Development on a temporary appointment as a
senior advisory to Secretary Henry Cisneros, the San Francisco
Examiner reported on Feb. 1.
Achtenberg indicated that she plans
to return to San Francisco permanently, but agreed to return to
Washington temporarily while her son completes 5th grade at the
Washington school where he is enrolled this academic year.
Matt Foreman, longtime executive director of the New York City Gay
and Lesbian Anti-Violence Project, has announced his resignation.
Under his leadership, the Project significantly expanded its active
caseload and increased its visibility locally and nationally, in
recent years coordinating the national release of statistics on
anti-gay hate crimes to the press. A nationwide search is being
conducted for a successor.
Interested persons should contact the
AVP at 647 Hudson Street, New York, NY 10014. A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Supreme Court Denies Review in Massachusetts AIDS-Education Case
The U.S. Supreme Court denied a petition for certiorari in Curtis
v. School Committee of Falmouth, 420 Mass. 749, 652 N.E.2d 580
(1995)(No. 95-617, 64 USLW 3456 [1/9/96]).
In that case, the
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court rejected claims by the parents
of high school students that the parents' and students'
constitutional rights were violated when the school required
students to participate in health education classes where safe sex
practices were discussed and condoms were made available.
The
district had decided not to offer parents a veto or opt-out on
participation by their children. The Massachusetts court held that
this did not deprive the parents of their constitutional due
process right to raise their children as they see fit, or their
First Amendment right of free exercise of religion.
A.S.L.
Third Circuit Reverses Verdict in HIV Confidentiality Lawsuit
In Doe v. Southeastern Pennsylvania Trans. Auth., 1995 WL 762891
(U.S.Ct.App., 3d Cir., Dec. 28), the court reversed a jury verdict
for a plaintiff on his Section 1983 claim that the defendant's
revelations of his HIV status had deprived him of his
constitutional right to privacy.
John Doe, a psychologist, worked for SEPTA, a self-insured state
agency. Doe was prescribed with drugs specific to his HIV
treatment, which he filled through SEPTA's prescription benefits
plan.
A SEPTA administrator responsible for reducing the amount
the agency was paying for benefits reviewed reports which showed
employee names and the drugs they were prescribed and later
discussed the report and Doe's HIV status with other SEPTA
employees.
A jury found in Doe's favor, and awarded him damages.
The trial court denied the defendant's motion for a new trial.
See
Doe v. Southeastern Pennsylvania Trans. Auth., 1995 WL 334290 (E.D.
Pa. June 2); see also, Court Upholds Jury Verdict in HIV
Confidentiality Case, 1995 LGLN 110.
A divided three-judge panel of the Third Circuit reversed.
The
lead opinion, by Judge Max Rosenn, found that the record did not
support a jury finding that Doe's interest in maintaining the
confidentiality of the information outweighed SEPTA's interest in
knowing it in order to avoid escalating health care and insurance
costs.
Judge Morton Greenberg concurred with Judge Rosenn's
analysis and result, but disputed his interpretation of the facts
of the case, and felt that the court's reading of the facts should
have been more deferential to Doe, reflecting a more serious
interpretation of the privacy right at stake.
Judge Timothy Lewis
disagreed with the result reached by his colleagues and would have
found sufficient evidence in the record to support the jury verdict
in Doe's favor.
Given the disagreement among the judges on the
panel, the case is presumably ripe for an en banc review by the
Third Circuit.
D.W.
Federal Court Rejects Strict Liability Claim Against Catheter
Manufacturer in HIV Transmission Suit
In Riley v. Becton Dickinson Vascular Access, Inc., 1995 WL 771126
(E.D. Pa., Dec. 29), the plaintiff, a registered nurse, had become
infected with HIV after getting stuck with the needle of a catheter
she was trying to insert into the arm of a patient at a hospital
where she worked.
Becton Dickinson, the manufacturer of the
catheter, was sued on a theory of strict liability.
Riley argued
that the design was unsafe for its intended use because the needle
would remain exposed after it is withdrawn from the catheter,
making a needle stick possible.
Ruling on defendant's motion for summary judgment, the court
evaluated this claim under Pennsylvania law, which requires a
risk/utility analysis, and defendant's argument that the
manufacturer of this devise should not, as a matter of social
policy bear the costs of Ms. Riley's injury.
The court granted the
motion after a detailed discussion of factors which have to be
considered: usefulness and desirability of the product; likelihood
of cause of harm and seriousness of such injury; availability of
safer substitutes; economic feasibility of a safer design; user's
ability to avoid danger through proper exercise of care in use;
user's anticipated awareness of dangers inherent in the product and
their avoidability; feasibility of manufacturer's spreading risk of
loss through pricing the product or carrying liability insurance.
The court emphasized that the question was not whether the
plaintiff deserved compensation for this accident, but whether the
manufacturer had to bear the costs.
The court engaged in a detailed discussion of the balancing
test as to each of these factors and determined that Becton
Dickinson should not have to bear the risk involved.
The court
noted that the defendant, not the plaintiff, submitted statistics
as to likelihood of infection, and the court concluded that the
likelihood of infection was minimal: only slightly more than the
two or so incidents per year posited by the defendant. In fact,
Becton Dickinson stated that there were only three instances where
an HIV infection needle stick using this device were reported since
1981, a period during which it stated that it sold 1.5 billion such
catheters.
The court found that, while the catheter was dangerous,
it was not unreasonably so, that the catheter in question was a
highly desirable product which posed little risk of serious injury,
and that shifting costs to the manufacturer was not justified under
this analysis.
The court also rejected a broader social policy test that would
shift costs to a third party (in this case, Becton Dickinson)
as inapplicable on the same grounds, particularly where
Pennsylvania public policy, as embodied by the Worker's
Compensation Statute provided Ms. Riley a remedy by shifting the
costs of this work related injury to her employer. S.K.
Federal Court Refuses to Dismiss Discrimination Claim Against
Surgeon Who Delayed Operation of HIV+ Patient
In Sharrow v. Bailey and Williamsport Hospital, 1995 WL 775354
(M.D.Pa., Nov. 17), the Judge McClure of the U.S. District Court
denied the defendants' motions to dismiss plaintiff's claims of
HIV-related discrimination under the Americans With Disabilities
Act (ADA) and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.
The
court granted their motions to dismiss claims of intentional
infliction of emotional distress and medical malpractice, however.
Bailey was Sharrow's orthopedic surgeon.
Sharrow, twice amputated
below the knew, required surgery on an infected rod which had been
inserted during his amputations.
According to Sharrow, Bailey
delayed his leg surgery by one day because of Sharrow's HIV+
status.
He requested that the hospital supply him and his staff
with protective suits, but the hospital refused.
Another doctor
performed the surgery the day after it was originally scheduled.
The court first noted that professional offices of health care
providers are places of public accommodation under the ADA.
Bailey
argued that since he did not refuse Sharrow service at his office,
he could not be liable under the statue.
The court rejected that
idea, holding that "[t]o superimpose on the statute a requirement
that the plaintiff must present himself or herself at the
defendant's place of business and there be denied service or
receive unequal service would be illogical and contrary to the
underlying intent of the Act."
Under Bailey's view, a doctor who
refused a disabled person service over the telephone, rather than
in the office, could not be liable under the statute.
"Congress
plainly did not intend the ADA to apply only to those persons who
enter a physical structure."
Under the Rehabilitation Act, no "program or activity" receiving
federal funding may discriminate against an otherwise qualified
individual on the basis of his or her handicap.
The court denied
Bailey's motion to dismiss on jurisdictional grounds, because no
discovery had yet been conducted that might reveal evidence to
contradict Bailey's claim that none of his patients received
federal assistance such as Medicare or Medicaid.
If any of his
patients received such assistance, Bailey could be liable under the
Act.
The court granted Bailey's motion to dismiss Sharrow's claim of
intentional infliction of emotional distress because the conduct
here had not reached a sufficient level of outrageousness even
under the less stringent standard applied to relationships of
"trust and confidence" like that of doctor and patient.
The court denied the hospital's motion to dismiss the claims
against it, which were stated under a vicarious liability theory,
because no discovery had been conducted that might reveal facts to
cast doubt on the hospital's claim that Bailey had only staff
privileges.
The court granted defendants' motion to dismiss the
claim of medical malpractice without analysis.
M.S.R.
Federal Court Rejects HIV+ Prisoner's Bid for Early Release
U.S. District Judge Charles Sifton rejected a New York State
prisoner's contention that his constitutional rights were denied
when his application for a temporary release was rejected by prison
authorities.
Jerrell v. New York, 1996 WL 19173 (E.D.N.Y., Jan.
12).
Jerrell was convicted of first-degree burglary and second-
degree robbery in 1986, and was sentenced as a "persistent violent
offender" under the N.Y. Penal Law.
He is scheduled to be released
on parole in December 1996.
He applied for temporary release in
1994 but was rejected on grounds that his petition was premature.
He filed again in April 1995, but this time was denied due to new,
tightened eligibility criteria promulgated by Governor Pataki,
which he did not meet.
Jerrell then sued in federal court,
claiming that as a "long-term, terminally ill prisoner with a
positive prison record" he had suffered constitutionally cognizable
unfairness by the rejection of his application.
Judge Sifton found that the state law creating the temporary
release program specifically denominates participation a
"privilege" rather than a right, so Jerrell could not base his
claim on a due process liberty interest.
As to equal protection,
Sifton found that the rejection was subject to rationality review,
and that the criteria established by the government for
participation were rational and reasonably related to New York's
penal interests.
While conceding that Jerrell's HIV status gave
him a "strong interest in being released from prison at the
earliest possible date," Sifton found that Jerrell had alleged "no
facts from which it can be inferred that the state was motivated by
discrimination in enacting the criteria petitioner seeks to
challenge."
Of course, an equal protection claim requires a
showing of intentional discrimination.
Jerrell had also requested
a default judgment because the government failed to put in its
answer in time, but Sifton found that Jerrell had not been
prejudiced and that the state's tardiness was due to a "large
workload."
Such is justice in New York.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Affirms Rejection of Disability Benefits for PWA
Evidencing the tightening of eligibility requirements for Social
Security Disability benefits, U.S. District Judge Robert P.
Patterson, Jr. (S.D.N.Y.) affirmed a determination by the Social
Security Administration that Kenneth Brakett was not eligible for
disability insurance benefits or supplemental security income under
federal law.
Brakett v. Chater, 1996 WL 26579.
Brakett applied
for benefits in December 1992, having ceased work on October 31 of
that year, claiming permanent inability to engage in substantial
gainful activity.
Brakett's health problems include severe chronic
obstructive pulmonary disease, emphysema, asthma, a history of
polysubstance abuse, peripheral neuropathy and pain secondary to
alcohol abuse, hepatitis C, depression, and HIV-related sickness,
including AIDS wasting syndrome.
According to his physician, he
was not capable of standing more than two hours a day or lifting
more than ten pounds.
He walks with a cane.
However, after a
hearing, ALJ Herbert Rosenstein determined that he was capable of
performing "sedentary work" and was thus not permanently disabled
within the meaning of the statute.
On appeal to the district court, Judge Patterson applied the
"substantial evidence" test and found that although Barkett's
physician had noted on his medical record that he was "unable to
work due to severe COPD and Asthma," the physician had also found
and noted on records that Brakett could "sit without limitation,
walk and stand for up to 2 hours in an 8 hour workday, and
lift/carry up to 10 pounds."
Thus, there was evidence in the
record to support the ALJ's conclusion, which must be affirmed.
*
* *
In an unrelated case, U.S. District Judge Dearie reversed and
remanded another decision concerning denial of disability benefits
to a person with HIV-infection.
Felder v. Chater, 1995 WL 745018
(E.D.N.Y., Dec. 4).
Judge Dearie found that the ALJ was mistaken
in applying a regulation concerning eligibility of HIV-infected
persons, by failing to recognize that the pneumonia for which the
applicant was treated was clearly on the list of HIV-related
complications that would trigger eligibility for disability
benefits under the Social Security Act. A.S.L.
Nebraska Supreme Court Leaves Foster Child with PWA Mom
The Nebraska Supreme Court denied review of In re John, 538 N.W.2d
761 (Neb.App. 1995), in which the state's court of appeals held
that a woman with AIDS could continue as custodian of a foster
child.
The lower court had overruled a decision by the Nebraska
Department of Social Services, which sought to move the child when
it learned that the foster mother had AIDS and which had won the
first stage of litigation at the trial court.
The appeals court
found that the potential disruption to the child's life by changing
custody at present significantly offset any future disruption due
to the mother's illness.
Washington Blade, Jan. 12.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Finds Jury Issue on Whether HIV+ Insurance Applicant
Defrauded Insurer by Asserting He Was Healthy
The issue of whether an individual who has tested positive for HIV,
and who states on an application for disability insurance that he
or she is "in good health to the best of my knowledge and belief,"
thereby commits fraud is a question of fact for the factfinder
ruled U.S. District Judge Lewis A. Kaplan, denying a motion for
summary judgment in Berkshire Life Ins. Co. v. Owens, 1996 WL 11198
(S.D.N.Y. Jan. 11).
Richard Owens obtained disability insurance coverage from Berkshire
Life in February 1991.
In September 1991, Owens tested positive
for HIV.
The policy was maintained until May 1992 when it lapsed
for nonpayment of premiums.
In October 1992, Owens applied for
reinstatement of the policy.
On the application, Owens represented
that he was in good health to the best of his knowledge and belief.
Owens subsequently became ill and filed a claim against his
disability policy.
A routine investigation revealed that Owens
knew of his HIV status at the time of his reinstatement, and
coverage under the policy was denied.
Berkshire Life brought a
declaratory judgment action asking that the policy be rescinded.
Owens counter-claimed for breach of contract. In his deposition,
Owens maintained that when he applied for reinstatement of the
policy he felt perfectly healthy and had not consulted a physician
for the HIV infection.
Both sides moved for summary judgment on
the issue of coverage.
Both sides submitted affidavits of experts on HIV and AIDS.
Berkshire's expert characterized HIV as a debilitating disease
without a cure.
Owens' expert stated that someone with HIV who
believes that he is and will stay health is hopeful but not naive.
Judge Kaplan found that statements about one's own health are
statements of opinion and not statements of fact.
The issue is
whether a person can, in good faith, believe he was justified in
giving the answer he did.
In light of the conflicting experts'
affidavits, Kaplan found a genuine issue of material fact and
denied summary judgment.
The judge noted that cross-examination of
both experts might prove revealing on this issue.
Who knows? In
front of a Manhattan jury, anything could happen.
T.V.L.
Oregon Supreme Court Orders Trial on AIDS Insurance Claim
The Supreme Court of Oregon ruled on December 29, on very narrow
facts, that state law claims for breach of contract and bad faith
against a health insurer are not pre-empted by ERISA.
Shaw v. PACC
Health Plan, Inc., 908 P.2d 308.
During 1990, Ronald Shaw's employer decided to obtain health
insurance for her employees effective January 1, 1991.
In August
1990, the employer submitted medical history forms for all of her
employees to a broker for submission to an insurance carrier.
The
insurance carrier approved the plan and provided an estimate for
the cost of coverage.
During the fall, the employer reviewed this
proposal along with proposals from several other carriers,
including PACC Health Plans, Inc.
The employer's review indicate
that PACC was going to be a better deal than the other carrier.
Consequently, on December 26, 1990, the broker gave the employer an
application for PACC's health plan.
Rather than having her
employees complete updated medical history forms, the employer
simply re-dated the forms completed in August.
PACC received the
application and gave it preliminary approval on January 2, 1991.
Prior to final approval, Robert Shaw, one of the employer's
employees became ill and was hospitalized with pneumocystis, a
condition that often occurs with people who have AIDS.
Shaw then
tested positive for HIV.
Shortly after Shaw was admitted to the
hospital, a PACC employee who visited the hospital to pick up claim
forms, suspected that Shaw might have AIDS and reported her
suspicions to PACC.
On January 16, 1991, PACC denied the
employer's application for insurance and did not cover any of
Shaw's hospitalization in January 1991. Shaw sued his employer, the
broker and PACC alleging breach of an oral promise; negligent
processing of the application; and bad faith.
Shaw settled with
his employer.
His claims against PACC were dismissed on a motion
for summary judgment finding that the claims were pre-empted by
ERISA.
The claim against the broker went to trial and the jury
found for the broker. Shaw appealed PACC's summary judgment to the
Court of Appeals, which upheld the ruling 2-1.
Shaw appealed to
the Supreme Court of Oregon, which reversed the lower court's
decision.
The issue of pre-emption turns on whether a health plan was
"established" for the purposes of ERISA. Finding that final
approval of the plan is necessary to "establish" a health plan
under ERISA, the court found no pre-emption and remanded the case
for a determination of Shaw's state law claims.
T.V.L.
Massachusetts Appeals Court Reverses Rape Verdict Due to AIDS-
Panicked Trial Judge
Setting aside rape, assault and battery verdicts entered against
Edward T. Martin, the Appeals Court of Massachusetts found that the
trial judge had made several errors in handling the issue of HIV
and AIDS in the trial.
Commonwealth v. Martin, 1996 WL 30622 (Jan.
24).
According to the complainant's testimony, Martin, a former
boyfriend who was incarcerated, told her on the telephone that he
was HIV+ and had AIDS.
Complainant purchased a train ticket to Las
Vegas to be sure she was out of town on Martin's prison release
date, which she thought was May 27, 1991.
But he showed up at her
apartment building in the early morning hours of May 17, forced
himself in, and raped and beat her repeatedly.
In his defense,
Martin claimed that their sex was consensual and that her bruise
marks were due to an altercation with another man earlier in the
day.
At trial, the defense objected to the prosecutor asking the
complainant about the telephone conversation concerning the
defendant's HIV-status as irrelevant to the issue of consent.
The
prosecution argued it was relevant because if complainant believed
Martin was HIV+, it is unlikely she would have consented to
unprotected sex.
On the stand, complainant gave her story, and
testified that when Martin ejaculated in her, she believed she
would catch AIDS and die.
The appeals court found that this
testimony was admissible, but only if the court instructed the jury
about its limited relevance and warned them not to let this
information prejudice them against the defendant solely due to
their belief about his HIV-status, which was not done.
During the trial, the judge was contacted by a court officer, who
told him that the defendant had become very upset about how the
trial was going and cut himself on the hand.
Alarmed by this
development, the judge concocted his own theory that the defendant
had a plan to create a mistrial by seizing his attorney and using
his blood to create an incident in the courtroom.
The next day,
over objection by defense counsel, who asserted that she needed no
protection from the defendant, the judge ordered restraints placed
on the defendant and an obstruction placed between defendant and
his counsel.
At the close of trial, the judge told the jury that
certain physical evidence was wrapped in plastic and that if they
wanted to handle it during deliberations, he would have gloves
supplied to them.
Finally, he gave the jury a written copy of his
charge, without following normal procedures in Massachusetts of
getting agreement of both parties, and the charge omitted his
statements about the gloves.
The defendant did not testify at
trial.
The court of appeals concluded that Martin had not received a fair
trial, based on all these incidents.
The court particularly noted
that by offering the jury gloves to examine the physical evidence,
the judge was communicating his view that defendant was HIV+, as to
which the only evidence before the court was the hearsay testimony
of the complainant, which was attacked as to credibility by several
witnesses for the defendant.
The court found all the other matters
recounted above problematic, but the gloves incident seemed the
worst.
"We recognize that the case against the defendant was
strong," wrote Judge Smith for the court. "We are also aware that
the jury did find the defendant not guilty of one rape. [He was
charged with having raped the complainant twice.]
However, the
cumulative effect of the several errors leads us to one conclusion
-- the defendant did not receive a fair trial."
A new trial was
ordered.
A.S.L.
NY Trial Court Refuses to Drop Criminal Charges Against PWA for
Selling Marijuana for Medicinal Purposes
New York City Criminal Court Judge Robert Stolz refused to drop
criminal charges against John Moore, a person with AIDS, for
criminal sale and unlawful possession of marijuana.
Denying a
motion for dismissal in the interest of justice in People v. John
Moore, NYLJ, 1/31/96, at 27, col.3 (N.Y. County), Stolz reviewed
the various factors established by the courts for deciding such
dismissal motions and concluded that the "necessity defense" argued
on behalf of Moore did not provide a sound basis for granting the
motion.
Moore was arrested on August 21, 1995, while making a marijuana
sale in Washington Square Park in Manhattan.
Moore contended that
he distributed marijuana "at cost" to other PWAs after acquiring
his own experience of therapeutic help from its use.
Moore stated
that he began using marijuana to treat some of his chronic
symptoms, including pain, nausea and lack of appetite, and
discovered that it was effective for these purposes.
Moore claimed
that he only sold to those who could document their medical need.
Reviewing the factors for granting such a motion, Stolz found that
the crimes charged were serious, that Moore was totally without
credentials to be engaged in medical distribution of marijuana, and
that while he might be "well motivated" if his story was true,
there could be serious harm in the court condoning his activities
by dismissing the charges. Furthermore, despite his AIDS diagnosis,
Moore's own physical condition was not such that it was necessary
to refrain from imposing a sentence in the interest of justice, as
such motions are usually granted only when the defendant is in
extremely poor health.
Consequently, the motion was denied.
A.S.L.
New York Proposes New Regulations on Newborn Testing
The New York State Register of December 13 carried the State Health
Department's proposed regulations to implement the settlement
agreement in a lawsuit that challenged the state's failure to
mandate disclosure to mothers of the HIV test results from their
newborn children.
New York currently has a blinded seroprevalence
survey program, under which each newborn is tested for HIV on an
anonymous basis in order to compile epidemiological data.
The proposed regulation mandates that all women who come in for
prenatal care be counselled to consent to HIV testing for
themselves, and be referred for proper treatment if they test
positive.
In addition, the regulations mandate that HIV-status
information on the mother be transferred to the newborn's medical
chart, and that mothers of newborns be counselled and encouraged to
consent to HIV testing for their child.
The mother's response must
be noted on the hospital record, and if the mother does not
respond, the physician may perform a risk factor assessment and
perform unconsented testing on the child if the physician
determines that an emergency exists.
The crucial sentence is as follows: "If the mother has neither
consented nor refused consent, and the physician makes a
determination before discharge that an emergency exists, and the
infant is in immediate need of medical attention and an attempt to
secure consent would result in delay of treatment which would
increase the risk to the infant's life or health, then the
physician may order the HIV newborn test to determine whether the
infant has been exposed to the HIV virus [sic] such that testing
would address the emergency and therefore would be necessary to
preserve the life or health of the infant, and would assist in
future treatment and follow-up care." This sentence lends itself to
the interpretation that a very narrow set of circumstances would
justify unconsented testing of the newborn, but many of the key
phrases leave considerable room for interpretation.
The regulation
also provides that if a positive test is obtained, the child and
mother should be referred for appropriate follow-up treatment.
The proposed regulations were published for public comment, but no
public hearings were scheduled.
A final version of the regulations
would have to be published before they can go into effect.
A.S.L.
Funeral Home Settles Discrimination Claims
The Fisher Funeral Home in Portsmouth, Virginia, has settled claims
that it discriminatorily charged extra fees for embalming persons
who died from AIDS.
According to a Jan. 19 report by the
Association Press, the settlement, by which the Funeral Home agrees
to stop making the surcharges and pays refunds and damages to those
who had been surcharged, was the first obtained by the government
against a Funeral Home under the Americans With Disabilities Act,
which treats funeral homes as places of public accommodation.
New
York Times, Jan. 20.
A.S.L.
Settlement Announced in Charon Case
The ACLU AIDS & Civil Liberties Project announced Jan. 23 a
settlement in the long-running litigation concerning the refusal of
services by an Ohio hospital to the late Fred Charon, a person with
AIDS.
A federal jury had found that the hospital violated the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and awarded $512,000 in compensatory
and punitive damages in 1994, and the trial judge subsequently
found that the same conduct also violated the Americans With
Disabilities Act.
The case was settled on behalf of Charon's
estate for $350,000.
The case was tried by ACLU staff attorney
Marc Elovitz with cooperating attorneys for the ACLU of Ohio, Ellen
Simon of Cleveland and Doris Wohl of Toledo.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
In an article distributed by Scripps Howard News Service and
published in various newspapers on Jan. 22, Lisa M. Krieger
reported that the detection of strains of HIV not previously found
in the U.S. in five young male sailors and Marines, apparently
acquired from female prostitutes in Thailand and Africa, have
fueled speculation that the "heterosexual AIDS epidemic" in Africa
and Asia may be about to make the jump to the United States.
Although some AIDS experts were quoted as dubious that the
prevalence of heterosexual transmission in Africa and Asia is due
to different strains of the virus, research at the Harvard AIDS
Institute suggests that the strains isolated from the military
personnel may be more easily transmitted through vaginal
intercourse than the strains now commonly seen in the United
States, due to the cells they more easily infect.
While the
experts continue to debate, efforts by AIDS activists around the
country to improve prevention and education programs by promoting
condom use and more sexually explicit AIDS education continue to
encounter religious and moralistically based opposition from public
education authorities.
The latest example was the move by New York
City's new schools chancellor, Rudy Crew, to reopen the previously-
settled issue of condom instruction in schools by ending the
practice of including demonstrations on condom use in regular
health education classes.
After almost 15 years of an epidemic,
some folks still don't get it. . .
On the other hand, Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of the National
Office of Allergy and Infectious Disease, responding to a report on
epidemiological trends presented Jan. 30 to a scientific conference
in Washington, said that "the epidemic is on the wane."
The cause
of this remark was a finding that the number of new AIDS cases
diagnosed annual are now fewer than the number of AIDS deaths
annually; thus, the combination of better treatment and prevention
efforts has led to a plateau in the number of people living with
AIDS.
Of course, Fauci continued, "the epidemic is plateauing at
an unacceptably high level so efforts must continue to reduce new
infections and find improved treatments."
Washington Times, Feb.
1. On the treatment front, the same conference produced the first
cheerful news in some time, with reports that new protease
inhibitor drugs seem to be much more effective than previously
approved treatments in slowing the progress of HIV-infection toward
health collapse.
The new drugs are still in an experimental stage,
but early tests are very promising, according to news reports.
New
York Times, Feb. 2.
Led by Rep. Robert Dornan (R.-Calif.), conservative Republicans in
the House of Representatives succeeded in adding to the Defense
Appropriations bill a requirement that all HIV+ servicemembers be
discharged.
When President Clinton vetoed the bill in December, he
cited this provision among many with which he disagreed.
However,
in the ensuing negotiations over a revised bill, the Republicans
stood firm on this provision, and the bill passed Congress again
with the discharge requirement intact.
Late in January, the White
House outraged AIDS activists by announcing that the President
would reluctantly sign the bill, because to veto it would further
delay an overdue pay raise for military personnel.
Dornan claimed
the bill was necessary because HIV+ servicemembers are not
available for overseas assignment.
The Pentagon disputed this,
noting that it has a significant training investment in these
members for whom there is plenty of stateside work to do, but
recommended signing the bill in order to get the pay raise and fund
various other projects that have been on hold.
Editorial response
in the national media was almost uniformly condemnatory of this
provision, pointing out that there are thousands of military
members with other illnesses and debilitating conditions who are
allowed to remain in the service until they become too disabled to
work.
Illustrating the point, the Washington Post published an
article Feb. 1 highlighting the plight of a widowed female staff
sergeant, who contracted HIV from her late husband, has been in the
Army for 10 years with an excellent record (and is in line for an
important promotion), has children to support, and will be
mandatorily discharged under this provision.
The Defense
Department says that about half the members who will be subject to
discharge under this provision are married.
Dornan's response was,
essentially, tough luck; the military shouldn't have to employ
people who are not available for international deployment. But
there were reports early in February that a bipartisan group in the
Senate led by Maine Senator William Cohen was attempting to secure
introduction of a narrowly-focused bill to repeal the discharge
provision before anyone would have to be dismissed.
That a party witness is HIV+ is not, standing alone, reason for a
protective order in civil litigation barring the opposing party
from requiring the witness to travel to attend a deposition, ruled
Federal Magistrate Judge Rushfelt in Tolon v. Board of County
Commissioners of Johnson County, Kansas, 1995 WL 761452 (D.Kan.,
Dec. 18).
Although the witness's attorney "avers that she is in
`poor health, having been diagnosed as HIV positive,'" Rushfelt
wrote: "That she may be HIV positive does not constitute good cause
for relocating her deposition.
She must reveal additional details
about her condition.
The life styles of persons diagnosed as HIV
positive run the gamut from being bedridden to perfectly normal.
The court will not speculate.
Plaintiffs have not carried their
burden to show good cause." A.S.L.
International Notes
Ethiopian Jews in Israel gathered in front of the Prime Minister's
office on January 28 to protest the policy of Israeli blood banks
of discarding blood donated by members of that group.
According to
press reports, the blood banks took that action because of a
reported higher incidence of HIV-infection in donated blood from
Ethiopians than from the rest of the Israeli population.
Since
blood drives focus on the Army, blood bank officials decided to
label and quietly discard the blood rather than embarrass Ethiopian
Jews in the armed forces by blocking them from donating blood.
(American blood banks briefly took the opposite approach with
respect to Haitian blood donors early in the epidemic, blocking
them from donating, but then backed off after protest
demonstrations.)
When police attempted to disperse the
demonstrators with water hoses and tear gas, the demonstration
turned into a riot that garnered international headlines.
New York
Times, Jan. 29.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
More than 40 lawyers and law students attended a CLE program
sponsored by the North Carolina Gay and Lesbian Attorneys (NC GALA)
in Greensboro on Jan. 27.
The program manuscript features
extensive articles on estate planning, family law, bankruptcy,
Social Security disability for PWAs, and standby guardianship for
HIV+ parents.
The manuscript is available by sending a check for
$45 (payable to NC GALA) to John Boddie, Suite 300, 806 Green
Valley Road, Greensboro, NC 27408.
Copies of the 1996 edition of
the NC GALA Legal Guide (a non-technical explanation of current
legal issues for the general gay and lesbian public) are also
available at the same address for $13.50.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Armour, Jody, Stereotypes and Prejudice: Helping Legal
Decisionmakers Break the Prejudice Habit, 83 Cal. L. Rev. 733 (May
1995).
Chapman, Anna, Sexuality and Workplace Oppression, 20 Melbourne U.
L. Rev. 311 (1995).
Gerhardt, Michael J., and Tracey Maclin, Mock Arguments in Romer v.
Evans, 4 Wm. & Mary Bill of Rts. J. 639 (Winter 1995).
Minow, Martha, The Constitution and the Subgroup Question, 71
Indiana L. J. 1 (Winter 1995).
Pierce, Christine, Gay Marriage, 26 J. Social Philosophy No. 2, 5
(Fall 1995).
Raz, Joseph, Rights and Politics, 71 Indiana L.J. 27 (Winter 1995).
Rickel, Alice, Extending Employee Benefits to Domestic Partners:
Avoiding Legal Hurdles While Staying in Tune With the Changing
Definition of the Family, 16 Whittier L. Rev. 737 (1995).
Rogovin, Wendy M., The Politics of Facts: "The Illusion of
Certainty," 46 Hastings L.J. 1723 (Aug. 1995).
Waks, Jay W., and SaraJane Steinberg, Courts Now find Same-Sex
Harassment to Be Actionable, but They Vary on the Relevance of a
Defendant's Sexual Orientation, Nat'l L. J., 1/8/96, p. B4.
Wellington, Adrian Alex, Why Liberals Should Support Same Sex
Marriage, 26 J. Social Philosophy No. 3, 5 (Winter 1995).
Zanghi, John S., "Community Standards" in Cyberspace, 21 U. Dayton
L. Rev. 95 (Fall 1995).
Zuckerman, Ann J., Sexual Orientation in the Workplace: Gay Men,
Lesbians, Bisexuals, and Heterosexuals Working Together (Thousand
Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, 1995) (workbook on producing a gay-
friendly environment in the workplace).
Student Notes & Comments:
Bedarf, Abril R., Examining Sex Offender Community Notification
Laws, 83 Cal. L. Rev. 885 (May 1995).
Chiu, Dennis W., Obscenity on the Internet: Local Community
Standards for Obscenity Are Unworkable on the Information
Superhighway, 36 Santa Clara L. Rev. 185 (1995).
DeMangin, Tiffany, A Constitutional Challenge to the Texas Hate
Crime Act, 32 Houston L. Rev. 1091 (Winter 1995).
Handelman, Eric, Obscenity and the Internet: Does the Current
Obscenity Standard Provide Individuals with the Proper
Constitutional Safeguards, 59 Albany L. Rev. 709 (1995).
Laskowska, Malgorzata K., "No Sinners Under My Roof": Can
California Landlords Refuse to Rent to Unmarried Couples by
Claiming a Religion Freedom of Exercise Exemption From a Statute
Which Prohibits Marital Status Discrimination?, 36 Santa Clara L.
Rev. 219 (1995).
Phelan, Tara, Selective Hearing: A Challenge to the FCC's Indecency
Policy, 12 NYLS J. Hum. Rts. 347 (Spring 1995).
Revealing the Bare Uncertainties of Indecent Exposure, 29 Col. J.
L. & Soc. Prob. 85 (Fall 1995).
Book Reviews:
Kirp, David L., Are You Now, Or Have You Ever Been, a Homosexual?,
11 Tikkun No. 1, 97 (Jan/Feb 1996)(review-essay on Bawer's A Place
at the Table, Preston's Winter's Light, Sullivan's Virtually
Normal, and Vaid's Virtual Equality).
Specially Noted:
The Economist, a British newsmagazine with international
distribution, featured a same-sex couple in wedding garb on its
cover this month to accompany a story arguing in favor of
governmental recognition of same-sex marriage.
The arguments
sounded much like those advanced by the British-born editor of The
New Republic, Andrew Sullivan, in a cover story he wrote for that
magazine several years ago (and The New Republic was not shy about
the matter, running a comparison of the two cover pages the week
after The Economist issue hit the newsstands.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Kirby, Michael, AIDS and the Law -- A New Challenge for Human
Rights, 20 Commonwealth L. Bull. 1457 (Oct. 1994)(writer was
recently nominated for the High Court of Australia).
Loue, Sana, Living Wills, Durable Powers of Attorney for Health
Care, and HIV Infection: The Need for Statutory Reform, 16 J. Legal
Med. 461 (Dec. 1995).
Student Notes & Comments:
Pomeranz, Sharon, Condoms Overturned on Appeal: Teens Stripped of
Their Rights, 4 Amer. U. J. Gender & L. 219 (1995).
Editor's Note:
Correction: In reporting the appointment of Michael Kirby to the
High Court of Australia, we stated that appeals from that court
went to the House of Lords in London.
We are informed by our
Australian correspondent and some American readers that appeals to
London were abolished some years ago, and the High Court is
presently the court of last resort for Australia. * * * All points
of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of identified
writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian and Gay Law
Association of Greater New York.
All comments in Publications
Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to
issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be published
subject to editing. A.S.L.
Letters to Law Notes for February 1996
To the Editor:
Professor Arthur S. Leonard, in his discussion of the recent 11th
Circuit decision in the case of Shahar v. Bowers in the January
1996 issue of Lesbian/Gay Law Notes, states that the judges
comprising the 3-judge panel which heard the case were appointed by
"liberal Democratic presidents," and cautions against optimism
concerning the outcome of any en banc reargument because most of
the 11th Circuit's judges were appointed by Presidents Reagan and
Bush.
Even apart from the question of whether the Democratic
presidents to which Professor Leonard refers -- Lyndon Johnson and
Jimmy Carter -- can accurately be described as liberal, Professor
Leonard's equation of caution is far too simplistic.
For example, Byron White, who wrote the anti-Gay majority opinion
in Bowers v. Hardwick, was appointed to the Supreme Court by
President Kennedy.
It was a Nixon appointee, Harry Blackmun, who
wrote the stirring and pro-Gay dissenting opinion.
President
Bush's judicial nominees include David Souter, who as a justice of
the New Hampshire Supreme Court ruled that in most cases
discrimination against Gays in employment is irrational.
Moreover,
it is basic constitutional law that our national government
consists of three branches, not two.
The president nominates, but
Congress confirms.
Many of President Reagan's and all of President
Bush's judicial nominees were confirmed by Senates with Democratic
majorities.
It should go without saying that there are many grounds for concern
to be found in the judicial philosophies of far too many members of
the judiciary, as well as those who nominate them and those who
confirm them.
However, broad-brush partisan characterizations do
not substitute for reasoned criticism.
Sincerely,
Barrett L. Brick
Washington, D.C.
Editor's Response:
The only presidents I characterized as liberal
were Carter and Johnson.
When it comes to analyzing their judicial
appointees on gay issues, I think that characterization can stand
up quite while.
Kennedy, despite his latter-day reputation, was
elected as a militant cold warrior and, due to his thin, Southern-
dominated Senate majority, appointed many conservative federal
judges.
Nixon was, on domestic politics, a centrist/pragmatist
whose judicial appointments were all over the place.
Among those
judges who decided Hardwick, he appointed our champion dissenter,
Harry Blackmun, and several of our nemeses, including Chief Justice
Burger, William Rehnquist, and Lewis Powell (who has since changed
his mind about that case).
Justice Souter's opinion in Hurley last term was respectful toward
the lesbian and gay litigants, while rejecting their attempt to be
included in Boston's St. Patrick's Day Parade. On the New Hampshire
Supreme Court, he was part of a per curiam court that in an
advisory opinion on pending legislation rejected a proposal by the
state legislature to bar gay people from being workers in child
care facilities; in the same opinion, the court approved the
constitutionality of a ban on lesbians and gay men being adoptive
or foster parents.
We wait eagerly to see what position he will
take on Colorado's Amendment 2, but pending further evidence, it's
not yet time to characterize his position on the kind of issues
presented by Shahar v. Bowers.
I agree with Barrett Brick that broadly characterizing court of
appeals judges based on the politics of their appointing presidents
can oversimplify things.
On the other hand, I think it is a useful
cautionary note, in the joyous response to such a wonderful victory
in a 3-judge panel decision, to note that all three judges were
appointed by liberal Democratic presidents, and that the
composition of the full en banc 11th Circuit is likely to be quite
a bit further to the right than was this panel.
(In subsequent
correspondence with me, Mr. Brick observed that among active judges
of the 11th Circuit, four were nominated by Democrats and seven by
Republicans.
On an en banc argument, I believe that the two senior
judges who participated in the panel decision may also participate,
so the line-up for en banc could be six Democrats and seven
Republicans (including one Ford appointee).
A.S.L.
* * * * * *
To the Editor:
We are, respectively, the Executive Director and Special Counsel of
the Association to Benefit Children (ABC), one of the plaintiffs in
a recently-settled lawsuit that sought expanded infant HIV testing,
counseling and treatment in New York State.
Professor Leonard's description of the settlement in the November
1995 Law Notes was seriously misleading.
He speculated that "the
provision on `emergency' testing might be interpreted to establish
`de facto' mandatory testing for infants born in hospitals that
serve largely minority populations."
Professor Leonard's
statement, first, is disturbingly paternalistic.
The possibility
he raises of "de facto" mandatory testing implies that most mothers
of color would decide neither to obtain nor to refuse to obtain
their children's HIV test results.
In ABC's experience as a direct
care provider, by contrast, these mothers -- like parents
everywhere -- take an active interest in health care decisions
affecting their children and themselves.
The likely result of
regulations issued pursuant to our settlement is that most mothers
will choose one way or the other, thus helping to medicalize an
illness that has too long been politicized.
Second, his statement suggests that Professor Leonard did not
carefully scrutinize the settlement (a copy of which we provided to
him in advance of his write-up).
Under its terms, if a mother
neither consents to nor refuses to learn her child's HIV test
results, doctors will have the option of performing a risk
assessment for HIV to determine if a situation exists that merits
an "emergency" requiring testing of the infant.
At a minimum, it
is exaggeration to suggest that mandatory testing would thus
result; it is hardly likely that every infant of color's medical
history would compel such a result.
Moreover, the risk assessment
in any such emergency situation would follow criteria developed by
the medical community in the late 1980s.
In foster care settings,
a partial list of the risk factors referred to in the settlement
has been used in New York State since 1989; the full list has been
used since 1993.
That is, the settlement incorporated approaches
to HIV testing of minors that have already acquired widespread
support in New York State.
Third, Professor Leonard's reference to "largely racial minority
populations" seems to us to be inappropriately alarmist and
deliberately meant to confuse the issue.
The settlement aims to
insure better health care for infants who are HIV-infected and
their mothers.
Period.
We had hoped that important voices on
HIV/AIDS law like Professor Leonard would recognize as much.
Very truly yours,
Gretchen Buchenholz, Executive Director
Colin Crawford, Special Counsel
New York, New York
Editor's Response:
In my report on the settlement agreement, I
suggested the possibility that the nonconsensual testing exception
might be interpreted in a particular way.
Opinions can differ on
this.
What is more to the point, on December 13 the state
Department of Health published its proposed regulations to
effectuate the settlement agreement in the New York State Register
(at pages 21-29), so anybody interested in how the state is
interpreting the agreement can take a look for themselves.
The key sentence dealing with this issue in the proposed regulation
reads:
"If the mother has neither consented nor refused consent,
and the physician makes a determination before discharge that an
emergency exists, and the infant is in immediate need of medical
attention and an attempt to secure consent would result in delay of
treatment which would increase the risk to the infant's life or
health, then the physician may order the HIV newborn test to
determine whether the infant has been exposed to the HIV virus
[sic] such that testing would address the emergency and therefore
would be necessary to preserve the life or health of the infant,
and would assist in future treatment and follow-up care." Ms.
Buchenholz and Mr. Crawford are clearly correct in asserting that
this does not by its terms literally mandate that the physician
perform the risk assessment if the mother neither consents nor
refuses consent.
I am not suggesting that it does.
I am
suggesting, based on bringing some common sense insights to the way
practices grow up in institutions (and based on listening to and
participating in extended discussions of the settlement and the
regulation in the context of the City Bar Association's AIDS
Committee, which includes people with direct expertise in the area)
that, as a matter of practice, it is likely in health care
institutions serving populations with high incidences of HIV-
infection that such testing will become the norm; as the writers
indicate, the overwhelming majority of mothers of newborns will
consent as a result of the counseling, which is intended to be very
persuasive; very few will refuse, and among those who do neither,
a decision to test will likely be made by the physician.
Since ABC's lawsuit was intended to maximize the number of newborns
who are tested, I would expect that the writers of the letter would
see this as a positive development.
In looking over the proposed
regulation, I am concerned about the degree of discretion left to
physicians to determine whether an emergency exists.
The range of
interpretation possible, given the lack of definitions for key
terms, leaves open a wide range of practical outcomes.
The
regulations are, to some extent, more specific than the settlement
agreement, but issues of potential conflict with Pub. Health L.
Art. 27-F (which governs HIV confidentiality) remain, and may lead
to litigation.
As to my observations being paternalistic, I could well use that
term to describe the lawsuit brought by ABC, but it would be
painting with too broad a brush, because I believe that much of the
relief the lawsuit was seeking could be accurately characterized as
empowering women to have the information necessary to make an
intelligent decision about testing at a time when testing might be
useful for their own health -- most particularly, during prenatal
care.
I would call the emergency exception paternalistic.
Whether
it is necessary paternalism is a matter as to which reasonable
people can differ. A.S.L.