http://www.nordicmuseum.org/privacy-policy
NORDIC MUSEUM PRIVACY POLICY | National Nordic Museum
Skip to main content
The National Nordic Museum is open Weds-Sun, 10am to 5pm. Timed tickets must be reserved before visiting the Museum. Learn more at our Welcome Back page here.
Members log in for free tickets. Start here.
Close
Toggle navigation
Main navigation
Now at the Museum
Events
Exhibitions
Collections
Explore
Plan Your Visit
The Basics
Admissions + Tickets
Directions + Parking
Museum Store
Freya Café
Accessibility
Store
Get Involved
Membership + Benefits
Volunteer
Planned Giving
Sponsorship
Blog
Press + Media
About Us
Board + Staff
Careers
Annual Report
Rent Our Venues
Join us
Donate
Login
0
Support
Membership + Benefits
Volunteer
Planned Giving
Sponsorship
Connect
Blog
Press + Media
#nordicmuseum
About
About Us
Board + Staff
Careers
Annual Report
Rent Our Venues
The Basics
Admissions + Tickets
Directions + Parking
Museum Store
Freya Café
Accessibility
Museum Hours
Mon: Closed
Tue: Closed
Wed: 10am–5pm
Thu: 10am–5pm
Fri: 10am–5pm
Sat: 10am–5pm
Sun: 10am–5pm
The Museum is closed to the public on Mondays and Tuesdays, 4th of July, Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve Day, Christmas Day, and New Year’s Day.
Explore... Events ExhibitionsCollections
Coming Up...
Virtual Artist Talk -
La Vaughn Belle: A history of Unruly ReturnsWe Carry It Within Us Q&A with filmmaker Helle StenumMeet the Author—A Nordic Book Series: The Man Who Played with Fire
If you are a Museum Member log in here to receive your member discounts!
If you performed any transaction on our site you can find your profile information and history
NORDIC MUSEUM PRIVACY POLICY
Breadcrumb
Home
The purpose of this policy is to define the scope and intent of the Nordic Museum to protect a broad range of patrons of the Museum including Members, Donors, Visitors, Event Attendees, Customers and their guests.
Overview
It is the intent of the Nordic Museum to protect personal information of the above-named categories of patrons and to respect and maintain privacy for all who interact with the Museum, subject to normal practices of not-for-profit organizations in the pursuit of their mission.
Voluntarily provided personal information may be obtained when an individual or customer purchases products and /or services, responds to surveys, remits membership or donation forms, subscribes to e-newsletters or performs transactions on the Museum website.  This will include various types of biographical and demographic information such as name, address, email address, phone number, spouse name, birth date, giving history, relationships and voluntary activities.  Billing and /or credit card information may also be collected.
Members
The Nordic Museum will not sell, release or make available any personal information of Members to any third party unless such release is necessary or customary in the normal course of the business of the Museum.  The Museum may from time to time release names of members in periodic communications to other members, e-news subscribers and other not for profit organizations or include names of members identified in event photos in print and electronic media or social media channels related to museum events and activities. The Museum will make reasonable efforts to honor any member’s request for anonymity.
Donors
The Nordic Museum will not sell, release or make available any Donor’s personal information to any third party unless such release is necessary or customary in the normal course of the business of the Museum.  The Museum may from time to time release names of Donors in periodic communications to members, e-news subscribers and other non for profit organizations or to the public or through print and electronic media or social media channels to announce significant events or to honor donors for their contribution to the Museum.  The Museum will make reasonable efforts to honor any Donor’s request for anonymity.
Customers and their Guests
The Nordic Museum will not sell, release or make available any personal information of customers contracting for use of any part of the museum premise or their guests, to any third party unless such release is necessary or customary in the normal course of the business of the Museum.
Other Considerations
The Nordic Museum may from time to time collect information to be used by the Museum for promotional purposes, such as pictures taken at events or at events sponsored by the Museum or names used to identify members, customers or guests to be used in print and electronic collateral  and/or social media all of which is not covered by this policy.
From time to time the Museum shares patron information with other not-for-profit organizations which may include but is not limited to information on members and donors. Such information may include patron names on RSVP lists for partnered events, or where a list exchange was provided to promote Museum activities. The Museum does not permit any other non-for-profit to collect or maintain Museum patron information for any other purpose than the expressly intended one-time use. This practice is infrequent; however, such a practice is customary amongst not-for-profit organizations and we have determined that at times it is necessary, customary and beneficial to the Museum.
The Nordic Museum obtains personal information from participants in the Museum’s Oral History Program, which requires a signed release form granting the Museum legal title and all literary rights, including copyrights for all recordings, films, photographs and transcriptions which are all governed by the related documents and are not covered by this policy.  Voluntarily provided information may also be collected as documentation of donations or loans to the Museum’s permanent collection and utilized without restrictions in communications or exhibition labels and other copy, print materials or electronic media.
The Nordic Museum does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent.  If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s data base.
The Nordic Museum website may contain links to affiliated organizations and other websites.  The Nordic Museum does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites.  We encourage all users and visitors to the Museum’s site to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
All subscribers have the option to discontinue receiving communications from the Nordic Museum and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communication by way of email or newsletters.  If any communications are issued by third party services associated with the Nordic Museum website (i.e. ticketing services, fundraising platforms, etc.) subscribers must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and /or opt-out.
The Nordic Museum maintains controls for physical and electronic record retention and destruction, data access permissions, procedural safeguards and technical security measures with respect to our offices and information storage facilities to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of personal information under our control.
Despite this policy, the Museum may be compelled to release information as required by legal action of third parties or regulatory requirements of governmental authorities.  The policy does not apply to internal sharing of information with and between Employees, Management, Board of Trustees, Committees and authorized third parties.
The Nordic Museum reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy and as such we will post those changes to our website so that members, donors, customers and their guests and users of our website www.nordicmuseum.org are aware of such changes.
The National Nordic Museum shares Nordic culture, values, and ideas with people of all ages and backgrounds to create connections, generate dialogue, and inspire new perspectives.
2655 NW Market Street,
Seattle, WA 98107
Tel:206.789.5707
Contact Us
Footer menu
Home
Media
Email Newsletter
PRIVACY POLICY
Follow Us
©2019 National Nordic Museum