http://www.faithradio.us/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
About Faith Radio
Our Mission
Our History
About the Founders
Spanish Christian Radio
Faith Radio Staff
Broadcast Coverage Areas
Station Frequencies/Call Letters
Information
Program Schedule
Spanish Program Schedule
National Programs
Local Programs
Sponsors
Heart to Heart
Read Church News
Faith Connection
Missions
Kenya And Uganda
Tanzania
Prison Ministry
Contact Us
Faith Radio Information
About Donations
Submit a Prayer Request
Submit Church News
Newsletter Signup
T-Shirts
COMMENT LINE
How to Get to Heaven
Privacy Policy
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We greatly value the trust that you place in us. Please know that the personal information you provide to us will not be given, sold, traded, transferred, or rented to others or organizations outside the Faith Radio Network, Inc. unless you explicitly allow us to, or we believe it necessary to comply with law enforcement, protect the safety of an individual, or to address fraud, security, or technical issues. The personal information we collect about you on our website, www.faithradio.us, is strictly limited to the information you provide us with when you donate, sign up for our mailing list, participate in contests, or otherwise provide to us by email.
ONLINE CONTRIBUTIONS
When you make a donation by way of our website or by text, the personal information you provide us with is protected using 128-bit SSL encryption which protects sensitive data transmissions from your computer to our website. With SSL encryption, the information you enter when making a donation to the Faith Radio Network, Inc. is encrypted at your browser, then sent over the internet in encrypted form, and finally de-encrypted when it reaches us at our server. As a visitor to our site, you will be able to see that the SSL encryption is active by the “padlock” icon in your browser’s window.
USAGE TRACKING
We track the way people use our site; however, the information we collect is targeted to things like: how often our website is visited, the pages you visit, the date and time you access our site, and the types of web browsers that visitors are using. We may use "cookies" to track how users use our website. A cookie is a piece of software that a web server can store on the user’s devise and use to identify the user should they visit the website again. While not all of the information that we collect from users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that users provide us through our website.
DISCLAIMERS
Please note that email submissions are not necessarily secure against interception. If you are worried about the sensitivity of your communication or because it includes personal information, you may wish to send it by postal mail instead.
Our website contains links to other websites. If you access another site through a link we provide, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site, not Faith Radio Network, Inc.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Children under 13 years of age are not encouraged nor invited to contact Faith Radio Network, Inc. via our website. When a child under age 13 contacts Faith Radio Network, Inc., via an unsolicited email, contest registration, or by other means; we do not store his/her personal information or carry on communication beyond what is necessary to provide the requested one-time ministry information by authorized Faith Radio Network staff. We will not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware of such information without parental consent, we will permanently delete the child’s information from our database.
Share with a friend