http://www.ifyc.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
On CampusStudents
Faculty
Campus Admin & Staff
Alumni
TrainingTraining Tools & Curriculum
Online Learning
We Are Each Other's
Interfaith Leadership Institute
Resources & GrantsOnline Resources
Grants
Books and Publications
NEW: IDEALS research report
Explore IFYCAbout IFYC
Our Mission
What is Interfaith?
Eboo Patel
Research
Interfaith Literacy Quiz
Careers
Donate
Interfaith America
SJoin the Network
Contact & Press
Support Us
\
Privacy Policy
Share
Home »
Privacy Policy
INTERFAITH YOUTH CORE PRIVACY STATEMENT Last Updated: February 17, 2011 We at Interfaith Youth Core (“us,” “our” “we,” or “Company”) consider the protection of your personal information to be a priority when you visit our website, www.ifyc.org (the “Website”). The guidelines contained in this privacy statement apply to only information collected, used and/or disclosed by us via the Internet and describe how we may collect, use and disclose information that we receive. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time without notice (for example, if we modify our practices regarding the collection or use of information). We will revise our Last Updated date to reflect any revisions to this Statement. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of any revisions shall constitute your acceptance thereof. What Information Do We Collect? We do not collect any personally identifiable information (“PII” or “Personal Information”) about you unless you voluntarily submit the information to us such as when you register to receive information from us, submit a donation, register to participate in a program or service with us or communicate with us by email. The types of PII we may request include your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number and payment card information. We will also capture login information such as username and password, secret answers to certain security questions, or other similar information that allows us to uniquely identify your account or authenticate you prior to giving you access to your account information or certain online activities. We may capture certain information automatically on our Website (even if you do not voluntarily provide us with Personal Information, or in addition to any Personal Information that you do provide), including your Internet protocol address, Internet service provider, browser type, and linking information. Typically, this information is for us to develop aggregated website server statistics (how many people access our Website and what pages are they interested in). At times, our systems may make this information identifiable to you, and, if so, it will be treated and protected as Personal Information. We may use cookies or similar devices to remember or store your login information (username/email address) so we can save you the time of having to re-enter this information. Most common web browsers today allow you to modify your settings to block cookies entirely, alert you every time they are being sent, or allow their use by only those websites you approve. We may use web beacons, which are small electronic image files that can be embedded within a web page or included in an e-mail message, to collect: (1) certain website usage information such as whether a visitor is a one-time or repeat visitor and which pages a visitor has viewed and for how long, and (2) e-mail information such as the time a e-mail was opened, if and how many times it was forwarded, and what links a recipient clicks on from within the e-mail message. How Do We Use Your Information? We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways: To provide information to you, and allow us to respond efficiently to your service and information requests. To inform you of programs or other opportunities that may be relevant to you. If you would like to “opt-out” of receiving promotional emails from us, please refer to the “How May I Limit the Disclosure of My Information” section below. How Do We Protect Personal Information?
Although no one, including us, can guarantee data security, we have established and implemented reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information we collect online. These measures include, but are not limited to: (1) using industry-standard encryption to protect credit card numbers when they are transmitted using our Website, and (2) storing our users’ Personal Information in secure operating environments that are only accessible to our employees and vendors on a strict need-to-know basis. Do We Disclose the Information We Collect to Outside Parties? We do not disclose your information to third parties except in the situations as described below: Website Consultants and Service Providers. We may disclose Personal Information to third party consultants and service providers (such as providers of hosting, support, maintenance; third party credit card processing agencies; third party credit reporting agencies; third party billing and collection agencies; marketing vendors; and remedial and repair services) to the extent that they require access to our databases, or the information contained in our databases, to service Company and the Website. Enforcement of Rights/Security. We reserve the right to release Personal Information (i) when we are under legal compulsion to do so (e.g. we have received a subpoena) or we otherwise believe that the law requires us to do so, (ii) when we believe it is necessary to protect and/or enforce the rights, property interests, or safety of the Company, our users or others, or (iii) as we deem necessary to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, prevent fraud and otherwise enforce the Privacy Statement. As Otherwise Allowed by Law. We may transfer Personal Information to third parties where we are permitted by law to do so. Aggregated Information. We may aggregate information that you provide with information provided by other individuals in such a manner that the information is not personally identifiable to you, and we may transfer that aggregated information to third parties. How May I Limit the Disclosure of My Information? If you registered for an account, you may log into your account at any time and modify, delete or update some of your information such as your contact or payment information. Additionally, you can unsubscribe from promotional emails from us or our affiliates by replying back to any email you received with the word “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the subject line. Please note that due to marketing production schedules, you may receive any messages were already in production at the time you sent your request. What About Privacy on Third Party Linked Sites? In an attempt to provide you with increased value, the Website may contain links to third party sites. These linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies or may have no privacy policy at all. We are not responsible or liable for the content, activities or privacy policies of such linked sites. What About Privacy on Any Community Message Boards or Reviews? From time-to-time our Website may contain customer reviews, forums and/or message boards. You have control over what information about yourself you choose to share on our Website. Please be aware that when you post content on our Website, such content may be viewed by other users and by the general public, including any such content that contains your Personal Information. All such sharing of information and content is done at your own risk and IFYC takes no ownership of the content you post on our Website. In the event that we discover content posted to our Website to be objectionable or illegal, to be determined under our sole discretion, we reserve the right to remove such content. How Do I Ask Questions Regarding this Statement? We welcome your questions, comments and concerns about this Statement. Please contact us at webeditor@ifyc.org with any questions or comments you may have. Notice Regarding Children’s Use We believe that children using the Internet require special protection and care, and we urge parents/guardians to explain Internet safety to their children. You may not use our Website or provide us any Personal Information (for example, your name, address, telephone number) if you are less than 13 years of age. If we discover that you are under 13 years of age and registered on our systems, we will remove any Personal Information about you on our systems. Notice to California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights: If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive the following information: information identifying any third party company(ies) to whom we may have disclosed, within the past year, Personal Information pertaining to you and your family for that company's direct marketing purposes; and a description of the categories of Personal Information disclosed. To obtain such information, please email your request to webeditor@ifyc.org. You may also write to us at the following address: Interfaith Youth Core 141 Jackson Blvd, Suite 3200, Chicago, IL 60604