https://www.newprofit.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy has been updated as of June 1, 2020.
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the information, including personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”), collected on the websites owned and/or operated by New Profit Inc. (“New Profit”, “Organization”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”) upon which a link to this Privacy Policy is displayed, including without limitation www.newprofit.org (collectively, the “Site”). The Site is operated by New Profit and has been created to provide information about our organization and investments, solicit information for potential investment opportunities, and report information on current investments (the “Organization Services”) to our Site visitors (“you”, “your”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the Site or providing us with any Personal Data. By using the Site or providing us with Personal Data, you consent to our practices concerning the collection and use of your information.
Because our organization will continue to evolve, from time to time, our policies will be reviewed and may be revised. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice (and notify you by posting an updated version of the Privacy Policy on the Site). You should periodically check this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we might disclose it. The amended Privacy Policy will apply between us whether or not we have given you specific notice of any change. Your continued use of the Site after any changes to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
1. Your Personal Data is important to us.
We respect the importance of your privacy. We know that when you provide Personal Data to us you are showing your trust, and we take that seriously. Unless you consent otherwise, we will only collect and use your Personal Data as we explain below. You do not need to provide your Personal Data to use the Site (although access to certain Organization Services may be limited if you choose not to do so).
2. Collecting information about you.
We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such Personal Data, for example by providing your contact information, contacting us with inquiries, responding to one of our surveys, submitting responses in a Letter of Inquiry and/or registering for access to using certain Organization Services made available through our Site.
We use cookies to identify the IP addresses that access the Site; and if you contact us, we may also keep a record of that contact.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to this Site, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of the Organization and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in the United States.
3. Personal Data We Receive Automatically From Your Use of the Site.
When you visit, use, and interact with the Site, we may receive certain information about your visit, use, or interactions. For example, we may monitor the number of people that visit the Site, peak hours of visits, which page(s) are visited, the domains our visitors come from (e.g., google.com, yahoo.com, etc.), and which browsers people use to access the Site (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer, etc.), broad geographical information, and navigation pattern. In particular, the following information is created and automatically logged in our systems:
Log data: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site (“log data”). Log data includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Site.
Cookies: Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies.
Device information: Includes name of the device, operating system, and browser you are using. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings.
Usage information: We collect information about how you use our Site, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities.
Cookies: We use cookies to operate and administer our Site, gather usage data on our Site, and improve your experience on it. A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time. Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the third party placing it), and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies). For more details on cookies please visit All About Cookies.
On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.
Email Pixels: We use pixels in our email campaigns that allow us to collect your email and Internet Protocol address as well as the date and time you open an email or click on any links in the email
Analytics: We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site and enhance your experience when you use the Site. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Online Tracking and Do Not Track Signals: We and our third party service providers may use cookies, pixels, or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and different web sites following your use of the Site. Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received. If we do respond to DNT signals in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy to describe how we do so.
4. Our use of Personal Data.
We may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide the Site, including presenting the data and information available on the Site;
To provide you with access to and use of the Organization Services;
To respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback, or questions;
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Site, our company, and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
To analyze how you interact with our Site;
To maintain and improve the content and functionality of the Site;
To prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of our Site, and to ensure the security of our information technology systems, architecture, and networks; and
To comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of you or other third parties.
Aggregated Information. We may aggregate Personal Data and use the aggregated information to analyze the effectiveness of our Site, to improve and add features to our Site, and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Site and share aggregated information like general user statistics with prospective business partners. We may collect aggregated information through the Site, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy.
5. When we will disclose your information.
We may disclose your Personal Data if we believe that such disclosure is: required by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of the Organization, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability; or necessary to fulfill the above purposes or otherwise to provide you with a service which you have requested.
In order to operate the Site, fulfill the purposes set out above, or otherwise deliver a service, we may sometimes share your Personal Data with a service partner or a Related Organization or Company.
The Organization, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.
In the event of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets and may be disclosed to a prospective business partner and/or is legal or business advisors in advance of and/or in contemplation of possible sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.
6. When we will contact you.
We may contact you at the email address which you provide to us in order to provide you with other information that you have chosen to receive. If you are receiving information from us and do not wish to receive this information any longer, you may remove your name from our contact list by e-mailing us at communications@newprofit.org and asking to be removed from our mailing list. Please allow 14 days for this request to be processed. You can also click unsubscribe in the footer of a New Profit email communication to be removed from our mailing list.
7. Changing the information we have about you.
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via this Site.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about the Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Site. You may contact us at communications@newprofit.org.
8. Deleting an email address from our email list or stopping any further communications.
If you wish to have your email address removed from our contact list, please let us know by e-mailing us at communications@newprofit.org and we will take all reasonable steps to remove it, unless we need to keep it for legal reasons.
9. Storage and security of your Personal Data.
We take reasonable measures to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information. Since no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure, we do not promise that the information you provide to us, either through the Site or via e-mail, will always be totally secure. We disclaim any responsibility for events arising from unauthorized access to your Personal Data.
10. Links to other websites.
We provide links to websites outside of this Site, and the policies and procedures we described here do not apply to such websites. These linked websites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for the conduct of companies and organizations linked to our Site. The links from this Site do not imply that New Profit endorses or has reviewed the linked websites. Before disclosing your Personal Data on any other website, we advise you to examine the terms and conditions and privacy policy of those websites.
11. Children’s online privacy protection.
The Site is directed to and intended for use by adults only. No information should be submitted to or posted on the Site by users under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data through this Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
12. Other terms and conditions.
Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the Terms of Service.
13. What to do if you have a problem or question.
If we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with the Site, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy or if you have a problem or complaint, please contact us by emailing us at communications@newprofit.org.