https://www.sermons-2-go.co.uk/wpautoterms/privacy-policy/
Sermons 2 go
sermons resource centre
Home
About
Sermons
All Saints
Advent
Ascension
Baptism of Christ
Christmas
Christ the king
Presentation of Christ in the Temple
Easter
Epiphany
Holy Week
Lent
Mothering Sunday
Palm Sunday
Pentecost
Saints Feast Days
Trinity
Other
Illustrations
beginings
Bible-text
Old Testament
New Testament
Sketches
Restrictions for use
Sketches for services
Mothering Sunday Service
Privacy Policy
22nd December 2019
Off
By
Derek
Last updated: 22nd December 2019
Sermons 2 go (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Sermons 2 go website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://www.sermons-2-go.co.uk
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Google Analytics and JetPack
We use Google Analytics and JetPack to carry out statistical analysis of page use, page interactions and paths through the Website to evaluate and develop our Website. This is known as ‘digital analytics’.
This information allows us to understand individual behaviours and needs more accurately. For more information on how Google uses the data collected via this service, see here:  http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
For more information on JetPack privacy policy please see here:  https://automattic.com/privacy/
To opt out of being tracked via Google Analytics, you can also use Google’s opt-out browser add-on:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
HotJar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Related
Search for:
Recent posts
Christmas – Midnight Mass – Sermon 327
23rd December 2019
Off
Christmas – Midnight Mass – Sermon 326
23rd December 2019
Off
2nd Sunday of Advent – Sermon 325
23rd December 2019
Off
2nd Sunday of Advent – Sermon 324
23rd December 2019
Off
TagsAdvent (9)
Christian Faith (7)
Conclusion So (8)
Egypt (15)
Evening Prayer (6)
Evening Prayer BCP (6)
Evening Prayer CW (8)
Following Jesus (3)
God God (3)
God Jesus (9)
God Point (3)
God Prayer (3)
Gospel Jesus (3)
His Father (4)
His Glory (3)
His Kingdom (6)
His Son (9)
His Spirit (7)
Holy City (3)
Holy Communion (31)
Holy Communion CW (6)
Holy One (3)
Holy Spirit (57)
Iona Evening Prayer (4)
Iona Service (4)
Israel (57)
Jesus Christ (55)
Jewish Law (4)
Jordan (5)
Lent (5)
Lord God (6)
Lord Jesus Christ (9)
Morning prayer (5)
New Testament (5)
NT (39)
OK (5)
Old Testament (4)
OT (35)
Palm Sunday (4)
Rome (6)
So God (3)
So Jesus (6)
Son Jesus Christ (5)
Trinity (18)
TV (5)
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT REJECTPrivacy & Cookies Consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.