https://www.kmblegal.com/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.kmblegal.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about changes to this privacy policy.
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 202-299-1140 or via email at info@kmblegal.com.
Home
BlogsWhistleblower Law Blog
SEC Whistleblower Blog
Employment Law Blog
NewsFirm News
Legal Alerts
Whistleblower News
ResourcesLegal Topics
Publications
SEC Whistleblower Practice Guide
CFTC Whistleblower Practice Guide
Cybersecurity Whistleblower Protection Guide
About the FirmOffice Locations
KMB's #MeToo Successes
KMB's Whistleblower Successes
Testimonials
Attorneys & Staff
Practice AreasWhistleblower LawCFTC Whistleblower
Compliance Officer Whistleblower
Consumer Finance Whistleblower
Consumer Product & Food Safety
Corporate and Accounting Fraud
Cybersecurity Whistleblower
Dodd-Frank Act Whistleblower
Environmental Whistleblower
False Claims Act Retaliation
False Claims Act “Qui Tam” Whistleblower Incentives
Government Contractors
IRS Whistleblower
Nuclear Safety
Pharmaceutical Whistleblowers
Transportation Whistleblower
Wrongful Discharge
SEC Whistleblower Law
Employment Contracts & Non-Competes
Discrimination/RetaliationAge Discrimination
Disability Discrimination
ERISA Retaliation
Family & Medical Leave
Family Responsibilities Discrimination
National Origin Discrimination
Political Affiliation Discrimination
Pregnancy Discrimination
Race Discrimination
Religious Discrimination
Sex/Gender Discrimination
Sexual Orientation and Transgender Discrimination
Title IX Discrimination
Workplace Retaliation
Sexual Harassment
Contact Us
Washington DC Office
202.299.1140
1718 Connecticut Avenue, NW
Sixth Floor
Washington, DC 20009
202.299.1148 fax
Philadelphia Office
215.735.2171
1845 Walnut Street
25th Floor
Philadelphia, PA 19103
267.687.7184 fax