https://www.calvary.edu/family-education-rights-privacy/
816-322-0110
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Request Info
Apply Now
Class Schedule
Calendar
Alumni
Donate
Pay
Facilities
Jobs
Box Office
myCU
Family Education Rights and Privacy
Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) affords students certain rights with respect to their education records.
The right to inspect and review the student’s education records within 45 days of the day Calvary receives a request for access.
Students should submit to the registrar, dean, head of the academic department, or other appropriate official, written requests that identify the record(s) they wish to inspect. The Calvary official will make arrangements for access and notify the student of the time and place where the records may be inspected. If the records are not maintained by the Calvary official to whom the request was submitted, that official shall advise the student of the correct official to whom the request should be addressed.
The right to request the amendment of the student’s education records that the student believes are inaccurate or misleading.
Students may ask Calvary to amend a record that they believe is inaccurate or misleading. They should write the Calvary official responsible for the record, clearly identify the part of the record they want changed, and specify why it is inaccurate or misleading.
If Calvary decides not to amend the record as requested by the student, Calvary will notify the student of the decision and advise the student of his/her right to a hearing regarding the request for amendment. Additional information regarding the hearing procedures will be provided to the student when notified of the right to a hearing.
The right to consent to disclosures of personally identifiable information contained in the student’s education records, except to the extent that FERPA authorizes disclosure without consent.
One exception which permits disclosure without consent is disclosure to school officials with legitimate educational interests. A school official is a person employed by Calvary in an administrative, supervisory, academic or research, or support staff position (including law enforcement unit personnel and health staff); a person or company with whom Calvary has contracted (such as an attorney, auditor, or collection agent); a person serving on the Board of Trustees; or a student serving on an official committee, such as a disciplinary or grievance committee, or assisting another school official in performing his/her tasks.
A school official has a legitimate educational interest if the official needs to review an education record in order to fulfill his/her professional responsibility.
The right to file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by Calvary to comply with the requirements of FERPA.
Family Policy Compliance Office
U.S. Department of Education
600 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, DC 20202-4605
FERPA Directory Information
The following information is considered to be directory information by Calvary and, therefore, information that is generally not considered harmful or an invasion of privacy if disclosed:
Name, address, and telephone listing
Date and place of birth
Dates of attendance, degrees, and awards
Most recent previous school attended
Field of study (major)
Participation in officially recognized activities and sports
Weight and height of athletes
Photographs
E-mail addresses
Class schedule/roster
Full-or part-time status
If you do not wish any one or all of the above items to be released to anyone who does not have an authorized and/or legitimate need to know the above information, please notify the Registrar’s Office in writing of this desire and the noted information will not be released. (Note: specifying that your address and phone number not be released will prohibit even friends and relatives from being able to obtain that information from Calvary.)
Department Updates
Academics
Admissions
Advancement
Alerts
Alerts – CUIC
Alumni
Athletic Dept.
Bible and Theology
Biblical Counseling
Business Admin.
Calvary Media
CICS
Clark Academic Center
College
Commencement 2020
COVID-19
Development
Education
English & Communications
Honks
Human Resources
Innovation Center
Intercultural Studies
International Students
Military and Veterans
Ministry Studies
Music
News
President's Office
Science
Security
Seminary
Student Services
Teacher Education
Theatre Arts
Upcoming Events
Search Archives
Search for:
X
Apply now and register for upcoming classes. No application fee for U.S. residents!
Apply Now