http://www.heifer.org/support/terms-of-use.html
Terms of Use
Heifer Project International, an Arkansas nonprofit corporation (“Heifer International” or “we”) maintains this website, the materials and content on the website, and certain other social media platforms to which the website links (collectively the “Online Presence”). The Online Presence provides a platform through which we share information about Heifer International’s charitable work, and through which we interact online. These Terms of Use (“Terms”) describe our understanding and agreement regarding your use of the Online Presence, and are intentionally written in plain language. By using the Online Presence, you agree to the Terms and to our Privacy Policy (which is accessible by way of the link at the bottom of this webpage). Please review the Terms carefully, and in their entirety. We update the Terms and Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back often.
Usage and Conduct
“Heifer International”, the jumping cow logo, and the phrase “Passing on the Gift” (collectively the “IP”) are all registered trademarks, are owned by Heifer International, and are protected by trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property laws. With regard to the Online Presence and the IP, you may not (1) imply that Heifer International endorses your product, (2) advertise or promote a business (unless you have express permission from Heifer International to do so), (3) alter the IP, or combine the IP with other elements, (4) use the IP on websites that include content or advertising for alcoholic beverages, tobacco, pornography, or firearms, or that include partisan or political material, (5) post, transmit, or promote illegal or inappropriate content, (6) harass, threaten, bully, or embarrass others, (7) engage in illegal, inappropriate, obscene, violent, intolerant, tasteless, denigrating, or similar conduct, (8) impersonate others, (9) attempt to obtain passwords or private information, or (10) link to the Online Presence, or associate the IP with a link, unless that link is active and brings the user directly to the Online Presence.
In addition, there are areas of the Online Presence, or accessible through the Online Presence, where you may post your own materials and content (collectively the “User Content”). You are solely responsible for User Content. You may not post User Content that (1) is false, unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, or fraudulent, (2) violates privacy or publicity rights, infringes upon intellectual property rights, or solicits, campaigns, or advertises, (3) contains viruses or other disruptive files, or (4) is otherwise objectionable in Heifer International’s discretion. By posting User Content you grant Heifer International a permanent, non-exclusive, unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify, and create derivative works from, the User Content. You also grant Heifer International permission to remove or edit User Content that Heifer International finds objectionable in its discretion.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Heifer International is committed to complying with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). You may not infringe upon the rights of others by or through the Online Presence or the IP. If you feel any content on the Online Presence infringes, please contact our DMCA Agent at harper.grubbs@heifer.org, or Attention: Harper Grubbs/DMCA Notice, Heifer International, 1 World Avenue, Little Rock, Arkansas 72202, with the following information: (1) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the infringed copyright interest; (2) a description of the infringed copyrighted work; (3) a description of where the infringing material is located on the Online Presence; (4) your address, telephone number, and email address; (5) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (6) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Warranties/Limits on Liability
Heifer International makes no warranties, express or implied, with regard to the Online Presence or the IP. You agree to use the Online Presence and the IP “as is”, “as available”, at your own risk, and without any warranties. Heifer International specifically disclaims all warranties, including the implied warranty of merchantability, the implied warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties regarding non-infringement, accuracy, or security. While Heifer International uses its best efforts, the Online Presence may not operate uninterrupted or error-free. Heifer International is not liable for any damages incurred as a result of your use of the Online Presence or IP, including direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, and punitive damages.
These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Arkansas, and the United States of America. The State courts in Pulaski County, Arkansas, and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas, all located in Little Rock, Arkansas, shall have jurisdiction and venue with respect to any and all disputes arising in connection with these Terms. If you do not abide by these Terms, Heifer International will take action. Repeated violations will result in termination of your access to the Online Presence and the IP.
Thank you for your interest in Heifer International and its charitable work.
Last updated February 1, 2017
Usage Agreement
Heifer Project International, a nonprofit corporation formed under the laws of the State of Arkansas, United States of America (“Heifer”) is the owner of the Heifer Fundraising Toolkit/Materials (the “Materials”), which contain valuable intellectual property protected by copyright, trademark, service mark, trade secret, and other similar laws. How the Materials are used affects Heifer as a whole around the world, and affects individual members of Heifer’s global action network. Based in part upon these far-reaching implications, Heifer has developed this Usage Agreement (the “Agreement”), to which you agree.
License. Subject to the Restrictions described below, Heifer grants you a limited, restricted, temporary, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use and display the Materials for charitable and educational purposes only (the “License”).
Restrictions. The Materials are subject to the following restrictions (collectively the “Restrictions”):
(a) You agree that you are using the Material as a volunteer for Heifer;
(b) You agree to maintain high moral and ethical standards in using the Materials;
(c) The Materials may only be used for Heifer’s benefit;
(d) Any and all revenues/donations generated via the Materials must be remitted to Heifer within thirty (30) days;
(e) The Materials may not indicate or create an impression that Heifer endorses, approves, sponsors or is affiliated with you or your products, goods, services, or website;
(f) Your use of the Materials may not indicate or create an impression that Heifer will benefit from the sale of any good or service;
(g) The Materials may not be combined with any other graphic elements, nor may they be rewritten, altered or modified in any manner including size, language, proportion, font, design, arrangement, or color, nor may they be animated, morphed, or otherwise distorted in perspective or appearance;
(h) You will not transfer, assign, sell, reproduce, distribute, or otherwise exploit the Materials in any way; and
(i) The Materials may not appear with or near other materials that include content or advertising for alcoholic beverages, tobacco, pornography, partisan material, political material, or firearms.
Miscellaneous. Heifer is providing the materials “as is”, and disclaims any and all warranties in connection with the materials. The validity, construction, interpretation, and administration of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Arkansas and the United States of America. Heifer may terminate the License and/or this Agreement at any time. The State courts in Pulaski County, Arkansas, and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas, all located in Little Rock, Arkansas, shall have jurisdiction and venue with respect to any and all disputes arising in connection with this Agreement.
By downloading these Materials, you agree to the terms of this Agreement.
External Links
Heifer International provides external links for informational purposes only. Providing links to sites outside of the heifer.org domain does not constitute an endorsement by Heifer International of any other products, services, or opinions by any other organization. Heifer International is not responsible for content found on other sites.
Please enable Javascript in your browser.
Some features of the site will not work without Javascript enabled.
Learn how to enable it here.
By clicking “Accept,” you trust Heifer International to responsibly use cookies to personalize content and ads, provide social media features and analyze site traffic. Read about cookies and their benefits in our privacy policy.
Accept
Decline