http://www.findyoga.com.au/terms
Terms & Conditions
findyoga
Toggle navigation
Nothing found...
Places
Listings
Events
Teachers
Styles
Recent
Online Yoga
Find Yoga
Yoga Studios and Teachers
Yoga Classes
Yoga Events
Yoga Retreats
Yoga Workshops
Yoga Courses
Yoga Teacher Training
About Yoga
What Yoga is Right for Me?
What is Yoga?
What is Pranyama?
FindYoga Journal
Yoga Jobs
Yoga for Health
Yoga Poses
Popular
Yoga in Australia
Yoga in Sydney
Yoga in Melbourne
Yoga in Perth
Yoga in NSW
Yoga in VIC
Yoga in QLD
Yoga in India
Yoga in Bali
Yoga in Fiji
More
Promote on FindYoga
About FindYoga
Contact FindYoga
Login
Sign In
Join
Terms of Use
This web page represents a legal document that serves as our Terms of Use and it governs the legal terms of our website, http://www.findyoga.com.au, sub-domains, and any associated web-based and mobile applications (collectively, "Website"), as owned and operated by FindYoga.
Capitalized terms, unless otherwise defined, have the meaning specified within the Definitions section below. This Terms of Use, along with our Privacy Policy, any mobile license agreement, and other posted guidelines within our Website, collectively "Legal Terms", constitute the entire and only agreement between you and FindYoga, and supersede all other agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to our Website and the subject matter contained herein. We may amend our Legal Terms at any time without specific notice to you. The latest copies of our Legal Terms will be posted on our Website, and you should review all Legal Terms prior to using our Website. After any revisions to our Legal Terms are posted, you agree to be bound to any such changes to them. Therefore, it is important for you to periodically review our Legal Terms to make sure you still agree to them.
By using our Website, you agree to fully comply with and be bound by our Legal Terms. Please review them carefully. If you do not accept our Legal Terms, do not access and use our Website. If you have already accessed our Website and do not accept our Legal Terms, you should immediately discontinue use of our Website.
The last update to our Terms of Use was posted on 03 February 2014.
Definitions
The terms "us" or "we" or "our" refers to FindYoga, the owner of the Website.
A "Visitor" is someone who merely browses our Website, but has not registered as Member.
A "Member" is an individual that has registered with us to use our Service.
Our "Service" represents the collective functionality and features as offered through our Website to our Members.
A "User" is a collective identifier that refers to either a Visitor or a Member.
All text, information, graphics, audio, video, and data offered through our Website are collectively known as our "Content".
Legal Compliance
You agree to comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of our Website. FindYoga reserves the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of our Legal Terms and to take any action we deem appropriate, including but not limited to canceling your Member account, reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to your profile, email addresses, usage history, posted materials, IP addresses and traffic information, as allowed under our Privacy Policy.
Intellectual Property
Our Website may contain our service marks or trademarks as well as those of our affiliates or other companies, in the form of words, graphics, and logos. Your use of our Website does not constitute any right or license for you to use such service marks/trademarks, without the prior written permission of the corresponding service mark/trademark owner. Our Website is also protected under international copyright laws. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any portion of our Website is strictly prohibited. Your use of our Website does not grant you ownership rights of any kind in our Website.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you. By linking to these websites, we do not create or have an affiliation with, or sponsor such third party websites. The inclusion of links within our Website does not constitute any endorsement, guarantee, warranty, or recommendation of such third party websites. FindYoga has no control over the legal documents and privacy practices of third party websites; as such, you access any such third party websites at your own risk.
General Terms
Our Legal Terms shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in Australia and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Australia without regard to conflict of law principles. In addition, you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. Any cause of action by you with respect to our Website, must be instituted within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. Should any part of our Legal Terms be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent that any Content in our Website conflicts or is inconsistent with our Legal Terms, our Legal Terms shall take precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of our Legal Terms shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision. The rights of FindYoga under our Legal Terms shall survive the termination of our Legal Terms.
×
Sign into FindYoga
Sign in with Facebook
OR
Email
Password
Sign in
Forgot password?
Don't have an account? Join FindYoga
×
Join FindYoga
Sign up with Facebook
Signing up with Facebook is fast and easy. We'll never post anything without your permission.
Or use your email, that's cool too:
First name
Last name
Email
Password
I'd like to add my listing to FindYoga
Join
Already have an account? Sign in
×
Forgotten your password?
Email address
Send reset linkI remember, sign in
Discover
Studios & Teachers
Yoga Events
Training Courses
Training Providers
anusara Yoga
ashtanga Yoga
bikram Yoga
hatha Yoga
hot-yoga Yoga
iyengar Yoga
jivamukti Yoga
kundalini Yoga
prenatal Yoga
restorative Yoga
Discover
Studios & Teachers
Yoga Events
Training Courses
Training Providers
Community
Yoga Journal
Yoga Styles
Join FindYoga
Create
Promote on FindYoga
Contact
Send us an Email
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe to the FindYoga newsletter!
We'll send you a weekly roundup of the best events and posts
Your name
Email address
Subscribe
About
Contact
Privacy
Terms of Use
© FindYoga 2020
Do you have a yoga studio?Promote on FindYoga today