http://www.sacramentoaudubon.org/privacy-policy
Go Birding
Field Trips
Sacramento Birds of Note
Sacramento Area Birds
Checklist
Gallery of Birds
Sightings
Bobelaine Audubon Sanctuary
Birding Locations
Citizen Science
Birding Ethics
News & Events
Calendar of Events
News
General Meeting
Monthly Speaker
The Observer
Get Involved
Join or Renew
Donate!
Volunteer
Other Ways to Give
Conservation
Conservation Projects
Grant and Donation Funding
Action Alerts
Lights Out during Migration
Creating Bird Friendly Spaces
Cat Policy
Injured Bird
Education
Community Programs
School Programs
Family Friendly Resources
Kids' Corner
SAS Bookshelf
Reference and Birding Guides
About Us
Our Chapter
Organization
Partners
Credits
Contact Us
Donate!
Privacy PolicyWhen You Use Our WebsiteThis website is hosted by Squarespace. Squarespace collects personal data when you visit this website, including: information about your browser, network and device; web pages you visited prior to coming to this website; your IP address.  Squarespace uses this data to run this website, and to protect and improve its platform and services.  Squarespace analyzes the data in a de-personalized form. When You Donate Through Our WebsiteWhen you donate on this website, we collect personal information from you in order to process your donation, acknowledge your donation in a timely manner, and keep you informed about the impact of our work.  To opt out of receiving information from Sacramento Audubon Society about your donation and/or membership, contact membership@sacramentoaudubon.org.We may collect information like your billing and shipping address, details of your donation, email address, name and phone number.  We share this information with Squarespace, our on-line service provider, so that they can provide website services to us.As you go through checkout, this site may auto-complete your shipping and billing address by sharing what you type with Google Place API and returning suggestions to improve your donation experience. When You Sign-Up for Action AlertsWhen you sign-up for Action Alerts, we collect personal information from you in order to process your request and keep you informed about local conservation issues in a timely manner.  To opt out of Sacramento Audubon Action Alert emails contact president@sacramentoaudubon.org.We may collect information like your name and email address. We share this information with Squarespace, our on-line service provider, so that they can provide website services to us.As you complete the form, this site may auto-complete your name and email by sharing what you type with Google Place API and returning suggestions.
SAS field trips, meetings, and other events have all been affected by COVID-19. Please check News for the most recent information.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Thank You!