https://www.peacefulwarrior.com/privacy-policy
Dan Millman presents The Peaceful Warrior's Way
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice applies to information that we may collect about you when using our website or any products / services available through our website. If you have any questions related to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at pw@danmillman.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We will only use your personal data for the purpose it was collected for. We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, political opinions, or otherwise. We may use User Data to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you (including Facebook ads or “promoted posts”) and to measure or understand the effectiveness of any such ads.
From time to time we may send out email messages alerting you that products are available, to remind you about providing feedback or for promotional offers. In addition, you will receive communication from us 1) if you contact us for a particular reason, 2) to receive your orders, or 3) we need to contact you for administrative purposes. Administrative e-mails will not contain promotional materials. If you choose to receive our Newsletters, they will contain promotional materials from PEACEFULWARRIOR.COM.
Contact forms
When you Contact Us through this website, using one of our Contact Forms, we may ask for: First Name, Email address, Country, State/Province and Zip/Postal Code. In some cases we may ask for website and telephone number.
The website does not automatically gather any personal information from you unless you provide it to use by contacting us via email, or by completing and submitting any online form. The contact information you provide grants us permission to respond to your comments, requests and inquiries. We never sell or share your contact information to any third party for any reason.
Email List / Newsletter
As of November 20, 2017, we are using MailChimp to manage our mailing list. You can sign up, or unsubscribe, at any time using the links provided here, or by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link we display prominently at the bottom of every email we send to you. By subscribing to the Peaceful Warrior eList, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Each and every current subscriber to the Peaceful Warrior eList has previously signed up through one of our online subscription forms. (We never ‘capture’ emails; our entire list is self-subscribed by interested individuals who ask to be included in our subscriber list.)  Note: prior to November 20, 2017 we used the Mailermailer service. Only current and active subscriber data was transferred from that service and imported to our account at MailChimp.com.
Personal data we collect for our email list is for the sole purpose of sending announcements about a new product or service, or to let you know about Dan’s speaking events.
Social Networks & Platforms
Pages on this website include Facebook “Like” buttons and social widgets, as well as Twitter “Tweet” buttons and social widgets. Please refer to Facebook Privacy Policy and Twitter Privacy Policy for additional details if you opt to use these services.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
A “cookie” is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive and which records how you move your way around a website so that, when you revisit that website, it can present tailored options based on the information stored about your last visit. Cookies can also be used to analyze traffic and for advertising and marketing purposes. Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system.
Our webserver uses Session cookies: these are only stored on your computer during your web session and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. They do not collect any personal data from your computer.
Our webserver may use Statistic cookies: We may use Google Analytics to generate statistical data on how visitors use the website. This data is collected and reported anonymously.
We use Wordfence Security plugin to protect the site against malicious attacks. Cookies generated by this security plugin may note only general (non-specific) information about your general geographic location. You can read their Privacy Policy here.
Links or embedded content from other websites
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links, or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. Embedded content from other websites (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Who we share your data with
PeacefulWarrior.com does not share or sell any personal data with anyone.
What rights you have over your data
You can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Last updated May 22, 2018