https://www.corporateknights.com/us/privacy-policy/
MENU
Search
Channels
Built Environment
Climate & Carbon
Clean Tech
Connected Planet
Education
Natural Capital
Food & Beverage
Health & Lifestyle
Leadership
Mining
Responsible Investing
Social Enterprise
Supply Chain
Workplace
Transportation
Utilities & Energy
Waste
Water
Perspectives
Book Review
Guest Comment
Q&A
Voices
Contributors
Magazines
Reports
Subscribe
This Privacy Policy was last modified on Sept 22, 2014.
Corporate Knights Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates www.corporateknights.com (the “Site”). Your privacy is important to us. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site, or to deliver a service or communication you have requested. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use.
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you, with your express consent. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number (“Personal Information”). For example, if you have requested a magazine subscription we require this information to fulfill the request. Personal information may also be required to access controlled areas of the Site. We may, occasionally, contact you regarding associated content or services available on the Site or directly through Corporate Knights. You can unsubscribe to such communications at any time, or by contacting us directly.
Children’s Personal Information
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from users under the age of 13. If we find out that we have such personal information, we will take reasonable steps to delete it.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information that can improve the way we deliver content, including online advertising. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. Corporate Knights Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Prohibited Disclosures
We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party, including advertisers, without your explicit consent. In addition, we will not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose our e-mail list or address list except as explicitly set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Corporate Knights Inc. may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at editorial [@] corporateknights.com.
Individual Issues