http://www.ibnet.org/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Updated: May 25, 2018
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for http://www.ibnet.org. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via input forms on the website, email, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your personal information with any third party.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via your preferred contact method in reference to your account maintenance, any profile maintenance, new features or services, or changes to this Privacy Policy.
We use PayPal for all donation transactions.
We will never ask for, or store, any of your personal financial information.
We will never request your login information.
Should your account require maintenance, we will contact you via email or your preferred contact method and ask you to login to our site to complete the required maintenance.
Registration
In order to post listings to the directory on our site and to use certain features, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about maintenance and new features and services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
Directory
All information which a user submits for use in profiles in the public directory of our site will be publicly accessible via the directory unless explicitly stated otherwise at the time the information is collected.
Any information used in the public directory or provided to registered users may be changed or deleted at any time by the profile owner via the My Profiles menu.
Links to Other Websites
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by logging into your account and going to My Account then Settings, or by contacting us via one of the contact methods listed on our site:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon in the address bar or at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only people who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, routine database maintenance) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use cookies for some website functionality such as the login "remember me" option.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to user needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Account Cancellation / Data Erasure
Your account will be canceled and all data permanently erased from our system at your request.
The request must come from your registration email, or you must prove your identity using some other accepted form of identification, such as a driver's license.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Our privacy policy and practices comply with the EU GDPR regulation that went into effect May 25, 2018.
This regulation grants you the following rights:
The right to acces the personal information we hold about you
The right to have your personal information sent directly to yourself or another organisation
The right to have inaccuracies corrected
The right to object, inlcuding in relation to direct marketing
The right to restrict the processing of information
The right to have information erased
To request, update, or erase any data that is not manageable via the user interface, please email: admin@ibnet.org.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email: admin@ibnet.org.
I have an account
*
Sign In
I forgot my password
Register