http://www.nber.org/privacy.html
Skip to main content
Home
About
Privacy Policy
NBER Website Privacy Policy
Share
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
About
In This Section
Leadership & Governance
Support & Funding
History
Standards of Conduct
Privacy Policy
Staff
Employment Opportunities at NBER
Overview
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which NBER website collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.nber.org website ("Site") and all other sites in that domain.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-Personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Google Analytics
We use “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use
and the
Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
NBER website may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site.
We may need your information to display content on the Site correctly.
To personalize user experience.
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site.
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails.
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Nevertheless a user should not reuse a password from any other site.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our staff and research affiliates.
Third Party Websites
Users may find on our site links to third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Compliance with Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
No part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
NBER website has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification at the privacy page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact
our webmaster.