http://www.leylandmethodist.org.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Leyland Methodist Church uses and protects any information that you give Leyland Methodist Church when you use this website.
Leyland Methodist Church is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Leyland Methodist Church may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 20th April 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new services, events or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
You can view our Cookie Policy here.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable data protection laws.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our sites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Social Media
We may promote events and information for Leyland Methodist Church via various social media platforms. The social media platform we use is:
Facebook –  https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Email Communications
We may promote events and information to people who have opted in to use this service. If you do not want to receive this information by email in the future please send an email to opt-out@leylandmethodist.org.uk
If you know anyone who would like to receive information by email then please ask them to send an email to opt-in@leylandmethodist.org.uk
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at office@leylandmethodist.org.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.  If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Leyland Methodist Church, Turpin Green Lane, Leyland, PR25 3HA.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
18 or Under
If you are aged 18 or under‚ please get permission from a parent or guardian beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Consent from a parent or guardian will be requested before any photographs or videos are taken of anyone 18 or under.
Changes to These Terms
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Policy at any time and will not specifically notify you of any changes. With this in mind, we recommend that you periodically check the Policy for any changes.
Share this...Facebook0TwitterLinkedinPinterest0
Categories
Awe & Wonder (21)
Bible Month – 30 Days In Colossians (15)
Bible Month – Ruth (10)
Bible Study – Acts (5)
Blog (26)
Galatians (39)
Jonah (16)
Online Services (37)
Reflections (11)
Spirit Filled Life (5)
Stewardship (2)
The Letter Of James (20)
Weekly Update (7)