http://www.bou.or.ug/bou/bouwebsite/RelatedPages/privacypolicy.html
MEDIA CENTER
Joseph Mubiru Memorial Lecture
Joseph Mubiru Memorial Lecture
Events Calendar
Governor's Profile
Governor's Profile
Deputy Governor's Profile
Deputy Governor's Profile
About Media Center
About the Media Center
Press Release
BOU Released Videos
BOU Released Videos
FAQs
Go
Privacy Policy
Bank of Uganda
RelatedPages
Privacy Policy
Overview
The Bank of Uganda (BoU) is the Central Bank of the Republic of Uganda. It was opened on the 15th  August 1966. It is 100% owned by the Government of Uganda but it is not a government Department.
Statement of Commitment and Assurance
We are committed to protecting your privacy and sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. We will treat any information that we receive from you with care and recognise the need for appropriate action to manage and protect any information that you share with us.
Consent
Any information that you give to us must be given voluntarily and with your consent. You will always be informed if we intend to collect information from you and you will always be given an opportunity to opt in or out.
Information Collection and Disclosure If you share any personal information with us, we will take appropriate steps to protect that information from unauthorized access or disclosure. Under certain circumstances, we may be prohibited from notifying you of a request for information e.g. criminal investigation involving fraud cases.
Our web servers may collect information such as the domain names of visitors, the number of visits to each page, the number of time each file is downloaded or the time of day that people visit our web pages. We are interested only in aggregate information (information about a large number of people) to assess the effectiveness of our web-site for the purpose of further enhancing our content and services.
To foster price stability and a sound financial system.
Vision of Bank of Uganda
To be a centre of excellence in upholding macroeconomic stability.
Location of Bank of Uganda
1. Bank of Uganda Headquarters is located on Plot 37/45 Kampala Road.
2. The Bank has 9 branches headed by Branch Managers in Kampala, Jinja, Mbale, Gulu, Mbarara, Kabale, Fort Portal , Arua and Masaka towns.
More Links
BoU Email Staff Login
Acts & Regulations
Downloads
SiteMap
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Stay connected