http://www.clevelandrmh.org/privacy
Who We Are
Mission
Board of Trustees
Staff
History
Impact & Financials
Our Relationship With McDonalds
Conference Center
Careers
Contact Us
Our Services
At the House
At Hospitals
At Outpatient Centers
In the Community
Online
Ways to Give
Volunteer
Events
Stories
DONATE
Privacy PolicyRonald McDonald House of Cleveland Inc.’s Online Privacy PolicyRonald McDonald House of Cleveland, Inc. (RMH) is pleased to provide information to all of its visitors to this website about its online privacy policy. Please be assured that RMH is committed to protecting your online privacy while you use our website. We urge you to read this privacy policy in its entirety so you will understand all of the practices and procedures we follow relating to your online privacy.What This Privacy Policy CoversIn this privacy policy, RMH describes the type of information that is collected about you on this website, how that information is collected, for what that information will be used, and to whom it will be given. This privacy policy will also tell you how to limit our use of your personal information.Contact our WebsiteThis website is RMH’s responsibility. You can contact us by e-mail or at the address indicated below.Types of Information Collected and How It Is UsedRMH gathers personal information, such as first and last names, home addresses, e-mail addresses and credit card numbers, only when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make an online donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation.With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information about RMH, such as RMH updates or information regarding new programs or fund-raising campaigns. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.In addition to any personal information you may choose to provide to us, some information about your computer, including your server address, Web browser, and computer system are automatically transmitted to our Web servers so that we can operate our site on the Internet. Also, as part of our operation of our website, we may automatically collect information on what parts of the website you access.Sharing of Personal InformationRMH may engage various companies to perform a variety of functions for us, such as assisting with donation collection and providing technical services for our Internet websites, among other things. RMH may provide these companies with access to personal information if needed to perform certain functions. However, these companies may use such personal information only for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as provided in this privacy policy, RMH does not sell, rent, transfer, or disclose personal information to third parties.RMH reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a public safety matter.AccessYou are in control of all personal information you provide to us online. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the postal address listed below.In order to review any personal information we have about you or to ask us to delete that information or to stop further use of the information, please submit this information request form.SecurityThe importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our users is of great concern to us. Financial information, if collected, is transmitted from your computer to our server using encryption software. Only those employees who need access to our users’ information in order to do their jobs are allowed access to this information.Cookies"Cookies" are pieces of information that an Internet site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow a certain Internet site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most Internet sites, RMH uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous, aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.The use of cookies is a widespread industry standard. Many major websites use cookies. Most Web browsers are initially configured to accept and process cookies. You can configure your browser to refuse cookies.Use the options in your Internet browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the "Help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this Web site.Links to Other SitesWe may offer links to sites that are not operated by RMH. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies or the content on those linked sites. Occasionally, by visiting those linked sites you may receive cookies from advertisers, partners and vendors associated with those linked sites. We do not control these cookies.Changes to our Privacy PolicyOur privacy policy became effective on July 14, 2009. From time to time, it may be necessary for RMH to change its privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.Acceptance of This Privacy PolicyBy using this website, you agree to the terms as well as any posted changes of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms, DO NOT use our website.How to Contact UsIf you have any questions about the RMH Internet Privacy Policy, please contact us at:Ronald McDonald House of Cleveland, Inc.10415 Euclid Ave.Cleveland, OH 44106(216) 229-5757
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Sign Up
By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Thank you for signing up for our newsletter!