http://www.shpe.org/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Home
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction and Scope
Your privacy is a priority for the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (sometimes referred to as “SHPE,” “us,” or “we”), and we want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information relating to you, your computer, or your device and that enable your identification (the “Personal Information”). This Privacy Policy describes our practices with information that we (or our service providers) collect from a user (sometimes referred to as “you”) through our websites, applications, and our other network-connected products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Site”). This Privacy Policy only addresses information collected directly through or from our Site – it does not address or govern any information-gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected from you other than directly through or from the Site, such as from telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media.
SHPE can be contacted by email at shpenational@shpe.org.
1. Collection of Personal Information From Users
When you interact with us through the Site, we may collect information from you as described below.
a. Information you provide
Some elements of the Site may ask you to submit Personal Information in order for you to benefit from the specified features or participate in a certain activity, such as magazine subscriptions, donation processing, completion of surveys, or event registration. For example:
Account Registration: If you register for an account on the Site, we may request Personal Information such as your name and contact information, such as your email address, telephone number, mailing address.Membership and Scholarship Applications: When you apply to become a member or for a scholarship through the Site, we will collect the information you provide in the application forms.Donations: If you make a donation on the Site, we will collect your name, contact information, credit or debit card, or other financial account information.Searches: When you perform a search within the Site, SHPE may record information identifying you or linking you to the search performed and recording information related to the search request.Events and Training: When you register for an event, we will ask for your name, your contact information, and we may ask for other information related to dietary restrictions, special facilities or equipment that you may require, and emergency contact information. We may ask for an email address or mobile phone number to contact you regarding event-related activities and opportunities. We may also request demographic information, such as your job title, purchasing responsibilities, company information, and professional certification.Surveys and contests: If you choose to participate in a survey or a contest you may be asked to provide information, including contact information and demographic information, like your job title.Careers: Certain parts of the Site may allow you to submit information or attachments, such as your resume, to apply for a job. On these pages of the Site, we collect the information you knowingly provide to us, which may include your contact information, your current employment, your employment history, your education and training, and any work restrictions.Contact Us: We collect the information that you knowingly provide when you contact us through the “Contact Us” portion of the Site.
We may combine the information you submit through the Site with other information we have collected from you, whether on-line or off-line. We treat the combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
b. Information About Minors
The Site is not intended for persons under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information online from persons in this age group. If you are under 16 and are interested in the SHPE Jr. Program, your parent or legal guardian must contact SHPE by emailing us at membership@shpe.org. We reserve the right to delete any information identified as having been provided by minors under the age of 16 at our discretion.
c. Location Information
Any comment system on the Site may utilize an opt-in Geolocation service in accordance with a prevailing community standard such as HTML 5. Such Geolocation opt-in ability is managed by the user’s browser settings. If a user chooses to opt-in to the Geolocation service, the user’s comments may be associated with the user’s location, both internally within SHPE and publicly on the Site.
d. Passive Information Collection, Use, and Choices
As you navigate the Site, certain Personal Information may be passively collected, meaning it is gathered without your actively providing it. This is done using the following techniques in the following ways:
IP Addresses: An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what geographic regions our website visitors come. We also may use this information to enhance our Site.Through your browser: Certain information is collected by most browsers, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type and operating system type and version screen resolution, and Internet browser type and version.
Social Media Widgets. Our Site may include social media tools, including social media widgets or plug-ins, to connect you to our social media accounts. These features may set a cookie or use other automatic collection and tracking technologies to collect information about you and your use of the social media features through and in connection with our Site. These social media tools may be hosted by a third party. Your interactions with these tools and the corresponding social media platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide such platforms.
Embedded Videos: Should a user ever view any embedded Vimeo or Youtube video material, please be aware that Vimeo and YouTube apply their own cookies which help you stay logged in, suggest recommended videos, volume preference and help to deliver advertisements. For further information regarding their policies, please refer to these webpages:
www.vimeo.com/cookie_policy
policies.google.com/privacy (YouTube)
Cookies: Like many companies, our Site may use “cookies” to help make sure the Site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain websites. We may use cookies set by us on the Site to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor, for payment processing purposes, and to allow access to our proprietary platform. We use third-party cookies set by our service providers to collect information about how visitors use the Site, including how long you spend on each page, and how you got to the Site. We do not allow our service providers to use or share our analytics data. Specifically, our service provider, Google Analytics, uses the following cookies if you use the Site:
Cookie NameExpiration TimeDescription_ga26 monthsPersistent cookies. Used to distinguish users._gidAt end of sessionUsed to distinguish users by storing a unique user session identifier._gat24 hoursUsed to throttle request rate.
You can visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout for information on how to opt out of Google Analytics cookies.
You can refuse our use of some or all cookies by turning off the use of cookies in your web browser. If you use your browser settings to block all types of cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site or functionality may be limited.
You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies.
Changing your internet browser settings can prevent the use of cookies. Each browser has a different procedure for disabling the use of cookies. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may visit http://www.aboutcookies.org where you can review information on how to control cookies on a variety of browsers. You will also find details of how to delete cookies from your computer and other general information about cookies.
We do not track your behavior across third-party websites. Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals and we operate as described in this Privacy Statement whether or not a DNT signal is received, as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance.
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
We use Personal Information submitted by you or otherwise collected through the Site and through other sources for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection. Generally, we use the information you provide to use for the reason for which it was provided. For example, if you sign up to receive email notifications, we will contact you by email. If you provide us with information to make a donation, we will use the information to process your donation. Specifically, we may use Personal Information from or about you:
if you are a member, to deliver membership benefits to you;
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you information that you request and to fulfill your donations;
to send you important information regarding our relationship with you or regarding the Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies, and other administrative information;
if you provide Personal Information in order to obtain access to or use the functionality of part of the Site, we will use your Personal Information to provide you with access to and use of that functionality, including to evaluate your qualifications to use such functionality;
to facilitate communications among members of SHPE, including to create, update, and manage our membership directory;
if you choose to complete a survey, we may use the information for purposes of evaluating your feedback from the survey;
if you apply for a job on the Site, we may use the personal data to process your application;
if you register for an event, we may use your Personal Information to contact you and send you information relating to the event, including by email. If it is a paid event, we may process your credit card or other account information for payment purposes. We may also use the information to manage the event, including to address dietary restrictions and facility accommodations;
we may use Personal Information to notify you about upcoming events and donation opportunities;
we may use Personal Information to promote our products and services, and the products and services of our affiliates;
for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, recordkeeping, developing new products or services, enhancing the Site, improving our services, identifying Site usage trends, personalizing your experience on the Site, and determining the effectiveness of our fundraising campaigns; and
if we intend to collect and use Personal Information for another purpose, we may seek your permission at the time the information is collected.
We may use any information that does not personally identify you, your computer, or your device, for any purpose.
3. Our Disclosure of Your Information.
SHPE does not sell your Personal Information. We may share your Personal Information with third parties only as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise described at the point where we collect the information from you, including:
to our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;to the companies or individuals that we hire to provide services to us, such as website hosting services;if you are a member, your name and contact information will be included in the SHPE membership directory, which will be shared with other members and third parties;if you choose to make an online donation or other payment through the Site, your payment will be processed by PayPal, a third-party company that specializes in processing online payments. Since we use PayPal’s payment processing service, we do not receive your full credit card information; however, your complete payment information will be available to PaPpal. Please see their privacy policy at https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full for more information about how they process and use your Personal Information;to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings)
4. Uses and Disclosures to Comply with Laws.
In addition, where permitted by applicable law, we use and disclose Personal Information collected through the Site as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (i) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (ii) to comply with legal process; (iii) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (iv) to enforce our terms and conditions; (v) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (vi) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (vii) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
5. Links to Third-Party Sites.
The Site may contain links to other Web sites for the convenience of users in locating information, products, or services that may be of interest. If you access a third-party website from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that website is not subject to this Privacy Policy. It is possible that these links may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about you. SHPE is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites, advertisers, or third parties or the content of such websites and it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites. SHPE does not control these third parties’ use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites, advertisers and any third parties.
6. Security
SHPE will take reasonable steps to protect the information collected and provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, you should understand that no transmission over the Internet is ever fully secure. Also, SHPE uses reasonable efforts to ensure that the Site is generally available. However, there will be occasions when access to the Site will be interrupted or unavailable. SHPE will use reasonable efforts to minimize such disruption where it is within its reasonable control. You agree that SHPE shall not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site.
7. Your Data Rights and Choices.
Registered users can update their profile information on the Site by clicking on shpeconnect.org. You can unsubscribe from certain emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link they contain. You can opt-out of the use of certain cookie-related processing by following the instructions in Section 1(e) above (Passive Information Collection, Use, and Choices).
8. California.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (also known as the “Shine The Light” law) permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.
9. Right to Change Privacy Policy.
SHPE reserves the right at any time to modify, alter, or update this Privacy Policy. Your use of the Site following any changes means that you agree to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy as changed, subject to limitations under applicable law. Any change to this Privacy Policy shall be effective as to any user who has visited the Site before the change was made. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Information to us. The Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above.
10. Contacting Us.
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information practices. You may contact us as follows:
Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers13181 Crossroads Parkway North, Suite 220City of Industry, CA 97416
shpenational@shpe.org
Telephone: (323) 725-3970
Last Updated: July 2018
Anchor-link
Back to top