http://www.iac.es/en/privacy-policies
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy policies
Privacy policies
Date: 09/02/2020
Through its privacy policy, the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS informs users of the following:
The present data protection policy regulates the handling of personal data provided by users through the Internet portal that the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS places at the disposal of Internet users. The present policy forms part of the Legal Notice that is permanently accessible from the portal. The INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS undertakes to comply with legislation in force concerning the handling of data of a personal nature (in particular, EU REGULATION 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND COUNCIL OF 27 April 2016 and Organic Law 3/2018 of 5 December concerning the Protection of Personal Data and the guarantee of digital rights).
With regard to anonymous and aggregate technical and diagnostic security, the IAC may register users’ IPs (the identity code of a device’s access to the Internet that enables devices, systems, and servers to recognize and communicate with one another). This information may also be used for the purpose of analysing Web efficiency.
Responsible entity
Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias
Calle Vía Láctea, s/n
38205 – La Laguna - Santa Cruz de Tenerife
Purpose
Attending to various types of applications from the user
Legitimation
Consent of interested party
Addressees
Other entities or firms collaborating with the IAC Public administrations and bodies for the fulfilment of obligations directly demanded of the Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias.
Rights
To access, rectify or eliminate data, together with other rights, such as explained in Further Information.
Further information
Consult Further Information la Información Adicional for details concerning Data Protection.
Who is responsible for handling users’ data?
The IAC advises users that the data they supply when registering on our portal or when sending emails will be included in the systems owned by the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS (hereafter, IAC), domiciled at Calle Vía Láctea, S/N, 38205 – La Laguna (Santa Cruz de Tenerife). The IAC guarantees that it will handle the data in a licit, respectful, transparent, appropriate, relevant, limited, and exact manner, and keep them updated. The electronic mail contact address of the entity is secadm [at] iac.es.
When do we gather users’ data?
When users complete any form on the website in which they include their data. Fields marked with an asterisk must be completed; e.g. registry, applications for courses, contact details, etc.
When using our platform. We gather users’ data when they use our platform with the use of own and third-party cookies. If you want to know more, please consult our Cookies Policy.
When following the steps of established procedures in the portal of the electronic headquarters. Examples include general forms, complaints and suggestions, requests for information and transparency, customs exemption certificates, and OTPC reports.
What is our purpose in handling users’ personal data?
The data supplied to us will be used to attend to a various types of IAC users, or for the processing of any corresponding procedures. Depending on the nature of the request, the purpose will be for:
Processing consultations and proposal applications submitted using the contact form designed for that purpose.
Registration for courses, conferences, and events.
Registration applications.
Electronic communications of an informative nature, depending on the interests of users.
Processing of corresponding procedures.
Proper adscription to the IAC’s collaboration programme.
Equally, the data will be used for statistical studies and profile analysis with the aim of providing a better service to users.
Users are advised that their data will be passed on to collaborative entities whenever this is necessary in order to provide the services selected.
From time to time the IAC may use your personal data to send you notifications via electronic mail. Such notifications are to serve the purpose of informing you of modifications to our services.
Legitimation for the use of your personal data
We advise you that our use of your data is legally justified:
When fulfilling a mission in the public interest or in the exercise of public powers conferred on the person responsible for their handling;
When fulfilling a legal obligation incumbent on the person responsible for their handling;
Where interested parties have consented to the use of their personal data for one or more specific purposes.
For how long will we conserve users’ data?
Any personal data provided shall be conserved for the amount of time required to attend to requests from users, or until such time as they request their suppression. For the processing of procedures, data shall be conserved for legally established periods, depending on the procedure. In general, data will be conserved for legally prescribed periods.
Data will be suppressed in accordance with the stipulations of data protection regulations, such suppression implying the blocking of access to them, such access being permitted solely to Judges and Tribunals, the Ministry of Finance, and Public Administrations with competency in their use during the prescribed periods of time required by any actions deriving from them.
To whom may we communicate your data?
In those cases in which users’ requests are deemed justified by the IAC, personal information may be placed at the disposal of third parties and appropriate administrations for the purpose of processing the corresponding procedure or request, including those entities located outside the European Economic Area, but solely in order to address the request.
Likewise, data may be shared with:
State, autonomous-region, and local Public Administrations, in compliance with their legal obligations.
Public bodies, in compliance with the direct obligations demanded of the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS.
Corps and forces of state security, in fulfilment of legal obligations.
Courts and Tribunals, in fulfilment of legal obligations.
Confidentiality of data and security measures
The IAC guarantees the adoptions of opportune measures to ensure the confidential handling of personal data, as established in REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND COUNCIL of 27 April, 2016, with special guarantee being given of the confidentiality and security of any data handled.
Instructions for the completion of varios forms and subsections. Minimum age.
All fields marked with an asterisk (*) must be filled in. If such fields are not completely filled in, we will not be able to proceed with your request. Only persons older than 14 years may complete forms. Those under 14 must be seek the consent of their parents or guardians before completing any form.
Users guarantee that they are older than 14 years and vouch for the authenticity and actuality of the data that they communicate to the IAC, and will remain solely accountable for any false or inexact data supplied. Certain procedures are forbidden to minors, and certain procedures will only be permitted to persons older than 18 years.
Users guarantee that the data they supply are truthful, exact, complete, and up to date, and are answerable for any harm or damage, direct or indirect, that may be occasioned as a consequence of failure to fulfil this obligation. In cases where the data supplied belong to a third party, users guarantee that that party has been duly informed of the nature of this document, and that the authorization of the third party has been obtained for the purposes specified before sending it to the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS.
Accounts, passwords, and security
In order to provide the services offered through a website, it is necessary to register as a user of that site, so that it is essential for an account to be created. It is the responsibility of users to maintain the confidentiality of the information in their accounts, including their passwords and all activities that take place within their accounts. Users are under the obligation to inform the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS immediately of any illegitimate use of their accounts or passwords, or of any problem involving security.
What rights do users have?
The IAC advises you that your data will be handled in a licit, respectful, transparent, appropriate, relevant, limited, and exact manner, and keep them updated. The IAC therefore undertakes to adopt all reasonable measures to suppress or rectify that data without delay where there is any inexactitude.
In accordance with the rights conferred on users by current legislation on data protection, you may exercise the following rights:
Right of Access: This is the right of users to obtain information on their specific personal data and the way in which they have been, or will be, handled, as well as any available information on the origin of those data and any communications made, or likely to be made, of them.
Right of Rectification: This is the right of persons affected to modify any of their data that are inexact or incomplete. This right may only be exercised in relation to such information as is within the control of the IAC; for example, the elimination of comments published on the page itself, images or web contents where the personal data of users are published.
The Right of Limitation of handling: This is the right that limits the purposes of the handling of the originally envisaged nature of the data on the part of the person responsible for their handling.
Right of Suppression: This is the right to suppress users’ personal data, with the exception of the provisions of the RGPD itself or other applicable regulations that specify the obligation to conserve the data in question in time and form.
Right of Portability: This is the right to receive personal data provided by users, in a structured format, for common use and mechanical reading, and to transmit them to another responsible person.
Right of Opposition: This is the right of users to prevent handling of their personal data, or to cease such handling by IAC.
You may exercise your rights via the postal address Calle Vía Láctea, S/N, 38205 – La Laguna (Santa Cruz de Tenerife), Spain, or by electronic mail to protecciondedatos [at] iac.es, indicating the right you wish to exercise, accompanied by the requisite documentation. You may present any reclamation  you see fit to the appropriate Control Authority.
You will find a series of models that will aid you in the exercise of your rights on the AEPD website.
We wish to inform you that you may contact the data protection delegate through the following electronic mail address: delegado.protecciondedatos [at] iac.es.
Social network privacy policy
As stipulated in current legislation concerning Data of a Personal Nature (RGPD) and Law 34/2002 of 11 July concering Information Society and Electronic Commerce Services, the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS hereby informs users that it has created a profile in the Social Networks Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Flickr, Pinterest, LinkedIn, YouTube, and DailyMotion with the main aim of publicizing its products and services.
Data of the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS (hereafter, IAC):
Fiscal Identity Number (NIF): Q3811001A
ADDRESS: Calle Vía Láctea, s/n, 38205 – La Laguna (Santa Cruz de Tenerife)
ELECTRONIC ADDRESS: secadm [at] iac.es
WEB DOMAIN: www.iac.es and derived webpages
Users have a profile in the same Social Network and have made the decision to join the page created by the IAC, thus demonstrating their interest in the information publicized by the Network. By joining our page, they give consent for the handling of those personal data published in their profile.
Users may at any time access the privacy policies of the Social Network to configure their profile to guarantee their privacy.
The IAC has access to and handles information published by users, particularly their contact names. These data are used only within the Social Network concerned. They are not included in any file.
With regard to your rights of access, rectification, limitation of handling, suppression, portability, and opposition to handling, which may be exercised before the IAC, you should bear in mind, in accordance with the RGPD, the following points:
Right of Access: This is the right of users to obtain information on their specific personal data any the way in which they have been, or will be, handled, as well as any available information on the origin of those data and any communications made, or likely to be made, of them.
Right of Rectification: This is the right of persons affected to modify any of their data that are inexact or incomplete. This right may only be exercised in relation to such information as is within the control of the IAC; for example, the elimination of comments published on the page itself, images or web contents where the personal data of users are published.
The Right of Limitation of handling: This is the right that limits the purposes of the handling of the originally envisaged nature of the data on the part of the person responsible for their handling.
Right of Suppression: This is the right to suppress users’ personal data, with the exception of the provisions of the RGPD itself or other applicable regulations that specify the obligation to conserve the data in question in time and form.
Right of Portability: This is the right to receive personal data provided by users, in a structured format, for common use and mechanical reading, and to transmit them to another responsible person.
Right of Opposition: This is the right of users to prevent handling of their personal data, or to cease such handling by IAC.
The IAC will perform the following actions:
Access to the public information in the profile.
Publication in users’ profiles of all the information already published on the IAC’s website.
Sending personal and individual messages via Social Network channels.
Updating the pages in which users’ profiles are published.
Users can always control their connections, eliminate contents that no longer interest them, and restrict the sharing of their connections by accessing their privacy configuration.
Publications
Once they are connected to any social network, users may publish comments, links, images, and photographs, or any kind of multimedia content supported by the network. In all cases, users must be the owner of such matter, possess the author  and intellectual property rights, or have permission of any third parties involved. It is expressly forbidden to publish on the page any texts, graphics, photographs, videos, etc., that violate the standards of morality, ethics, good taste or decorum, and/or that infringe, violate or breach intellectual or industrial property rights, image rights, or the law. In such cases, the IAC reserves the right immediately to retire such content, and may request the blocking of user access.
The IAC cannot be held responsible for any content freely published by users.
Users must keep in mind that their publications will be known to other users, and that they bear full responsibility for their own privacy.
Images published on the page will not be stored in any file by the IAC but will remain on the Social Network.
Competitions and promotions
The IAC reserves the right to organize competitions and make promotions in which users of its website may participate. The bases of such activities, when carried out using a Social Network platform, will be published on that platform, in compliance with the LSSI-CE and any other relevant legislation.
The Social Network does not in any way sponsor or guarantee any of our promotions and is not associated with them in any way.
Publicity
The IAC uses the Social Network to publicize its services and, in all cases, if it decides to use your contact data to carry out direct actions of a commercial nature, will always do so in compliance with the legal requirements of the RGPD and the LSSI-CE.
The act of recommending the IAC website to other users so that they may benefit from its promotions or be informed of its activities shall not be considered to be publicity.
The privacy policy of Social Network may be found in the following pages:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/323540651073243/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy
Instagram: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
Flickr: https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/es/yahoo/flickr/
Pinterest: https://policy.pinterest.com/es/privacy-policy
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
YouTube: https://policies.google.com/privacy
DailyMotion: https://www.dailymotion.com/legal/privacy?localization=es