http://www.holysocks.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Holy Socks, Faith on your Feet is based at68 Queen Street,Newton Stewart,Wigtownshire,Dumfries & GallowayDG8 6JLScotland   01671 40 40 43   Mobile 07918 18 45 39 Most Holy Socks are made in 75% cotton, 23% nylon and 2% elastane/lycra. Orders are generally sent by Royal Mail. The following terms and conditions apply to all orders received for Holy Socks via thewww.holysocks.co.uk web site.1. These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.2. We will treat each order for goods as an offer by you to purchase the goods subject to these terms and conditions. Holy Socks order acceptance.The sale of Holy socks shall not be considered complete until we have accepted your offer to purchase them. Our acceptance of your offer to purchase is signified when we process your credit or debit card.  holysocks.co.uk reserves the right to decline your order at any time up until the moment we charge your credit or debit card.Customer Order CancellationIf you need to cancel your Holy Sock Order please contact us within 24 hours of first placing your order. If we have not sent your order, we will cancel it. If it has been sent, we will be unable to cancel your order and the goods will be charged to you and sent to the  requested address. Prices. All prices shown are in UK Pounds Sterling. We reserve the right at any time to revise prices to account for any increases in costs including the increase or imposition of any duty, tax, levy or exchange  rate variation.   The prices do not include and taxes and levies which apply in the sellers political  and geographical area. The buyer must be liable in all cases for these.  We will take all reasonable steps to notify you of any relevant revision of  prices before processing your order. Delivery We will do our best to deliver your order within the time indicated in the web site.    However, we will not be under any liability to you in respect of any failure to deliver within this timescale or on any particular day or dates.Title to the goods passes to you immediately before your consignment is delivered to our nominated carrier(s) for dispatch. PRIVACY POLICY HOLY SOCKS seek to protect your privacy while shopping online.  We will use the information you provide us with lawfully in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.  We will not pass on the information you provide to any third party. Legal Liability The contracts for the sale of Holy socks from holysocks.co.uk from the websiteshall be exclusively subject to, governed by, construed and interpreted inaccordance with Scottish law. The courts of Scotland shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of them and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with them. Our liability to you whether for breach of contract, misrepresentation, negligence or otherwise shall in no circumstance exceed the reasonable directcosts for the damaged, defective or undelivered goods which give rise to suchliability. Acceptance of Holy Socks Terms & ConditionsBy placing an order for Holy Socks by holysocks.co.uk, you are deemed to haveaccepted our terms and conditions as governing your order. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions specified here, you must not order from holysocks.co.uk Copyright. Although our designs and stories are copyright, we are pleased that they be used in worship or in church magazines. It's nice to hear of this so please let us know of any children's addresses or talks which Holy Socks have inspired.   Otherwise material on the Holy Socks website may not be stored or reproduced in any form whatsoever without the prior  permission of Holy Socks. All our sock designs are original and copyright to Holy Socks. Privacy Policy