http://www.eurasylum.org/eurasylums-privacy-policy
Research and Consulting on Migration and Asylum Policy Worldwide
Home
About
Experience
Advisory Board
Interviews
Journal
Publications
Links
News
Contact
Home › Eurasylum’s Privacy and Cookies Policy
Eurasylum’s Privacy and Cookies Policy
Eurasylum adheres to strict privacy policy rules, based in particular on all relevant EU directives on the processing of personal data. This policy is designed to safeguard the rights of individuals who register with, and provide personal contact information to Eurasylum.
Information collection (during registration)
The information that users provide is compiled in Eurasylum’s database and used exclusively for internal, users’ identification purposes. Occasionally this information may be used to send out Eurasylum’s newsletters and email alerts. However, this information will only be optional and an opt-out facility will be available to all users.
Cookies policy
In line with the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011 (UK Regulations):
Eurasylum will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our websites, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The ‘Help’ function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your machine as well as more general information about cookies.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of our website.
If you wish to view a cookie’s code, just open your cookie file in your browser and click on a cookie to open it. You will see a short string of text and numbers. The numbers are your identification card, which can only be seen by the server that gave you the cookie.
For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
No third parties
During registration users are required to provide certain contact information, such as name, institution, country of residence and email address. Eurasylum is the sole owner of any personal information collected from this site. Eurasylum will not sell, share, or rent this information to any third party.
Your rights
Eurasylum will provide registered users with a summary of their personal information upon request. This information will only be sent to the e-mail address on file for the individual name associated with it. Upon request, Eurasylum will remove any subscriber (and his/her personal information) from the database, allow any subscriber to “opt out” from receiving information, or change/correct personal information which the individual states is erroneous. To obtain an information summary or request a change of information, please e-mail Management@Eurasylum.org
IP addresses
Eurasylum uses IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Eurasylum is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of websites to which it may link. We encourage our users to be aware of this point when leaving our site and to read the privacy statements of any third party site. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected through Eurasylum’s website.
Notification of changes
If Eurasylum were to modify or expand the use of information contained in the database and change the company’s privacy policy, all registered users would be informed in writing via e-mail. Users will have the choice to opt-out from any new such policy or procedures.
Acceptance of Terms
By using this website, you agree to Eurasylum’s Privacy and Cookies Policy. For further information, please contact us.
© 2001 - 2020
Eurasylum
All rights reserved.
Registered in England No: 4203258; VAT No: GB 792 0935 08.
Registered office: Carpenter Court, 1 Maple Road, Bramhall, Stockport, Cheshire SK7 2DH, United Kingdom (Privacy and Cookies Policy)