https://www.lancastermennonite.org/privacypolicy/
Lancaster Mennonite
×
About
Admissions
Academics
Athletics
Fine Arts
Alumni
Support
Lancaster
Locust Grove
New Danville
Why Choose LM?
Locations & Transportation
Spiritual Life
Mission & Vision
Core Values
History
Faculty & Staff
Testimonials
Videos
Pastoral Relations
Board of Trustees
Financial Report
Apply
Virtual Tours
Visit
Videos
Tuition & Financial Aid
Boarding Options
Continuous Enrollment
FACTS FAQs
Testimonials
Church Partnership Scholarships
Locations & Transportation
Merit Scholarships
Educational Program
High School
Middle School
Elementary School
Kindergarten
Pre-K
Curriculum Guide
STEAM Curriculum
Support Programs
Service Learning
Blazers Fan Page
Blazer Nation
Championships
Mennonite Sports Organization
Summer Camps
Visual Arts
Drama
Music
Update Information
Bridges Magazine
Blazer Nation
Ways to Support
Named Endowments
Making a Difference
Bridges to the Future
Superintendent Letter
Perspectives
EITC
SPE
OSTC
Church Partnership Scholarships
Academics
Athletics
Fine Arts
Staff
Transportation
Chapel
Counseling
My Campus Info
Academics
Athletics
Fine Arts
Staff
Transportation
Chapel
Counseling
MY Campus Info
Academics
Athletics
Fine Arts
Staff
Transportation
Chapel
Counseling
My Campus Info
COVID Information
Schoology
Seesaw
FACTS
Calendar
Contact
717.509.4459
LM Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice Policy This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for official websites of Lancaster Mennonite School (LM). Official LM websites use the domain name ‘www.lancastermennonite.org‘ or its subdomains, are publicly available and are managed by school staff to support school business. We use other services for student and constituent data that are beyond the scope of this policy.  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by official websites. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We do not automatically collect personally identifying information for visitors to official LM websites unless you voluntarily provide it to us—for example by requesting information, registering for an event, applying for admission, or logging in using an LM account. Should you decide not to provide personally identifiable information you may not be able to receive some of the services we offer online.
We do automatically collect information generated as a routine part of visiting official LM websites. This information may include your computer’s IP address, details about your web browser, and the date and time of your browsing session. We use this information and other information collected from our servers to monitor the performance of our systems, to respond to security threats, to analyze usage patterns and trends, and to improve our websites.
We also use “cookies” on official LM websites. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a visitor’s computer to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Usage of a cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information on our site, except during browsing sessions when you voluntarily provide such information to us. Also, cookies may be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
We also use Google Analytics to collect and process data about your visit. We do not pass any personally identifiable information to Google and are prohibited from doing so by the Google Analytics terms of service. For more information about Google Analytics please see “How Google uses data when you use our partner’s sites or apps” located at: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request and as described above.
We use an outside credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. We keep the computers and backup devices in which we store personally identifiable information in a secure environment.
Changes
Occasional changes may be made to these policies as new services and content are added to our site, and as prompted by changes in technology, law, or other factors. Visitors are encouraged to check this document periodically to stay informed of current privacy and security guidelines. We reserve the right to make changes without notice.
Acceptance of Terms
By using any of the LM website(s), you signify your acceptance of our privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of any LM site following the posting of changes to these terms will indicate your acceptance of those changes.
Questions and concerns
If you have questions or concerns about this policy or about official LM websites please contact us via telephone at 717-509-4459 or via email at support@lancastermennonite.org.