https://www.str.org/privacy-policy
Navigation
Skip to Content
Sign In
Stand to Reason has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL str.org.
Stand to Reason does not share or sell any information given us by donors or subscribers online or offline. We do not send mailings on behalf of other organizations. Stand to Reason only uses donor and subscriber information for the organization's purposes. Subscribers can opt out of emails at any time using the unsubscribe button at the bottom of emails or opt our of postal mailings by contacting STR's office.
Stand to Reason keeps donor and subscriber information given online or offline private.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Stand to Reason reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;
and, How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Stand to Reason by sending an email to questions@str.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
The Do Not Track Browser Setting
We support the Do Not Track browser setting. Do Not Track (or DNT) is a preference you can set in your browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not want them collecting certain information about you.
For more details about Do Not Track, including how to enable or disable this preference, visit this Do Not Track webpage.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of "Cookies"
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security
All information provided to Stand to Reason is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Stand to Reason. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Stand to Reason will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. Stand to Reason stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Websites
Our site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Stand to Reason has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the Organization
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
Stand to Reason
1438 East 33rd Street
Signal Hill, CA 90755
You can also send an email to: questions@str.org.
Subscribe
WANT TO BE A STRONGER AMBASSADOR FOR CHRIST?
Let us equip you through our signature publications, videos, articles, and other mentoring tools. Receive the full selection of resources when you share your email address above or customize your selections here.
Confidence for every ChristianClear thinking for every challengeCourage and grace for every encounter
Subscribe
Share This