https://www.alohamystics.com/privacy-policy/
MP3’s
CD’s
Classes
Events
Videos
Courses
Print
Links
HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Aloha Mystics is the website of John Stephenson. Our website address is: https://alohamystics.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information, like their name and email address, and unique identifiers. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to un-subscribe. Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user’s identity and for use in our record system.
Additional information
How we protect your data
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All data is protected using the most advanced methods available. We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this site.
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies to identify you so we can retrieve your information so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
What third parties we receive data from
This site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information and unique identifiers. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Un-Subscribe
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive mail list messages.
Send an email to us by visiting the Contact Page.
Support
Product categoriesAll
COMPACT DISCS
COMPLETE CLASS RECORDINGS
COURSES
EVENTS
MP3
PRINT
VIDEOS
Virginia Stephenson
Meet Virginia
Virginia’s Monthly Lesson
Virginia’s Bible Lessons
Virginia’s Infinite Way History
Virginia Stephenson Talks
John Stephenson
Learn more about John
John’s Infinite Way History
Listen to John’s 21st Century Talks
JOEL S. GOLDSMITH, THE MAN AND HIS MESSAGE
Sandra Knight Stephenson
Get to know Sandra
Infinite Way Coach
JOEL S. GOLDSMITH, THE MAN AND HIS MESSAGE
Visit Our Internet Friends
Links
Copyright © 2020 | MH Magazine WordPress Theme by MH Themes