http://www.harvesthope.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Any information our online or our offline donors submit to us is never traded, shared, sold or distributed to anyone else. We do not send donor mailing on behalf of other organizations.
This policy covers user privacy, system security, and information collection practices.  This Privacy Policy Statement applies only to Harvest Hope Food Bank websites.  Other organizations may have other information collection practices.  You are encouraged to check privacy policies when going to any other website.
Information presented on these pages is protected under applicable copyright laws.  Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is required.
Consent to Voluntary Information Collection and Sharing
All the information users submit to Harvest Hope is done on a voluntary basis.  When a user clicks the “submit” button on any of the web forms found on our site, they are indicating voluntary consent to the conditions outlined in this policy.  We do not collect personally identifiable information (e.g. name, address, phone number, email address) unless you provide it.  In all cases, the information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users.
Any information you submit to us is never traded, shared, sold or distributed to anyone else..  If you have submitted personally identifiable information (e.g. name, address, phone number, email address) and wish to have it removed from Harvest Hope records, you may send the request to hhfb@harvesthope.org.
Security of Credit Card Information and Refund Policy
We care about the safety of your credit card transaction: secure server technology is used throughout the online donation process.  We use high-grade encryption software and the https security protocol to communicate with your browser software.  As a result, it is extremely difficult for anyone to intercept the credit card information you send to us.
If you prefer, contributions may also be made by telephone.  In the United States, donate by phone using your credit card by calling 803-254-4432.  Please call weekdays from 8:30 am to 4:00 pm.
Or, if you’d prefer, mail us your contribution by printing the online donation form and mailing it to us at:
Harvest Hope Food Bank
Post Office Box 451
Columbia, SC 29202
If you have recently made a donation and wish to have it refunded, please contact our office Monday-Friday, 8:30 am - 4:00 pm, at 803-254-4432.
Site Management Data Collected
Harvest Hope’s web servers automatically collect information for site management and statistical purposes.  This computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most or least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
How Email is Handled
We use the information you send us by email only for the purpose for which it is submitted (e.g. to answer a question, to send information).  In addition, if you do choose to provide information, it is only used to respond to your request (e.g. addressing a package to send you information) or to provide a service you are requesting (e.g. email notifications).
How Information is Used
The information Harvest Hope collects is used for a variety of purposes (e.g. donation forms, newsletter subscription forms, etc.).  We make every effort to clearly disclose at the point of collection how information is used and allow our website visitor to determine whether they wish to provide the information.  Any information you submit to us is never traded, shared, sold or distributed to anyone else.
How Long Information is Retained
We no longer retain the information collected when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute, policy, or both.
Requesting Removal From Email Lists
On occasion, Harvest Hope Food Bank may send unsolicited emails to people who have contacted us via email in the past.  If you prefer not to receive these unsolicited emails, you may request to have your email address removed by contacting hhfb@harvesthope.org or by phone at 803-254-4432 (please call weekdays from 8:30 am to 4:00 pm) or by mail:
Harvest Hope Food Bank
Post Office Box 451
Columbia, SC 29202
Information Protection
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage to the information on our Web sites. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under law. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction.
Interaction with Children
Harvest Hope offers educational content to children under 13. No personally identifiable information is collected from these visitors unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services. The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users.
The Use of “Cookies”
Cookies are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored in the user’s computer, ready for future access. Cookies are embedded in the HTML information flowing back and forth between the user’s computer and the servers. Cookies were implemented to allow user-side customization of Web information. For example, cookies are used to personalize Web search engines, to allow users to participate in WWW-wide contests (but only once!), and to store shopping lists of items a user has selected while browsing through a virtual shopping mall.  Harvest Hope’s Web site does not use “persistent cookies” or other persistent tracking technology.
Sharing of Information with Law Enforcement Agencies
Conditions under which the information may be shared with law enforcement agencies:
Harvest Hope Food Bank or its agents may share information received from its Web sites with law enforcement agencies. For example, if a breach of our IT security protections were to occur, the information collected by our servers and staff could be shared with appropriate law enforcement officials.
Restriction of Liability
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal or other advice or warranting as fail proof, the security of the information produced through www.harvesthope.org.
Dispute Resolution
If for some reason you believe this site has not adhered to these principles, please notify the Harvest Hope Food Bank by email at hhfb@harvesthope.org. If our web pages are not fully in compliance with our stated policies, they will be corrected.
Digital Usage
Using embedded images, pixel tags and other similar technologies: We may use embedded images or pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) in connection with some Site pages and email messages to, among other things, track the actions of Site users and email recipients, measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about Site usage and response rates. URLs contained in emails contain an ID that enables us to identify Site users who take an action using a page from the Site, and we may use these URLs to simplify the process of signing petitions and completing surveys. We may occasionally present a shortened URL that references a longer URL that contains an ID. We do this to simplify the display, to prevent links from becoming broken when copied, and to ensure compatibility with email programs that do not handle long URLs. When a shortened URL is displayed in an email, you will see the full URL in the browser’s address bar when you access the page.
Back to Top