http://www.queens.ac.uk/terms-of-use
Home
What
About
Study
Life at Queen's
People
Library
News
Events
Contact
Search
Queen's VLE
Anglican Open Days
Find Us
This page describes our privacy policy guidelines regarding the collection and use of personal or corporate information that you provide to us. This privacy policy was last updated on April 13, 2011. The Queen’s Foundation may modify the provisions of this privacy policy from time to time. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are aware of any change.
Types of Information We Gather and How We Use It
We respect your privacy. We will not collect any personal information about you without your consent. We may invite you to provide us with personal information in order to provide you with services such as; enquiry response, e-mail newsletters, invitations to events, and information updates. By submitting your personal information on this web site, you consent to such processing and transfers in connection with such services and for any other purposes to which you consent at the time you provide the information.
The Queen's Foundation may keep track of this information and the information that you provide to us when you visit the site for our internal review, business development, research, marketing, and we store this information for the minimal amount of time necessary. We may also use this information to solicit email for business development, research, marketing or promotional purposes. It is our practice to provide you with an opportunity to opt in for email communications and remove yourself from this distribution list by sending us an email to remove. We store this information in our database and do not share it with third parties, except as described in this policy. At any time you can remove your name and related information from our database, and we will provide you a choice to opt-out if you don't want your information used for any purpose or a particular purpose. You can review and update your information by contacting us at enquire@queens.ac.uk.Cookies
The Queen's Foundation may collect other types of anonymous data from website users through the use of "cookies," which are text files that a website places on the hard drive of your computer that identifies you as a user. When you return to the website, your browser sends that information back to the site. The Queen's Foundation may use the information provided by cookies to analyse trends, administer the site, or for research and marketing purposes to help us better serve our clients. No personally identifying information from you will be collected as part of these cookies. You can set your browser to notify you before your receive a cookie, giving you a chance to accept it and you can set your browser to turn off cookies.
Links
The Queen's Foundation website contains links to other websites belonging to other sites of interest to our users. The Queen's Foundation does not control the privacy practices of these other sites. You should make sure that you know when you have left our website and, if the website you visit collects personal information, that you have read that site's privacy policy.
Security
The Queen's Foundation protects your personal information with several security measures. In addition to normal precautions such as physical security and firewalls, we have strict internal security policies.
Information sharing and disclosure
The Queen's Foundation does not provide information about you, except as set forth herein: We will provide the information collected in the event we are required to provide such information by a court, administrative or governmental order or subpoena or other legal process. If we believe it is necessary to share your information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of The Queen's Foundation's Terms & Conditions or as otherwise required by law we will provide the information collected.
Privacy Complaints
If have any questions regarding this policy, believe that The Queen's Foundation has not complied with the provisions of this privacy policy or you wish to remove your personal data from our records, please email us at enquire@queens.ac.uk
General
These are our current privacy policy guidelines that can be modified at any time by The Queen's Foundation. This is not a contract.