http://www.psycom.net/editorial-policy-and-guidelines/
(Photo: Unsplash)
Welcome to Psycom.net! We’re a website with a long history entirely focused on mental health.
Founded in 1996 by Ivan K. Goldberg, MD, a highly-regarded psychiatrist, and clinical psychopharmacologist. Dr. Goldberg, now deceased, had a private practice in New York City for 50 years where he specialized in treating people seeking relief after many failed attempts through medication and different therapies. He also served on the staff of the National Institute of Mental Health and in the departments of psychiatry at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center and Columbia University’s College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Dr. Goldberg devoted much of his time to evaluating and providing advanced and innovative treatments for individuals with treatment-resistant depression or bipolar disorder. One of his most enduring accomplishments was the development of The Goldberg Depression Test, a self-administered screening test that can still be found on the site today. This screening test is one of many used by people just like you who are trying to understand why they feel so bad.
Editorial Content: Review and Fact-Checking
Editorial content is generated by veteran health writers, therapists, clinicians, and people struggling with mental health challenges. Ann Gault is the current editor of Psycom. It is updated regularly and reviewed for quality and accuracy by members of the Psycom Editorial Advisory Board. All content is fact-checked and required to meet the following standards:
Clear: Is written in a manner that is appropriate for the audience
Current: Presents information that is up-to-date, including current research, news, and recent developments in the field
Relevant: Addresses prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and/or lifestyle information for mental health disorders
Objective: Presents a balanced view of an issue, when one or more alternative views exist. If an author is strongly associated with a particular viewpoint, a comment from an Editorial Board member is added to provide balance. The author’s financial disclosures and any potential conflicts of interest are noted on each author page.
Trustworthy: Is reviewed by one or more Editorial Advisory Board members and/or mental health professionals
If you are a clinician looking for information to help improve your practice or if you’d like to contribute content of interest to other mental health professionals, visit PsycomPro.
Content from People Living with Mental Health Conditions
Some of our content is generated by people who want to help others by sharing their stories of struggle and hope. They are written in the first person and fact-checked for accuracy but not reviewed by our board of advisors.
The Best Way to Be Informed
Want to stay connected with Psycom? Sign up for our twice-monthly eNewsletter here (Don’t worry, we won’t waste your time with uninteresting articles!)
Please follow us on our growing Instagram account —11,000 followers and growing! Here connect with other people like you and share your story or favorite quote in our #storiesnotstigma campaign. We’re on Facebook, too!
So, help us break the stigma of mental illness—share your story or give us some feedback. Psycom knows that living with mental illness is tough. We hope you’ll find some reassurance, insight, and helpful on the website and our social media platforms.
Content Standards And Best Practices
Content Limitations
The content on the site is for educational purposes only. The site does not present medical advice and should never interfere with the patient and physician relationship. Visitors should consult with their physician on all matters pertaining to their medical condition.
Content Privacy
Extensive efforts are made to ensure that content on the site protects patient privacy.  You can read the full Privacy Policy here.
We’re Transparent About Our Advertising & Other Affiliations
Psycom.net accepts advertising (hey, it helps keep the lights on) but we maintain strict separation between editorial content creation and the ads that support our business overall. Our editors and writers create the best stories for our readers—period. Any editorial content that is, in fact, directly sponsored by one of our clients is clearly labeled “sponsored.” You can check out our full advertising policy here.
Content and FDA Labeling Limitations
Psycom does not endorse, promote, or encourage the use of medical devices or medications in a manner that has not been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Appearance of an advertisement on a specific page does not indicate that Psycom or the advertiser is promoting the use of a product for a non-approved use.
Update Frequency
Psycom works to ensure that the site’s content is of high quality. To this end, the team monitors ads and content daily.
Patient Article Submissions
If you’re a mental health professional and interested in submitting a patient-focused article, please contact the editor, Ann Gault,  In your email, give a brief summary of your article idea(s) and some basic information about yourself. Ann will contact you within 5 to 10 business days.
Last updated October 22, 2020
Last Updated: Oct 23, 2020
About UsPsycom Editorial Policy and GuidelinesThe Late Ivan Goldberg, MD
Signup for our FREE eNewsletterSUBSCRIBE
Sign up for our newsletter, and get this free sanity-saving guide to life in the time of corona.
Sign Up
×
Depression Overview
Suicide Warning Signs
Major Depression
Teens Depression
Postpartum Depression (PPD)
Depression Quiz
All Depression Articles
Bipolar Disorder Overview
Bipolar Disorder Treatment
Bipolar Disorder in Teens
Bipolar Disorder Medications
Bipolar Q & A
Bipolar Disorder Quiz
All Bipolar Disorder Articles
Schizophrenia Overview
Schizophrenia Symptoms & Diagnosis
5 Schizophrenia Subtypes
Paranoid Schizophrenia
Schizoaffective Disorder
Schizophrenia Quiz
All Schizophrenia Articles
Eating Disorders Overview
Anorexia Nervosa
Binge Eating Disorder
Body Dysmorphic Disorder
Bulimia Nervosa
Bulimia Quiz
All Eating Disorders Articles
Mental Health and Wellbeing
5 Things You Need to Stop Telling Yourself if You Want to Improve Your Mental Health
Finding a Mental Health Support Group
The Mindfulness Guide for People Too Busy to Meditate
Top 25 Mental Health Apps
How to Improve Sleep: 5 Ways to Find a Sleep Strategy That Works
All Mental Health and Wellbeing Articles
ADHD Overview
ADHD in Children
ADHD & Teens
ADHD in the Workplace
ADHD and Relationships
ADHD Quiz
All ADHD Articles
Anxiety Overview
ADHD & Anxiety in Children
Depression and Anxiety
Work Anxiety: 10 Tips to Manage Anxiety at Work
Anxiety Quiz
All Anxiety Articles
Drug & Alcohol Addiction Overview
Binge Drinking
Prescription Drug Abuse
What You Need To Know About Cocaine and Crack
Creating a Drug Free Workplace
Internet Addiction Disorder
All Addiction Articles
PTSD Overview
PTSD in Children and Adolescents
PTSD Quiz
All PTSD Articles
About Us
Psycom Editorial Policy and Guidelines
The Legacy of Dr. Ivan Goldberg
Remedy Health Corporate Site
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us / Advertising Opportunities