http://www.sonoma.com/privacy/
×
COVET PASS
40 + Tastings. 365 Days
Give a Covet Pass Gift
EXPERIENCES
Reserve Your Experience
PLAN & BOOK
Lodging
Lodging Deals
Work From WineCountry
Wineries
Spas
Things To Do
Restaurants
Events Calendar
EXPLORE
Sonoma County Regions
Northern
Central
Southern
Coastal
Shop
Blog
Guides
Sonoma County Weather
Maps
FOR GROUPS
Weddings
Corporate/Group
Transportation
ABOUT US
About
Contact
Advertise
Get The Newsletter
Home
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: October 18, 2019
Welcome.
Welcome to the WineCountry. WineCountry Media, LLC provides website content, features and other products and services when you visit or shop at our websites (including any related or successor websites) or through our mobile application.
We respect your privacy and realize that trust is the foundation of our relationship with you. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we collect about you through your use of the Platform and how it is used.
By using the Platform, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. By accessing and using our Platform (including providing information through the Platform), you expressly consent to WCM and our service providers collecting, using and disclosing your Personal Information (as defined below) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with your personal information or otherwise use or interact with the Platform.
Defined Terms.
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we’ll refer to WineCountry Media, LLC as “WCM,” “we”, “us” or “our”; the websites described above as the “Websites”; and the Websites together with our mobile application as the “Platform”. We’ll refer to this privacy policy as the “Privacy Policy”. We use some capitalized words in this Privacy Policy that are not defined in this Privacy Policy – those terms are defined in the Terms of Service and have the same meanings when used in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
WCM may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The date at top of this Privacy Policy indicates the last date upon which the Privacy Policy was modified. We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do so, we will update the last revised date shown at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Cookies.
What are cookies? Cookies are small files that the Platform puts on your computer, which collect information that help us refine our Platform based on user preferences, make certain features of the Platform available to you and to help us track your use of the Platform. For further information about cookies, please see allaboutcookies.org.
What types of cookies do we use? At present, the only cookie used by the Platform is a third-party tool called “Google Analytics,” which helps us collect information about the Platform and how users engage with it, such as (a) how often you and other users visit the Platform, (b) what portions of the Platform you and other users access, and (c) the other sites that you and other users have visited before coming to the Platform. Google Analytics provides us with aggregated information about our users, rather than individual information about you. Google Analytics places a cookie on your computer to identify you to Google the next time you visit the Platform, but the cookie can only be used by Google. Information about Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Platform is described on the Google website, including in the Google Analytics Terms of Use.
How can I manage cookies? By changing the preferences or options of your web browser, you can instruct it to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your permission before placing a cookie on your computer, or block all cookies from being placed on your computer. However, please note that if you block cookies from the Platform, you may not be able to use all of the functionality that we make available on this Platform.
Children: Our Platform is intended for users over the age of 18 and is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we discover that we have collected personal information (as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) from children under 13 years of age, or personal data (as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union) of children under the age of 16, we will use reasonable efforts to promptly delete such.
“Do Not Track” Signals: Certain web browsers have “Do Not Track” or similar settings, which allow you to tell the websites you visit that you do not want your activities on such websites tracked. Currently, the Platform does not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar settings, so your activities on the Platform may be tracked regardless of your browser settings.
What personal data do we collect? The categories of personal data (“Personal Data“) we collect on and through the Platform vary depending on your level of interaction with the Platform, specifically:
When you visit the platform: When you visit and browse the pages on our Platform, the Google Analytics tool (described above) collects information about you, as described above and on the Google website. We use this information to see how you and other users engage with our Platform (e.g., how many unique users have visited the Platform, what websites they’ve visited, and how long they’ve stayed).
Subscribing to Our Newsletter: When you subscribe to our newsletter, which provides information regarding our current offerings, promotions and upcoming items of interest, we collect your email address. We use this information to fulfill your newsletter subscription request.
Registering for an Account: When you register for an account on the Site, we also collect your email address. We use this information to be able to provide you with the account.
Social Media Features: If you use the social media features we include within the Platform, such as Facebook “like” buttons and certain widgets, such as a “share” button, such features may set a cookie, collect your IP address, or use other identifiers to enable them. Your use of these features is done under the privacy policy of the company providing them, such as Google or Facebook.
Making a Purchase of a Product, Reserving an Experience, or Purchasing a Covet Pass.
Product Purchase or Reserving Experience. When you purchase a product through the Platform (other than a purchase of an Experience or the Covet Pass) or reserve an Experience through the Platform, the following data is collected from you by our third-party payment processor (see below):
Your full name;
Your mailing address;
Your email address;
Your telephone number;
Your credit card information (e.g., type of credit card, credit card number, name, expiration date, and CVV or similar code, as needed); and
Your billing address.
We do not see any of this information until after a purchase is made, which is when our payment processor shares with us the information described in items #1-4 above, plus the type of credit card you have used (we do not see your other credit card information, nor your billing address).
Covet Pass Purchase. When you sign up for Covet Pass through the Platform, we collect the following personal data:
Your full name;
Your birthday;
Your email address;
Your mailing address;
Your phone number (if you choose to provide it to us);
Your credit card information; and
Your billing address.
We see all of this information except for item #6, which is provided directly to our payment processor.
How will we use your personal data? We will use the personal data we collect as follows:
To Process Your Transactions: We use and share the personal data you give us to process the purchases of products and experiences that you’ve ordered, and to provide those products and experiences to you. For instance, if you purchase a Covet Pass, we may share your personal data to confirm that you are eligible to redeem a tasting at a given winery.
To Update You About Us: We use the personal data you provide to us to let you know about what we’re doing and to inform you of opportunities that may be available to you. For instance, if you provide your email address to us, we may send email to you at that address. We may also provide that email address to our third-party vendors that help us with email correspondence, for the purpose of helping us send such email to you. If you click on a link in an email we send, we may elect to redirect you to a third-party vendor’s servers to register the link, and your clicking on the link may indicate to a third-party vendor and/or to us that you have clicked the link to visit the linked website.
To Understand Our Customers: We use the data we collect, in aggregated form, to understand the demographics of our customer base For Covet Pass, we and the wineries at which you may have redeemed a tasting may share your name with one another to confirm (a) your Covet Pass validity and (b) whether any wine was purchased in connection with such tasting.
To Improve Your Experience: We also use the personal data we collect to improve the Services, to administer your use of t he Services (including your account, if you have registered for one), to provide you with more relevant and desirable experiences, to provide information and recommendations to you regarding the Platform and Services, and to enable you to easily browse, offer (as applicable), and purchase experiences.
Third Parties: We do not sell or rent your personal data to any third parties, such as marketers.We do, however, share your personal data with third parties that we trust that provide services to us with respect to the Platform and Services, such as payment processors, credit bureaus, banks, verification services, companies that store our data on our behalf (e.g., on servers in data centers managed by a third parties), and other companies that provide services to us. We also provide your personal data to the Suppliers who offer Experiences to you through the Platform, as further described in the Terms of Service. We require that these third parties use and disclose your personal data only to the extent necessary to provide the services we have engaged them to provide. We require that, whether due to restrictions imposed by applicable law, participation in a common framework (e.g., PrivacyShield) or our contractual relationships, these third parties implement and maintain appropriate security measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information about you through the Platform and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. For example, the Platform uses the Pixel service provided by Facebook, which permits us to track the actions users take after following links to the Platform. Although we see only aggregate statistical information about you, individually identifiable information is sent to, processed by, and saved by Facebook as part of such service. You may opt out of the collection and use for ad targeting of data generated by Pixel and other similar tools by visiting sites such ashttp://www.aboutads.info/choicesandhttp://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ and using the processes permitted on such sites to opt out of ad targeting.
Exceptions: In addition to the above, in certain circumstances, we may use and disclose the information we collect for the following purposes:
To respond to your requests to us for information;
To provide the Platform and Services to you, including to process, bill, and (if applicable) ship any of your purchases;
To comply with applicable law, court order, subpoena, or other legal process;
To help WCM, our affiliates, and suppliers to establish or exercise legal rights or defend against legal claims;
To respond to any claim that any part of the Platform or Services violates the rights of third parties;
To investigate, prevent, or take action with regard to illegal activity, suspected fraud, potential threat to the physical safety of any individual, violations of the Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law;
To investigate or take action with respect to any circumstance that could expose WCM or its affiliates to liability;
To otherwise protect the rights of WCM, its affiliates, its users, and the public; and
If WCM or any of its affiliates undergoes a sale, merger, reorganization, or other change of control, in which case we may release your information to the other company.
How do we store your data? We securely store your data at various sites worldwide, including in jurisdictions that do not have equivalent laws in place to protect your personal data. However, in all events, we take precautions to be sure that your personal data is kept securely and is only used for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including through contractual provisions with the applicable suppliers. If you are concerned about our use of third-party suppliers to process personal data or if you would like any further information about any of these suppliers, please contact us (see below). We use reasonable and industry-standard security measures to protect your personal data. However, as stated in our Terms of Service, please note that no method of transmitting or storing information is completely secure from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. As such, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information you provide to us.
How long do we keep your personal data? We will store the personal data we collect from you for so long as we have a legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to complete transactions for you, to comply with applicable legal, tax, accounting or other regulatory requirements, or as may be needed with respect to pending litigation). After such time as we no longer have such business need, we will anonymize it or delete it from our systems. If you have any questions regarding our retention of your personal data, please contact us using the contact information noted below.
Marketing: We would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like. If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date. You have the right at any time to stop WCM from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact us at the email address below.
What are your data protection rights? We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access: You have the right to request that we provide copies of your personal data to you. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification: If you believe that any personal data we have is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to request that we correct such personal data.
The right to erasure: You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing: You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing: You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability: You have the right to request that we transfer your personal data to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you would like to make any of the above requests, please contact us at the email address below. We will endeavor to respond to you within one month of your request.
Privacy policies of other websites: This Privacy Policy only covers our Platform, and not any other websites (such as social media sites). If you click a link on the Platform to navigate to another website, or otherwise visit another website, please be sure to read carefully the privacy policy for that website. We do not exercise control over any such third-party sites and therefore cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any website other than this Platform.
How to contact us: If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, the personal data we hold on you, of if you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please contact us via email at info@winecountry.com. Please note that inquiries regarding any other topics, such as technical support requests, will not receive a response through this process.
How to contact the appropriate authorities: If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) and believe your personal data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may contact your local supervisory authority or the Information Commissioner’s Office.