http://www.biblesociety.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Our website uses cookies to improve your online experience. Accept | Find out more
Donate now Basket Login/Register Search
About usWhat we’re doingGet involvedExplore the BibleLatestShop
Main navigation
Donate About usWhat we’re doingGet involvedExplore the BibleLatestShop
Toggle navigation
Shopping basket
Profile area
Search
Terms and conditions Terms and Conditions Bible Society CharityBible Society is a charity registered as The British and Foreign Bible Society. The charity registration number is 232759 and our registered address is Stonehill Green, Westlea, Swindon SN5 7DG.Access to and use of our website (http://www.biblesociety.org.uk/) and any related websites within the domain of www.biblesociety.org.uk is provided by Bible Society and is subject to the following terms:Applicable terms and conditionsOur website is owned by Bible Society and any use of the website (including registrations and donations made via the website) are subject to these terms and conditions. Bible Society reserves the right to modify or revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating the text on this page.Use of our websiteYou may view any non-password protected areas of the website and use them for your own reference only. You agree to use the website only for lawful purposes and in a manner which does not infringe the rights or restrict, or inhibit, the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party.Orders for free resourcesPlease be aware that orders for free resources will be limited to one per address.Copyright and trade marksAll our material, including that on our website, is protected by UK and international copyright laws. This includes, but is not limited to graphics, logos, images, icons, text and software and is the property of Bible Society or its content providers. Unauthorised use of our material is prohibited, including reproduction, storage, modification, distribution or republication, and may not be used without prior written consent of Bible Society, or where applicable, the respective copyright owner(s).DisclaimerOur website is intended to provide general information only and should not be considered as a substitute for advice covering any specific situation. Bible Society accepts no responsibility for the content of external internet sites that we have links to and that are owned and operated by third parties.Target audienceThe website is intended for use by UK residents and only in relation to their activities within the UK. It may not be suitable for use outside the UK.Warranty and indemnityThe user warrants to Bible Society that they will only use the website according to the terms and conditions herein.The website is provided without any representations or any form of warranty (whether made expressly or implied by law), including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fit for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.Bible Society does not warrant that functions contained in the website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the website or the server that makes it available on the internet are virus-free.Limitation of liabilityBible Society will not be liable for any damages, including indirect or consequential damages, or any damages arising from the use or loss of use of the website, or the loss of data or profits, whether in contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising from or in connection with the use of the website.Privacy and data protectionRead our Privacy Policy in full.Direct Debit GuaranteeBible Society adheres strictly to the Direct Debit Guarantee (see below for details). To set up a Direct Debit, please contact us (see below for details) or visit this web page www.biblesociety.org.uk/directdebitGift AidGift Aid enables Bible Society to reclaim tax on all donations from UK taxpayers. If you Gift Aid your donation, we will receive an additional 25p for every £1 you give, at no extra cost to you. Please see Gift Aid notes below.To find out more about joining our Gift Aid scheme, please contact us (see below for details) or visit this web page www.biblesociety.org.uk/giftaidJurisdictionThese terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.How to contact usTo notify us of a change to your name, address or email details, please email contactus@biblesociety.org.uk, or write to us at the address below, or telephone us on 01793 418222. Please keep us informed of changes so we can stay in touch.To make a donation, you can call us on 01793 418222 or visit www.biblesociety.org.uk/support-usIf you have a query about Bible Society’s privacy policy or terms and conditions, please email dataprotection@biblesociety.org.uk.Bible Society, Stonehill Green, Westlea, Swindon, SN5 7DG. Charity Registration No. 232759. Telephone: 01793 418100 Fax: 01793 418118The Direct Debit GuaranteeThis Guarantee is offered by all banks and building societies that accept instructions to pay Direct Debits.If there are any changes to the amount, date or frequency of your Direct Debit The British and Foreign Bible Society will notify you 10 working days in advance of your account being debited or as otherwise agreed. If you request The British and Foreign Bible Society to collect a payment, confirmation of the amount and date will be given to you at the time of the requestIf an error is made in the payment of your Direct Debit by The British and Foreign Bible Society or your bank or building society you are entitled to a full and immediate refund of the amount paid from your bank or building societyIf you receive a refund you are not entitled to, you must pay it back when The British and Foreign Bible Society asks you toYou can cancel a Direct Debit at any time by simply contacting your bank or building society. Written confirmation may be required. Please also notify us.Gift Aid notesYou may cancel the declaration at any time by notifying Bible SocietyPlease notify Bible Society if you change your address while the declaration is still in force.You must pay an amount of income tax and/or capital gains tax for each tax year (6 April to 5 April) that is at least equal to the amount of tax that all charities or Community Amateur Sports Clubs (CASCs) that you donate to, will reclaim on your gifts for that tax year. Other taxes such as VAT and Council Tax do not qualify.If in the future your circumstances change and you can no longer pay tax on your income and capital gains, at least equal to the tax that Bible Society reclaims, please cancel your declaration.If you pay tax at the higher rate you can claim further tax relief in your Self Assessment tax return.If you are unsure whether your donations qualify for Gift Aid tax relief please contact your local tax office for advice.Bible Society can claim Gift Aid tax relief of 25p for every £1 you give. Terms and Conditions of gifts to CharityGeneral principlesUnless otherwise stated, any gift aid will adopt the same restrictions as the underlying gift.  (The gift aid will follow the gift.)Gifts received for appealsGifts received in conjunction with the Society’s fundraising appeals will be applied to the appeal for which funds have been given. Where appeals are over subscribed, an alternative use for these funds will be stated on the appeal literature, and the funds will be applied for this purpose.Text Donations received Bible Society (registered charity number 232759) will receive 100% of your donation. You will be charged for one standard text message plus your donation. Always get the bill payers permission.  By texting us you are also telling us you want to receive updates from us about the campaign. If you want to donate, but don’t want Bible Society to contact you by text in future, add the words NO INFO (e.g. [KEYWORD] NO INFO) when texting your donation.Text service provider Vir2 Mobile’s helpline 0330 660 0425.Highly restricted fundsWhere gifts are received with high levels of restrictions (e.g. Bibles in Welsh & Spanish for the Patagonian community in South America), if the restrictions of the gift are in line with something on the Society’s agreed programme list, the gifts will be given in its entirety for the purpose for which it was given.Where the programme is outside of the Society’s agreed programme, the Society reserves the right to deduct a 10% administration charge to cover the costs of arranging the programme.Where the Society is unable to fulfil the restrictions placed on the gift, it will contact the donor to see whether an alternative use for the gift can be agreed.  Where no alternative use can be agreed, the gift will be returned to the donor.Timescales of applying a giftIn general, the Society aims to ensure that all gifts are put to the purpose for which they were given within a timescale of one year.Back-filling income for closed appealsWhere gifts are received after appeals or programmes have been completed, the following sequence of events will be applied. If we have future appeals or projects planned which will satisfy the restrictions of the gift, within a six month timeframe, the Society will apply the funds to the future programme. If no future projects are planned, the Society will review previous projects which have been conducted.  Where these have been closed within the last 18 months, and general funds had been applied to ensure that the programme could commence, the Society will use the funds to back-fill the closed project, freeing up general funds for the Society’s future work.Terms and conditions for Bible Society Shop - Sale Contract:About UsOur online shop brings you great offers on a wide range of Bibles, books, DVDs and other resources to help you bring the Bible to life for you and your church.Navigating the shop websiteIf you’re searching for a particular product, the easiest way to find it is to use the search function at the top right of the page. Alternatively, if you are looking to browse a product selection, then select the category from the shop home page (e.g. Bibles) to see products that fall into that category. To further narrow your results, use the filter at the top of the page.Delivery informationClick here to view information about delivery.Using 'My Account'If you have an account with us, you can log-in by clicking on the icon at the top of the page. From here you can change your contact preferences and view your order history.If you have forgotten your password, you can reset your password on the log-in screen.Promotional codesYou may only use one promotional code per basket.Bulk-buy discountsYou can claim a bulk buy discount on some products in the shop. To do this, simply add the appropriate number of items to your basket and enter the promotional code ‘BULK’ at the checkout. Please note that the bulk buy discount will count as the one code allowed in your basket and may not be “stacked” with other codes, however different products with the same “BULK” discount will be counted in the same basket with the appropriate discount per ISBN.Terms and ConditionsContract: Terms and conditionsa) When you place an order for any material or product (in this agreement 'resources') by submitting a completed order form on the website your contract with us will commence when we, Bible Society Resources Ltd (BSRL), confirm acceptance of your order by automatic email and by letter ('Contract'). We agree, that we will supply the resources listed on the said order, through our agents Marston Book Services (for paid-for items) and ADM (for subsidised products).b) These Terms and Conditions shall govern the Contract to the exclusion of any other Terms and Conditions.c) Variations to these Terms and Conditions may from time to time be made available on the website and we reserve the right to update our terms at any time.OrderingPlease note: that we are unable to fulfil any orders to a PO box (or international equivalent) and a valid street address must be used. Orders sent in listing delivery to a PO box will be cancelled by us and the order value refunded to you. We will try our best to contact you by email or phone to re-submit your order with an alternative address but make no guarantees to do so.In submitting an order you acknowledge that:a) All information and specifications relating to the resources produced by any publisher represented on the website are approximate and BSRL is not responsible for the accuracy of content provided. Covers may vary from those displayed on the website because of monitor and printer capabilities and last minute changes made by publishers.b) BSRL may make any changes to the specification of the resources to conform to any statutory or European requirements.Payment will be taken at the point of an order being placed.Pre-orderOccasionally, we will offer some resources on a “pre-order” basis before we are able to fulfil the order. Resources offered in this way will show an expected or general date for availability, but we make no guarantees that the resources will become available at that exact date. If for any reason, we are unable to fulfil the order on or around the time of expected release (EG: In the event of stock loss) and are unable to fulfil the order in a reasonable time frame thereafter we will refund you the full amount.Payment will be taken at the point of placing an order, whether the item is available immediately, or whether a pre-order is being placed. You may cancel your order any time up until confirmation and then may follow the regular returns policy thereafter. Please note that in some cases, if the time between your pre-order being placed and decision to cancel or return your order has been longer than 90 days, we may have to refund your order via cheque.Refunds and returnsWe are committed to providing you with a fast a service as possible, while you may cancel your order up until it is confirmed by our agents, unfortunately we are unable to cancel an order after this time. We do all we can to make sure you get your order on time and in good shape. Once it has been delivered, you have a 14-day cooling off period, during which you may return it for any reason (including incorrect or damaged items, or changing your mind). If you wish to return the item(s), please include the delivery documentation and a covering note. We will then refund your money.If your order does not arrive on time within five weeks and we cannot agree a new reasonable delivery time, you can cancel the order and receive a full refund. This also applies to pre-orders. The usual delivery times for standard orders is within two working days from dispatch, which may be up to five working days so please allow at least seven (7) working days for delivery, exceptions being during times with high demand or exceptional circumstances (such as Christmas, Easter and other holidays). You will receive an email notification when your item is dispatched which at busy times can be up to five days after your order is placed. If your order is urgent then please contact Supporter Service via contactus@biblesociety.org.uk or call us on 01793 418222. Risk in title passes to our nominated couriers once out for delivery and then to you once your order has been delivered.Once your item has been delivered, if your item is faulty, or damaged, you have 30 days from the date of delivery in which you may request to return your item(s) and receive a full refund.After 30 days, you may request to return your item(s), but it will be at Bible Society’s discretion on whether to give a full, partial or no refund.All refunds include initial postage and packaging, however you will have to pay yourself to return the item to Marston as we do not currently offer pre-paid returns. None of the above will affect any of your statutory rights.
Paid-for items – despatched by Marston
Please return the item(s) within 14 days along with the delivery documentation and a covering note. We will then refund your money within a reasonable time or arrange to replace any missing or damaged goods. Please email contactus@biblesociety.org.uk, quoting your order number or call 01793 418222.To return your goods please post back to:Marston Book Services LtdUnit 160,  Eastern Avenue Milton ParkAbingdonOxonOX14 4SB
Subsidised items – despatched by ADM [ISBN prefix Bib]
To discuss any problems with your order:Call us on 01793 418222Email contactus@biblesociety.org.ukWrite to us at      Bible SocietyTrinity Business CentreStonehill GreenWestleaSwindonSN5 7DG
Charity Gifts
Charity gifts promotion - Donation as a gift:We are offering a selection of 10 charity gifts to help bring the Bible’s message to people around the world. These gifts will be a donation in the receiver’s name and help to support an area of our work as outlined in the gift description.Since these items are a donation to a particular cause, we are unfortunately unable to offer a refund on these items:Charity Gift: The Bible behind barsEmail version (charity-gift-000570)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000570-c)Charity Gift: Sunday schools in SyriaEmail version (charity-gift-000566)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000566-c)Charity Gift: Hope for refugeesEmail version (charity-gift-000562)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000562-c)Charity Gift: Life skills for womenEmail version (charity-gift-000558)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000558-c)Charity Gift: Bibles for ChinaEmail version (charity-gift-000554)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000554-c)Charity Gift: A children’s BibleEmail version (charity-gift-000550)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000550-c)Charity Gift: Supporting a Bible leaderEmail version (charity-gift-000546)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000546-c)Charity Gift: Healing for trauma victimsEmail version (charity-gift-000542)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000542-c)Charity Gift: Sponsoring a translatorEmail version (charity-gift-000538)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000538-c)Charity Gift: Storytelling in schoolsEmail version (charity-gift-000533)Personalised card version (charity-gift-000533-c)
Purchasing ticketsTickets you purchase are for personal use. Except as we may agree, you and your party must not re-sell or transfer (or seek to re-sell or transfer) the tickets, as this is in breach of the applicable terms. A breach of this condition will entitle Bible Society or the Promoter to cancel the tickets without prior notification, refund, compensation or liability.In addition to the ticket price your order may require payment of a booking fee per ticket, a transaction fees per order and/or other supplementary fees which may apply to the event. Those fees are not refundable.If you order or buy more tickets than the maximum permitted per person, per card or per household, we may cancel all of the order or tickets, in which case you will be refunded the ticket price and any booking, transaction or supplementary fees you have paid.To prevent fraud and protect Bible Society and you, we may carry out checks and/or you may be asked to provide additional information (such as a copy of a credit or debit card statement) after your booking so we can verify your purchase. If we suspect fraud we may cancel any order or tickets.You must inform Bible Society of any change of address, contact phone number or email address, both before and after receipt of the tickets. Our contact details are below. Our preferred method to contact you is email, so you should take care to provide a current, valid email address and be aware that your email filter settings may treat our emails as spam or direct them to your junk folder.An order for tickets is not complete until accepted by us. We try to ensure all prices are accurate but errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of tickets you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and we may either cancel the order (in which case you will be refunded the ticket price and any booking, transaction or supplementary fees you have paid) or give you the option of confirming your order at the correct price.If we allocate specific seats to you, we reserve the right to change these seats to others of equal value.On rare occasions the show or event may be filmed or recorded. Bible Society will exert reasonable efforts to advertise events such as these as being filmed or recorded. Buying a ticket affirms your consent to the filming and sound recording of yourself as a member of the audience (and if you are parent or guardian buying on behalf of a child under your care, you indicate your consent for the child). If you have any objection you may cancel your order for a full refund at any time. In the event that a show or event is not advertised as such and you attend such a show or event, please contact a member of the Theatre or Venue Management. In any event, you may withdraw your consent at any time, unless we have a legitimate interest in keeping such sound or video recording. To withdraw your consent for filming after an event, please contact us on 01793 418 222. For our events we will offer tickets to ensure attendance. For free events, please order the tickets normally through the website, although if you do change your mind please cancel your order as we can then offer the space for someone else.You may cancel your ticket order at any time up until the event is due to take place for a refund. If we have to cancel the event for any reason, we will contact you to either refund the amount or if we can reschedule the event, offer you replacement tickets. However, we cannot offer a refund on any tickets after an event has taken place for any reason other than if we or the Theatre or Venue Management cancel the event.If you have not received your tickets email or mislaid it, you can login and find a copy in your 'My Account' area here.To discuss any problems with your order:Call us on 01793 418222Email contactus@biblesociety.org.ukYou can write to us at:Supporter CareBible SocietyTrinity Business CentreStonehill GreenWestleaSwindonSN5 7DGAll ResourcesPlease be aware that we do not operate a “sale or return” policy on any Resources (including anything shipped by our agents, or directly supplied by us). We would encourage you to buy the appropriate amount for your event, trip or other activity as no refunds will be offered on this basis under any circumstances.A bit of small print: Any refund made to your credit or debit card shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant issuing bank and therefore be subject to any time delay as specified by the issuing bank. We will not be liable for any delay that is outside our control. A correct cardholder name and address must be supplied at the time of ordering where it is different from your name and address.Digital downloads ordered from the Bible Society shop are not returnable. Therefore Bible Society has an ‘no refund’ policy for all digital download products purchased directly through Bible Society, unless we can confirm that the files are corrupted from our server or files are not compatible with your device and we are unable to provide a compatible version.Product DescriptionWe attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, BSRL does not warrant that descriptions of resources or other content of this website are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. Your remedy, should resources be other than described on the website, is to return the resources in an unused state.Pricing Policya) The price of the resources shall be the price as quoted on the website on the date the order was placed, subject to any inadvertent pricing errors (whether technical or otherwise) by BSRL.b) The price of the resources will be subject to a post and packing rate as shown on the order form page of the site, with the exception of items requiring a donation which do not incur post and packing rates.c) The price of the resources does not include the cost of delivery to destinations outside of the United Kingdom. For such orders, you will pay the delivery charges as quoted on the website on the day of purchase. Please note that items requiring a donation are not shippable outside of the UK.d) The price of the resources includes any applicable Value Added Tax, which you shall be liable to pay.e) A price discount applies to selected products when purchased in bulk. The discount and quantity break applicable is stated on the product description for the selected titles only.f) Products requiring a donation do not have pricing applied. These products have a set minimum donation applied which may vary depending on quantity. Any further donation is optional.Credit Cardsa) Credit and debit cards accepted by BSRL are listed on the website.b) All payments by credit or debit cards will be taken prior to dispatch of the resources. Any fraudulent use of credit or debit cards will be notified to the authorities along with any identification details that were supplied with the order.Right of Cancellation
Paid-for items – despatched by Marston
You have the right to cancel your order: Any time before it is confirmed by our agents. 14 days once delivered, for any reason 30 days once delivered, if faulty or damaged If it has not been delivered within 30 days from despatch and we cannot arrange another reasonable time.
Subsidised items – despatched by ADM [ISBN prefix Bib]
To withdraw from the contract and receive a refund for your payment, please contact us using the following details:Bible SocietyTrinity Business CentreStonehill GreenWestleaSwindonSN5 7DGEmail: contactus@biblesociety.org.ukTel: 01793 418222
Export TermsBSRL will be responsible for complying with any legislation or regulation governing the importation of resources into the country of destination.Withdrawal of ResourcesBSRL may withdraw the sale or distribution of any resources produced for any reason without prior notice, or liability, to you.Access to the WebsiteBSRL grants you the right to use this website for your personal use but not to download or modify it or any part of it except with our prior written consent. This license does not include any resale or commercial use or derivative use of the website or its contents. No part of the site may be used for commercial purposes without the express written consent of Bible Society Resources Ltd or through participation in an affiliate scheme authorised by Bible Society Resources Ltd.Disclaimer and Liabilitya) This website is provided by Bible Society Resources Ltd on an ‘as is’ basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information content materials or products included on this site. You agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.b) To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Bible Society Resources Ltd disclaims all warranties express or implied including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.c) Bible Society Resources Ltd does not warrant that this website, its servers or emails sent from our agents (including Marston Book Services) are free from viruses or other harmful components.d) Bible Society Resources Ltd will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this website including but not limited to damages for consequential loss.e) These exclusions of liability will not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Bible Society Resources Ltd or any of its employees or agents.Applicable LawThe Contract and these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to English law and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.Our AddressBible Society Resources LtdTrinity Business CentreStonehill GreenWestleaSwindonSN5 7DGEmail: contactus@bibleresources.org.ukLast updated 2019.
Didn’t find what you were looking for? Search the site Get in touch
Newsletter sign-up Get the latest on how we’re bringing the Bible to life around the world in a short, weekly email.
Sign up Email preferences
Our free apps Find out more Let’s get social
Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
Jobs See all vacancies Legal stuff © Copyright and permissions Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms and conditions Safeguarding summary Pension Scheme
Bringing the Bible to Life
British and Foreign Bible Society operates in England, Wales, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.And we also work with a network of local Bible Societies around the world. Find your closest Bible Society here Bible Society, Stonehill Green, Westlea, Swindon, SN5 7DG. Registered charity 232759
Search the site Get in touch
Sign up to newsletter Email preferences
Jobs Our apps © Copyright and permissions Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms and conditions Safeguarding summary Pension Scheme
Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
Bringing the Bible to life
Bible Society, Stonehill Green, Westlea, Swindon, SN5 7DG. Registered charity 232759
Processing, please wait
Read Bible
Open full Bible