https://www.longlevit.com/privacy/
Our Firm
Attorneys
Practices
Lawyers & Judges Blog
Publications
Contact
News
Privacy & Terms of Use
Privacy & Terms of UseThis website was created by Long & Levit LLP and is ©2011 by Long & Levit LLP. All rights are reserved. Permission is granted to view, store, print, reproduce, and distribute any pages within this website provided that (a) none of the pages is modified and (b) this page is included with any distribution.
DISCLAIMERThe materials on this website are provided for informational purposes only, do not constitute legal advice, do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Long & Levit LLP or any of its attorneys or clients, and are not guaranteed to be complete, correct, or up-to-date. This Website is not intended to create an attorney-client relationship between you and Long & Levit LLP. You should not act or rely on information in this Website without seeking the advice of an attorney. We would be pleased to communicate with you concerning legal matters, but we cannot do so until we first know that doing so would not create a conflict of interest. If you are interested in having Long & Levit LLP represent you in a legal mater, the best way to initiate possible representation is to call us at (415) 397-2222. We will arrange to have you go through our conflict of interest procedures and, following that, put you directly in touch with the attorney and practice group best suited to handle the matter. You may also communicate with us by e-mail through the link located in the “Contact Us” section of this website. Please do not send us any confidential information until after you have received from us a written statement that we represent you in that matter (an “engagement letter”). If you communicate with us through this website, by e-mail or otherwise, concerning a legal matter for which we do not already represent you, your communication may not be treated as privileged or confidential. If you communicate with us by e-mail in connection with a matter for which we already represent you, please remember that e-mail may not be secure and you should avoid sending sensitive or confidential e-mail messages unless they are adequately encrypted. In some jurisdictions this website may be considered advertising. The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon written information about our qualifications and experience. Long & Levit LLP has endeavored to comply with all known legal and ethical requirements in compiling this website. Long & Levit LLP does not desire to represent clients based upon their review of any portions of this website that do not comply with legal or ethical requirements. This website may contain links to other resources on the Internet. Those links are provided as citations and aids to help you identify and locate other resources that may be of interest, and are not intended to state or imply that Long & Levit LLP sponsors, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use, any trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the links. To the extent the State Bar Rules in your jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office and/or a single attorney responsible for this website, Long & Levit LLP designates its office in San Francisco, California, USA as its principal office and designates Douglas J. Melton as the attorney responsible for this website.
Our Firm
Overview
History
Rankings & Recognition
Diversity
Recruiting
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Del.icio.us
More
465 California Street 5th Floor San Francisco CA 94104 · T: 415-397- 2222 · F: 415-397- 6392
© 2020 Long & Levit LLP · Privacy & Terms of Use · Site Map
Site by NK Interactive