https://www.fernandeshearn.com/privacy-policy/
A Premier
Toronto Law Firm
serving all of Canada and International clients since 1996.
Search for:
Telephone: 416-203-9500
Home
News
Events
Areas of Practice
Admirality & Marine
Aviation & Air
Corporate & Commercial
Commercial Litigation & ADR
Cross Border
Customs & International Trade
Employment
Energy
Food & Water Safety
Freight Forwarding & Logistics
Insurance
Personal Injury
Product Liability
Railroad
Road Transportation
Technology & Innovation
Transportation Casualty
Warehousing
Professionals
Rui M. Fernandes
M. Gordon Hearn
Kim E. Stoll
Carole McAfee Wallace
Alan Cofman
Oleg M. Roslak
James Manson
Andrea Fernandes
Janice C. Pereira
Mel Fernandes
Firm
Accessibility
After Hours
Careers
Links
Site Map
Staff
Newsletters
Make a Payment
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Fernandes Hearn LLP are committed to maintaining the accuracy, security and privacy of Personal Information in accordance with applicable legislation. This Fernandes Hearn LLP Privacy Policy is a statement of principles and guidelines concerning the protection of Personal Information of our clients, service providers and other individuals (“you”).
Consent
BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO FERNANDES HEARN LLP OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS AND AGENTS, YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND AS PERMITTED OR REQUIRED BY LAW.
Subject to legal and contractual requirements, you may refuse or withdraw your consent to certain of the identified purposes at any time by contacting the Fernandes Hearn LLP Chief Privacy Officer. If you refuse or withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you or continue to provide you with the legal services or information which may be of value to you.
What Personal Information do we collect?
Canadian privacy legislation defines “Personal Information” broadly as information about an identifiable individual or as information that allows an individual to be identified. For the purposes of this policy, Personal Information means information about an identifiable individual as defined from time to time in applicable privacy legislation. Generally speaking Personal Information does not include what is considered business contact information: your name, title or position, business address, telephone number, facsimile number, or e-mail address. The types of Personal Information that Fernandes Hearn LLP may collect about you includes your name, home address, telephone number, personal email address, billing and account information, information about a client’s legal issue and other information incidental to providing legal advice and services (including Personal Information about witnesses, family members, beneficiaries, directors, officers, employees, adverse parties, parties-in-interest, investigators, decision makers, experts, other professional advisors, and our clients’ business partners, investors, shareholders, competitors and customers whom are individuals).
Why do we collect your Personal Information?
In general, Fernandes Hearn LLP collects, uses and discloses Personal Information about our clients and service providers in order to provide our clients with professional legal services. More specifically, we collect, use and disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes:
provide legal services to you, in accordance with your instructions;
bill you for legal services rendered;
provide information to you about developments in the law; and
advise you of upcoming firm events.
for any other purpose to which you consent.
When do we disclose your Personal Information?
From time to time, Fernandes Hearn LLP may disclose your Personal Information:
when we are required our authorized by law to do so, for example if a court issues a subpoena;
when you have consented to the disclosure;
when the legal services we are providing to you require us to give your information to a third party (for example, to a lender in a real estate mortgage transaction) your consent will be implied, unless you tell us otherwise;
where it is necessary to establish or collect fees;
if we engage a third party to provide administrative services to us (like computer back-up services or archival file storage) and the third party is bound by our privacy policy;
if we engage expert witnesses on your behalf;
if we retain other law firms in other jurisdictions, on your behalf; or
if the information is already publicly known.
Where do we store your Personal Information?
Your Personal Information is stored in secured locations and on servers controlled by Fernandes Hearn LLP, located either at our offices or at the offices of our service providers.
How may you obtain access to your Personal Information?
You may ask for access to any personal information we hold about you.
Summary information is available on request. More detailed requests that require archival or other retrieval costs may be subject to our normal professional and disbursement fees.
We may deny access when:
denial of access is required or authorized by law (for example, when a record containing personal information about you is subject to a claim of legal professional privilege by one of our clients);
information relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings against you;
when granting you access would have an unreasonable impact on other people’s privacy;
when to do so would prejudice negotiations with you;
to protect our firm’s rights and property;
where the request is frivolous or vexatious.
Correcting Errors
If Fernandes Hearn LLP holds information about you and if you can establish that it is not accurate, complete and up-to-date, Fernandes Hearn LLP will take reasonable steps to correct it.
Privacy and our Website
Cookies – When an individual visitor accesses the Fernandes Hearn LLP website, we may use a browser feature called a ‘cookie’ to collect information such as the type of Internet browser and operating system the visitor uses, the domain name of the website from which the visitor came, date and duration of the visit, number of visits, average time spent on our website, pages viewed and number of cookies accumulated. A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that identifies the visitor’s browser, but not necessarily the visitor, to our computers each time our website is visited. Unless a visitor specifically informs us (e.g. by registering for an event or sending us correspondence from the website), we will not know who the individual visitors are. In addition to the identified purposes described in our Privacy Policy, we may use this website information and share it with other organizations with whom we have a commercial relationship to measure the use of our website, to improve the functionality and content of the website and to facilitate usage by a visitor. Visitors can reset their browsers either to notify them when they have received a cookie or refuse to accept cookies. However, if a visitor refuses to accept cookies, he or she may not be able to use some of the features available on our website.
E-Mail Communications – Occasionally, we may send marketing or promotional e-mail communications to you with information that may be useful, including information about the services of Fernandes Hearn LLP and other third parties with whom we have a relationship. You may contact us any time if you decide you do not want to receive any future marketing or promotional e-mails from Fernandes Hearn LLP.
Links – Our website may contain links to other websites which are provided as a convenience only. Visitors are advised that other third party websites may have different privacy policies and practices than Fernandes Hearn LLP, and Fernandes Hearn LLP has no responsibility for such third party websites.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Fernandes Hearn LLP reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make a change to this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes on our website and make such revised policy and changes available upon request to the Fernandes Hearn LLP Chief Privacy Officer. However, Fernandes Hearn LLP will obtain the necessary consents required under applicable privacy laws if it seeks to collect, use or disclose your Personal Information for purposes other than those to which consent has been obtained unless otherwise required or permitted by law.
Further Information
Fernandes Hearn LLP has appointed Rui Fernandes as Chief Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws. For information on Fernandes Hearn LLP’s privacy practices, please contact the Fernandes Hearn LLP Chief Privacy Officer at:
Fernandes Hearn LLP
Chief Privacy Officer
155 University Ave. Suite 700
Toronto M5H 3B7, Canada
Tel: 416.203.9500
Fax: 416.203.9444
Request An Appointment
Name
Email Address
Phone
Message
Subscribe to our newsletter "The Navigator"
Name
Email Address
Fernandes Hearn LLP155 University Avenue, Suite 700, Toronto, Ontario, Canada  M5H 3B7
Telephone: 416-203-9500  |  Fax: 416-203-9444  |  E-mail:
info@fernandeshearn.com
A proud Canadian law firm specializing in Transportation, Insurance, Trade, Technology and Commercial Law.
Copyright © Fernandes Hearn LLP. All Rights Reserved. | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Designed By: Christopher Chong Productions Inc. | SEO By: Spider Choice Inc.