http://www.pastorswives.org/practical_help_for_ministers_wives/sharing_your_testimony
Home
Full Website
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Statement of Faith
Who We Are
Site Map
Forum
Message Board Terms of Use
How To Register
Message Board Staff
Abbreviations
Resources
Children
Conferences for Pastors Wives
Depression in Ministry - Resources
Forced Terminations - Resources
Ministry Positions
Pastors and Porn
Retreats for Pastors & Wives
Help
Bible Study Tools
Candidating For Ministry Positions
Conflict in Ministry
Depression in Ministry
Feeding a Large Group
Memorizing Scripture
Quiet Time
Sharing Your Testimony
When People Throw Stones
Answers
Boundaries in Ministry
Recruiting Volunteers
The Role of a Pastor's Wife
Stress-Free Holiday Meals
Practical Help for Pastors' WivesSharing Your TestimonyAs PW's, we may often be called
on to give our testimony to our life in Christ. It may seem simple enough to
give a verbal account of the truth of God's love in our lives...until we are
asked to do it on the spot in front of a group! For this reason, I have included
information about how to summarize our walk of faith in a simple manner, so that
you can have some "mental notes" prepared, just in case you are caught without
any written ones. From Campus Crusade for Christ's website, here is Bill Bright's
online, interactive
process for preparing your testimony. 5 Clicks to Sharing
your Faith will help you learn how to communicate your own testimony of what
God has done in your life, in a clear and effective manner. Most Christians
don't know how to tell the story of their own testimony well. After going
through the interactive 5 Clicks study, you will have put together your
testimony, and learned how to share it in a way that will help you see results.
5 Clicks to Sharing
your Faith is an interactive version of the study materials found in Bill
Bright's book,
5 Steps
to Sharing your Faith. In addition, there are helpful video segments
from the
Transferable Concepts series, and
Witnessing
Without Fear video training series. These video elements will help guide you
through this study, and organize your thoughts. The video segments are short,
and to the point. I hope you find this
interactive study helpful, and the
study guide, of great value in your walk with God. Note: This interactive process
requires use of Internet Explorer 4, or Netscape 6, or better. Can you see the
image of Dr. Bright in the blue bar on the left? In not, upgrade your browser
here:
Internet
Explorer |
Netscape
CLICK HERE
Pastors´ Wives
Thriving Message Board
Click Here
PW´s
Thriving Blog
Click Here
How Does The Message Board Work?
Our Message Board is open to any pastor's wife who has registered. This makes for a safe place to "be ourselves" without judgment. An online message board works like this: One person types a question, situation, or statement. Other members of the Board can read it and reply under what the previous person has written. Most posts receive numerous replies; some long some short.
How Do I Become a Member of the Message Board?
Want to know how to register for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Want to know the Terms of Service for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Concerned about our Privacy Policy?CLICK HERE
Ready to sign up?CLICK HERE !
Privacy Policy Terms of Use What We Believe Who Are We
Registered Hosting & Web Development Services