https://www.bankofcanada.ca/privacy/website-privacy-practices/
Skip to content
Home
Search the site
Search
FR
Home
Toggle navigation
FR
Toggle Search
Search the site
Search
About The Bank
About the Bank
The Bank's History
The Bank's Head Office
Regional Offices
Photos & Videos
Contact
Archives
Background materials
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
Governing Council and Senior Management
Governance Documents
Educational Resources
Explainers
Financial Education Resources
Careers
Take a central role at the Bank of Canada with our current opportunities and scholarships.
Core Functions
Core Functions
Monetary Policy
Financial System
Currency
Funds Management
Featured Links
Key Interest Rate: Target for the Overnight Rate
Unclaimed Balances
Toward 2021
Reviewing the Monetary Policy Framework.
Financial System Hub
Promoting a stable and efficient financial system.
Markets
Markets
About Financial Markets
Market Notices
Term Repos
Market Operations and Liquidity Provision
Canadian Foreign Exchange Committee
Canadian Fixed-Income Forum
Canadian Alternative Reference Rate Working Group
Government Securities Auctions
Calls for Tenders and Results
Schedules and Results
Rules and Terms
Forms and Certificates
Data
Definitions and Formulas
Market Notices
November 30, 2020
Summary of Comments – Fall 2020 Debt Management Strategy Consultations
November 30, 2020
Operational details for upcoming secondary market purchases of Government of Canada securities (December 7-17)
See More
Bank Notes
Bank Notes
Bank Notes Past and Present
Bank Note Redemption Service
Counterfeit Prevention
Images
Training and Education Materials
Videos
The next bank NOTE-able Canadian
See the short list of portrait candidates for the next $5 bank note.
Upcoming changes to legal tender status for older bank notes
Find out what removing legal tender status means and which bank notes are affected.
Publications
Publications
Annual & Quarterly Report
Business Outlook Survey
Canadian Survey of Consumer Expectations
The Economy, Plain and Simple
Monetary Policy Report
Senior Loan Officer Survey
Browse Publications
Browse and filter Bank of Canada publications by author, JEL code, topic and content type.
Financial System Hub
Financial System Review
Financial System Survey
Financial System Research Centre
Historical Publications
Bank of Canada Review
Books and Monographs
Summary of Government of Canada Direct Securities and Loans
Monetary Policy Report – October 2020
The Bank expects Canada’s economy to grow by almost 4 percent on average in 2021 and 2022, following a decline of about 5 ½ percent in 2020.
Research
Research
Browse Research
Staff Analytical Notes
Staff Discussion Papers
Staff Working Papers
Technical Reports
People
Economic Staff
Author List
Awards
Research Paper Awards
Scholarship Awards
Fellowship Program
The Governor's Challenge
Collaboration
Financial System Research Centre
Visiting Scholar Program
Conferences, Seminars and Workshops
PIVOT Program
Digital Currencies and Fintech
Understanding digital currencies and related financial technologies is an important part of our research agenda.
Press
Press
Announcements
Press Releases
Selected Media Activities
Speeches and appearances
Upcoming Events
Webcasts
Browse Press
Browse and filter Bank of Canada press content by topic, author, location and content type.
Info
Media Advisories
Media Contacts
Blackout Guidelines
Principles for External Communication
Greater Moncton Chamber of Commerce, the Fredericton Chamber of Commerce, and the Saint John Region Chamber of Commerce - Speech (Webcasts)
Our quantitative easing operations: Looking under the hood — Deputy Governor Paul Beaudry of the Bank of Canada speaks before the Greater Moncton Chamber of Commerce, the Fredericton Chamber of Commerce, and the Saint John Region Chamber of Commerce. (13:30 (ET) approx.)
Statistics
Statistics
Daily Digest
Exchange Rates
Interest Rates
Price Indexes
Indicators
Banking and Financial Statistics
Related Information
Inflation Calculator
Investment Calculator
Official International Reserves
Credit Conditions
Staff Economic Projections
These forecasts are provided to Governing Council in preparation for monetary policy decisions. They are released once a year with a five-year lag.
Search the site
Toggle Search
Home
Privacy
Website Privacy Practices
Bank of Canada Website Privacy Statement
The Bank of Canada is committed to providing visitors with a website that respects their privacy. Important information about our data gathering and dissemination practices follows:
IP Address
Web servers automatically collect information about visits to a website, including the visitor’s Internet Protocol (IP) address. IP addresses are unique numbers assigned to all devices used to access the Internet. The IP address, on its own, does not identify an individual. However, in certain circumstances, such as with the co-operation of an ISP for example, it could be used to identify an individual using the site. For this reason, the Bank considers the IP address to be personal information.
The Bank of Canada employs software programs that monitor network traffic and detect unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. These programs record the IP addresses of computers that visit this site. They also record the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, and the browsers and operating systems used by visitors. We do not attempt to link this information to the identities of individual users, unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
IP addresses of visitors may, on occasion, be anonymized and used by the Bank to produce statistical reports to allow us to evaluate the geographical origin of visitors to the Bank’s site.
Visitor IP addresses are also recorded by the Google Analytics software installed on the Bank website.
Cookies
The Bank of Canada website puts small files (known as ‘cookies’) onto your computer to collect information about how you browse the site.
Cookies are used to:
measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on your needs
remember preferences you’ve chosen, such as language
remember the notifications you’ve seen so that we don’t show them to you again
Bank of Canada cookies aren’t used to identify you personally, or to track your behavior on other sites.
By using this website, you consent to having its cookies placed on your device – unless you have disabled them. For help managing cookies, consult the settings for your web browser.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use the website. We do this to help make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements.
Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit on our website, and how long you spend on each page
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
your demographics and searches
how often you visit a given page or pages
Google Analytics doesn’t collect or store your personal information (e.g., your name or address.)
Google (privacy policy)
We don’t allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
Data collected by Google Analytics is sent to Google servers which might be located in the United States and may be subject to the governing legislation in that country (for example, the USA Patriot Act). Your IP address is anonymized prior to being stored on Googles' servers in order to help safeguard your privacy.
If you do not wish to have your information shared with the Analytics software, Google makes available a “plug-in” for users of the Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari and Chrome browsers which prevents your browser from sharing any information with the Analytics software. You may download and install the “plug-in” here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Surveys
Occasionally the Bank of Canada conducts online surveys, some of which are managed on the Bank’s behalf by a third party. The third party uses cookies to identify unique visitors, to provide per-user customization, and to make the site easier to use. It does not share its cookies, or use them to track your behavior on other sites.
Third-Party Social Media
The Bank of Canada’s use of social media serves as an extension of its presence on the Web. Social media accounts are public and are not hosted on the Bank’s servers. Users who choose to interact with the Bank via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications you use to access them. The Bank participates in three social media services:
Twitter (privacy policy)
YouTube (privacy policy)
Flickr (privacy policy)
Outside Links
This site contains links to other sites. The Bank of Canada is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
More Information
Questions or comments regarding this statement, or the administration of the Privacy Act at the Bank of Canada, may be directed to Access to Information and Privacy Office:
Phone: 613-782-7669
Toll free: 1-866-478-3059
Fax: 613-782-7317
Email: