https://www.nsighttel.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
We limit the information collected about you to what is needed for conducting business and offering products and services that might be of interest to you. You may choose to provide individually-identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) to Nsight Telservices in a number of ways through our web site – by sending us e-mail, applying for a job, etc.
We do not collect individually identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us. We do not sell the names and addresses of visitors to our site to unaffiliated suppliers, without providing information on that disclosure where the individually identifiable information is collected.
We do collect, maintain and use customer information as necessary to provide the most helpful and targeted products and services to meet customers’ needs (e.g. customer care or new products or services). We also honor customers’ requests to remove their names from our telephone or mail solicitation lists using reasonable efforts to delete the information from existing files. Please contact us to make such a request. When undertaking projects with other companies, we provide access to customer information with an understanding that our business partners will also treat the information with respect for privacy concerns.
Because we appreciate the trust you have placed in us, we continually look for ways to enhance that business relationship. So from time to time, we may let you know about a product or service. Using the information you have provided to us, we strive to limit our offers to those we think you would appreciate receiving. We want every contact you have with us to be a positive experience. So if you would prefer not to receive these value-added services, offers and opportunities, please contact us.
In addition to individually identifiable information, we may collect information automatically when a visitor enters the Nsight Telservices site, such as the domain name, browser, the type of computer operating system, information about the web page from which the visitor linked to the site, and time spent on different pages within the site. We may use this information to evaluate and improve the site, and may share the information with business partners and others.
Children should consult with their parents or guardian before furnishing any data to us. We believe that parents should supervise their children’s on-line activities and may consider using one of a number of available parental control tools that provide a child-friendly on-line environment and can prevent children from disclosing individually identifiable information without parental consent. If a child has provided individually identifiable information without the consent of a parent or guardian, that parent or guardian should just contact us to request that the information be deleted from our records.
Nsight Telservices strives to only form partnerships with companies with an understanding that our business partners will treat our customers with respect with regard to privacy concerns. However, Nsight Telservices is not responsible for content or privacy policies of other sites. You should keep this in mind when accessing sites through links on Nsight Telservices’s website.
We will constantly strive to improve the services we may offer, and may update this privacy statement from time to time in connection with that effort. We reserve the right to expand our capabilities for information collection and use, and may change our policies along with this privacy statement at any time.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
The Federal Communication Commission (FCC) requires that we obtain verification from you before we can provide you any information on your billing account.
Customers requesting information over the phone will be required to provide us with the account password. If a password is forgotten the customer will have established a “verification question” and “answer” that will allow us to provide or reset the forgotten password.
Customers not able to provide the required verification above, will only be allowed to receive their account information through the mail. The information may only be sent to the address on the customer account.
CPNI Verification Form (PDF)
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.