https://www.camphopewell.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Camp Hopewell.
Our postal address is 24 County Road 231, Oxford, MS 38655.
We can be reached via email at info@camphopewell.com or you can reach us by telephone at 662-234-2254.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or email address.
We collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by logging into their account at www.camphopewell.com.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, and transaction information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by calling us at the above telephone number, or by logging into their account at www.camphopewell.com.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.