http://www.newreflectionscounseling.com/helpwith/confidence-catching
Help with Confidence Catching
Understanding yourself is hard especially when there are many ways to become stuck with a false identity. We want you to grow in your understanding of who you are – the person God created you to be.
Take our Self-Worth Assessment to see if you would benefit from meeting with a counselor.
Visit ChristianConcepts.com to sign up for Matt’s blog and receive The Identity Manifesto.
Visit ConfidentIdentity.com to take an email course to catch confidence or learn more about Matt’s book, Confident Identity.
Read more about identity on this site.
Confident Identity Group Therapy
Christians who are unsure of who they are can join a community of other like-minded people who are committed to discovering, exploring, and understanding their God-given identity.
We will review material from Matt’s book, Confident Identity. Purchase of the book is required by your second meeting. You can learn more about the book and how to purchase at ConfidentIdentity.com.
We’ll meet every other week. The group will be ongoing, however, I recommend you commit to attending for 16 weeks so you can experience the community’s support through all of the book’s chapters.
This is a great way to receive 90 minutes of professional help for only $25.
The group isn’t currently meeting, but a new one can start at any time. For questions contact Matt.
Recent Posts
COVID-19 (Novel Coronavirus)
Introvert Believer Conference 2020
MBTI® Personality Assessment
Group Counseling
Why New Reflections Counseling?
Search
Browse Categories
Counselors (15)
Counselor Comments (6)
Matt Pavlik (15)
FAQs (15)
Help With (17)
Identity (9)
Marriage (7)
Single (3)
Trauma (6)
News (3)
Resources (1)
About NRC
Counseling Approach
Values and Beliefs
Mission and Vision
Site Map
Site Content
Privacy Policy
Books and Blogs
To Identity and Beyond
Confident Identity
Marriage from Roots to Fruits
Christian Concepts
Contact Us
Email
937-396-7077
Resources
Focus on the Family
Faith Prayers
Need Him
Growth Trac
Marriage Missions