http://www.ralaw.com/privacy_policy
Home
Services
Industries
Our People
Media & Events
About the Firm
Offices
Careers
Privacy Policy
You should read this entire Privacy Policy to fully understand what information is gathered by us and how that information will be used. By using this Site," you agree to our Terms and Conditions as well as to the collection and use of your information as described below.
Roetzel & Andress does not rent, sell or share personal information that is specifically about you (i.e. your name, your address) with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We will provide information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We will provide information if we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, present, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms and conditions of use, or as otherwise required by law.
What Information We Collect
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
When you browse, read pages or download information on the Roetzel & Andress webpages, we automatically gather and store certain information about your visit. This information is technical information, it is not personal in nature and does not specifically identify you. Some of the information we automatically collect and store about your visit is listed below:
The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our website;
The type of browser (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer) and operating system (Windows, Unix) used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to the website from another website, the address of that website.
This information is gathered in order to help us make the site more useful for visitors. With this data we record certain information, including the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use to access the site. This process does not record information about specific individuals and their visits.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your hard drive during visits to certain websites. Our site may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve and manage the information we provide to visitors of our web site. We do not publish nor share cookie information with third parties and we do not access any third party cookies.
Information Collected About You
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, company, and e-mail address) on this web site. This information is provided through the Contact Us page (to request additional information), subscribe page (to be added to our newsletter distribution list), and event registration (to register for Roetzel & Andress-sponsored events). By "contacting us," you are not creating an attorney-client relationship with anyone at Roetzel & Andress. Any information you submit to us via e-mail or otherwise will be treated as the disclosure of public non-confidential information, unless you are a Firm client at the time of such disclosure.
It is possible for you to access any personal information that is being stored about you as well as contest the data's accuracy and completeness. Your personal information can be accessed through the e-newsletters received via e-mail for review, update or to be removed from our database. You may also review any such personal information by contacting us via e-mail at inquiries@ralaw.com.
Revisions and Consent
Roetzel & Andress expressly reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify the Privacy Policy in any way at any time. In the event that we change our Privacy Policy we will conspicuously post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Comments and Questions
If after reviewing this Privacy Policy and the accompanying Terms of Use you have any questions or comments about the information presented herein please forward them to inquiries@ralaw.com
Notice
×
Roetzel's website is for general use and not legal advice.
Emailing Roetzel or any of its attorneys does not create an attorney-client relationship.
An attorney-client relationship is only established by the execution of a separate written engagement agreement.
Any information or attachments you include in your email to Roetzel or any of its attorneys will not be confidential or privileged.
By sending an email, you confirm that you have read and understand this Notice and you agree to the terms of this website.
Cancel
OK