http://www.citywomen.org/cpages/privacy-statement-1
Join our Mailing List
Login
Home
About CWN
Our History
Our Mission
Our Purpose
Our Board
Committees
External Advisors
Partnerships
Privacy Policy
Inclusion and Belonging Policy
CWN Code of
Practice
Membership
CWN Community
Individual Membership
Corporate Membership
Events
CWN Events
Charity Partner Events
Events Calendar
Partnership Events
Past Events
Charity Partner
Charity Partner
Charity Selection
News
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
The City Women Network ("CWN", “we” or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Owner:
City Women Network, registered office Kemp House, 152-160 City Road, London, EC1V 2NX (“CWN”, “we” or “us”).
Contact:
admin@citywomen.org
Postal address:
City Women Network
Admin Office, Kemp House, 152-160 City Road, London EC1V 2NX
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and any subsequent UK legislation covering data protection, the Data Controller is City Women Network.
This privacy policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
If you have any questions about this statement or concerning your personal information, please contact CWN Admin Office at admin@citywomen.org or by post to City Women Network, Admin Office, Kemp House, 152-160 City Road, London EC1V 2NX.
Information We May Collect from You
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.citywomen.org (our “site”). This includes information provided at the time of signing up to use our site, applying  for membership, registering for an event, and building your online profile
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfillment of your request or order
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, blogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access
Information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type
We may ask you to complete surveys that we use for feedback on our events, and research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We may also ask you for information if  you report a problem with our site
Where We Store Personal Data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your application, request or order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission and storage of information on the internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal data, however we cannot guarantee its security. Once we have received your information, we will use best practice procedures and security features to aim  to prevent unauthorised access.  If we do become aware of any breach of our security that may have compromised your personal data, we will use best efforts to notify you without delay.
Uses of Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To provide you with the information, products or services that you request from us
To provide you with information on new products or services that we feel may interest you
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so
To notify you about changes to our services
For administering our website and other systems, including by disclosing your personal information to organisations to whom we outsource functions (such as mailing and IT service providers).  We prohibit our outsourced providers from using or disclosing your personal information except for their service to us or as required or authorised by or under law
To create and publish relevant content, for example, to create attendee lists for events you register for
On the Members Area of the site, Members can choose to upload a profile, links to their social media profiles and website if applicable. No emails are visible.  Direct contact with other Members may be done via a messaging service on the website.  Member email addresses are not shared.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, you should contact us at admin@citywomen.org before entering personal data on our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  We use cookies to record current session information, but do not use permanent cookies, the cookies will expire after a period of time.
CWN will not collect personally identifiable information through tools such as Google Analytics unless we have your consent to.
If you are a Member, you are required to log-in to the site to access the Member Area. Members can change their setting preferences under their Membership Profile on the site.
Users may also disable cookies at any time using their browser.
Links to other websites and integration of social networks
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites.  If you follow a link to any of the websites, please note that these websites have their own cookie policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Photographs
We regularly publish photographs and videos from events and other activities on our website, in our newsletters, in print, and on social media.  Participants at our events automatically give us permission to use photographs taken at our events.  If you do not wish to be photographed, or you wish to have a published image removed please let us know and we will remove the image as far as possible.
Speakers at our events will be asked to give permission to publish photographs and videos, along with their name, title and organisation.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by setting your Communications Preferences under the “Members Section” of our website, www.citywomen.org and by following the unsubscribe link on any email you receive; or by contacting us at admin@citywomen.org.  You therefore agree that we shall retain your personal data in our records for marketing purposes until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to Information
You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data that we hold and process for you.
You also have the right to require us to correct errors in the personal data that we hold and process for you if it is inaccurate or incomplete and to require us to delete your personal data from our records.
You can exercise these rights or any others you may have under applicable laws by contacting us at admin@citywomen.org.
If you believe that we have breached the Act or this privacy policy, then you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time.  Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.  Please check this page accordingly to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective as of 21 October 2018.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to admin@citywomen.org.
About
Our History
Our Mission
Our Purpose
Our Board
Committees
Partnerships
Privacy Policy
Inclusion
and Belonging Policy
CWN Code of Practice
Tweets by CityWomenLondon
×Close
Log In
Email:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Log In
Not a member? Sign up.