https://www.wrightslaw.com/links/glossary.sped.legal.htm
COVID-19  Legal
Advocacy    Topics A-Z
Training    Books & Videos   Store  Blog
Home > Links > Glossary of Special Education and Legal Terms
The Special Ed Advocate newsletter
It's Unique ... and Free!
Enter your email address below:
2021
Training Programs
Jan 10-15 - ISEA
Jan 27 - Southern MD
Full Schedule
Wrightslaw
Home
Topics from A-Z
Free Newsletter
Seminars & Training
Yellow Pages for Kids
Press Room
FAQs
Sitemap
Books & Training
Wrightslaw Store
Advocate's Store
Student Bookstore
Exam Copies
Training Center
Bulk Discounts
Military Discounts
Student Discounts
Mail & Fax Orders
Advocacy Library
Articles
Cool Tools
Doing Your Homework
Ask the Advocate
FAQs
Newsletter Archives
Short Course Series
Success Stories
Tips
Law Library
Articles
Caselaw
Fed Court Complaints
IDEA 2004
McKinney-Vento Homeless
FERPA
Section 504
Topics
Advocacy
ADD/ADHD
Allergy/Anaphylaxis
American Indian
Assistive Technology
Autism Spectrum
Behavior & Discipline
Bullying
College/Continuing Ed
Damages
Discrimination
Due Process
Early Intervention  (Part C)
Eligibility
Episodic, such as
Allergies, Asthma,
Diabetes, Epilepsy, etc
ESSA
ESY
Evaluations
FAPE
Flyers
Future Planning
Harassment
High-Stakes Tests
Homeless Children
IDEA 2004
Identification & Child Find
IEPs
Juvenile Justice
Law School & Clinics
Letters & Paper Trails
LRE / Inclusion
Mediation
Military / DODParental Protections
PE and Adapted PE
Privacy & Records
Procedural Safeguards
Progress Monitoring
Reading
Related Services
Research Based  Instruction
Response to Intervention  (RTI)
Restraints / Seclusion   and Abuse
Retention
Retaliation
School Report Cards
Section 504
Self-Advocacy
Teachers & Principals
Transition
Twice Exceptional (2e)
VA Special Education
Resources & Directories
Advocate's Bookstore
Advocacy ResourcesDirectories
Disability Groups
International
State DOEs
State PTIs
Free Flyers
Free Pubs
Free Newsletters
Legal & Advocacy
Glossaries
Legal Terms
Assessment Terms
Best School Websites
Wrightslaw Glossary of Special Education and Legal Terms
Print this page
A
Accommodations.
Changes in how test is administered that do not substantially alter what the test
measures; includes changes in presentation format, response format, test setting
or test timing. Appropriate accommodations are made to level the playing field,
i.e., to provide equal opportunity to demonstrate knowledge.
Achievement test. Test that measures competency in a particular area of knowledge or skill;
measures mastery or acquisition of skills.
Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA). Legislation enacted to prohibit discrimination
based on disability.
Attention
Deficit Disorder/Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADD/ADHD). Child
with ADD or ADHD may be eligible for special education under other health impairment,
specific learning disability, and/or emotional disturbance categories if ADD/ADHD
condition adversely affects educational performance.
Adversarial
system. The system of trial practice in which each of the opposing parties
has an opportunity to present and establish opposing contentions before the court.
Alternative
dispute resolution. See mediation.Appeal.
Procedure in which a party seeks to reverse or modify a judgment or final order
of a lower court or administrative agency, usually on grounds that lower court
misinterpreted or misapplied the law, rather than on the grounds that it made
an incorrect finding of fact.Appendix
A. Appendix to the federal special education regulations that answers questions
about IEPs, IEP teams, parental role, transition.Assessment.
Systematic method of obtaining information from tests or other sources; procedures
used to determine child’s eligibility, identify the child’s strengths
and needs, and services child needs to meet these needs. See also evaluations.Assistive
technology device. Equipment used to maintain or improve the capabilities
of a child with a disability.Audiology.
Related service; includes identification, determination of hearing loss, and referral
for habilitation of hearing.Autism.
Developmental disability that affects communication and social interaction, adversely
affects educational performance, is generally evident before age 3. Children with
autism often engage in repetitive activities and stereotyped movements, resist
environmental change or change in daily routines, and have unusual responses to
sensory experiences.BBasic
skills. Skills in subjects like reading, writing, spelling, and mathematics.Behavior
disorder (BD). See emotional disturbance.
BIP. A plan of positive behavioral interventions in the IEP
of a child whose behaviors interfere with his/her learning or that of others.
Brief.
Written argument that supports a case; usually contains a statement of facts and
a discussion of law.Burden
of proof. Duty of a party to substantiate its claim against the other party;
in civil actions, the weight of this proof is usually described as a preponderance
of the evidence.Business
day. Means Monday through Friday, except for federal and state holidays.CCalendar
day. (See “day”).Case
law. Decisions issued by a court.
CBM. See "Curriculum Based Measurement" below.
Child
find. Requirement that states ensure that all children with disabilities are
identified, located and evaluated, and determine which children are receiving
special education and related services.
C.F.R.
Code of Federal Regulations
Class
action. A civil action filed in a court on behalf of a named plaintiff and
on behalf of other individuals similarly situated.
Complaint.
Legal document that outlines plaintiff’s claim against a defendant.Confidential
file. File maintained by the school that contains evaluations conducted to
determine whether child is handicapped, other information related to special education
placement; parents have a right to inspect the file and have copies of any information
contained in it.Consent.
Requirement that the parent be fully informed of all information that relates
to any action that school wants to take about the child, that parent understands
that consent is voluntary and may be revoked at any time. See also Procedural
safeguards notice and prior written notice.Controlled
substance. Means a drug or other substance identified under schedules I, II,
III, IV, or V of the Controlled Substances Act; does not include a substance that
is legally possessed or used under the supervision of a licensed health care provider.Counseling
services. Related service; includes services provided by social workers, psychologists,
guidance counselors, or other qualified personnel.Cumulative
file. General file maintained by the school; parent has right to inspect the
file and have copies of any information contained in it.
Curriculum-Based Measurement (CBM). A method to measure student progress in academic areas including math, reading, writing, and spelling. The child is tested briefly (1 to 5 minutes) each week. Scores are recorded on a graph and compared to the expected performance on the content for that year. The graph allows the teacher and parents to see quickly how the child’s performance compares to expectations.
To Top
D
Damages.
Monetary compensation that may be recovered by a person who has suffered loss,
detriment or injury to his person, property or rights, through the unlawful act
or negligence of another; damages are not generally available under the IDEA.
Day.
Means calendar day unless otherwise indicated as school day or business day.
Deaf-blindness.
IDEA disability category; includes hearing and visual impairments that cause severe
communication, developmental and educational problems that adversely affects educational
performance.
Deafness.
IDEA disability category; impairment in processing information through hearing
that adversely affects educational performance
Disability.
In Section 504 and ADA, defined as impairment that substantially affects one or
more major life activities; an individual who has a record of having such impairment,
or is regarded as having such an impairment.
Discovery.
Term for methods of obtaining evidence in advance of trial; includes interrogatories,
depositions and inspection of documents.
Due
process hearing (impartial due process hearing). Procedure to resolve disputes
between parents and schools; administrative hearing before an impartial hearing
officer or administrative law judge. Called a "fair hearing" in some states.
E
Early
intervention (EI). Special education and related services provided to children
under age of 5.
Education
records. All records about the student that are maintained by an educational
agency or institution; includes instructional materials, teacher’s manuals,
films, tapes, test materials and protocols.
Educational
consultant/diagnostician. An individual who may be familiar with school curriculum
and requirements at various grade levels: may or may not have a background in
learning disabilities; may conduct educational evaluations.
Emotional
disturbance (ED). Disability category under IDEA; includes depression, fears,
schizophrenia; adversely affects educational performance.
EMR.
Educable mentally retarded.
ESY.
Extended school year services.
Exhibit.
Anything tangible that is produced and admitted in evidence during a trial.
F
FAPE.
Free appropriate public education; special education and related services provided
in conformity with an IEP; are without charge; and meets standards of the SEA.
FBA. Functional behavior assessment.
FERPA. Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act; statute about confidentiality and access to education records.
G
General
curriculum. Curriculum adopted by LEA or SEA for all children from preschool
through high school.
Guardian
ad litem. Person appointed by the court to represent the rights of minors.
H
Hearing
impairment. Disability category under IDEA; permanent or fluctuating impairment
in hearing that adversely affects educational performance.
I
IDEA.
The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.
IDELR.
Individuals with Disabilities Law Reporter
IEE.
Independent educational evaluation.
IEP.
Individualized Educational Plan.
IFSP.
Individualized Family Service Plan.
Illegal
drug. A controlled substance; does not include substances that are legally
possessed or used under the supervision of a licensed health-care professional.Impartial
due process hearing. See due process hearing.
Inclusion.
Practice of educating children with special needs in regular education classrooms
in neighborhood schools. See also mainstreaming and least restrictive environment.Interrogatories.
Written questions served on a party that must be answered under oath before trial;
method of discovery.
ITP. Individual Transition Plan
To Top
JJudgment.
Order by a court
LLearning
disability. See specific learning disability (SLD).
LRE.
Least restrictive environment; requirement to educate special needs children with
children who are not disabled to the maximum extent possible.LEA.
Local education agency or school district
M
Mainstreaming.
Practice of placing special needs children in regular classrooms for at least
a part of the children’s educational program. See also least restrictive
environment and inclusion.
Manifestation
determination review. If child with disability engages in behavior or breaks
a rule or code of conduct that applies to nondisabled children and the school
proposes to remove the child, the school must hold a hearing to determine if the
child’s behavior was caused by the disability.
Mediation.
Procedural safeguard to resolve disputes between parents and schools; must be
voluntary, cannot be used to deny or delay right to a due process hearing; must
be conducted by a qualified and impartial mediator who is trained in effective
mediation techniques.
Medical
services. Related service; includes services provided by a licensed physician
to determine a child’s medically related disability that results in the child’s
need for special education and related services.
Mental
retardation. Disability category under IDEA; refers to significantly sub-average
general intellectual functioning with deficits in adaptive behavior that adversely
affects educational performance.
Modifications.
Substantial changes in what the student is expected to demonstrate; includes changes
in instructional level, content, and performance criteria, may include changes
in test form or format; includes alternate assessments.
Multiple
disabilities. Disability category under IDEA; concomitant impairments (such
as mental retardation-blindness, mental retardation-orthopedic impairment, etc.)
that cause such severe educational problems that problems cannot be accommodated
in special education programs solely for one of the impairments; does not include
deaf-blindness.
N
Native
language. Language normally used by the child’s parents.
Norm-referenced
test. (See standardized test)
OOCR.
Office of Civil Rights
Occupational
therapy. Related service; includes therapy to remediate fine motor skills.
OHI. Other health impairment.
Opinion.
Formal written decision by judge or court; contains the legal principles and reasons
upon which the decision was based.
Orientation
and mobility services. Related service; includes services to visually impaired
students that enable students to move safely at home, school, and community
Orthopedic
impairment. Disability category under IDEA; orthopedic impairment that adversely
affects child’s educational performance
OSERS.
Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative ServicesOSEP.
Office of Special Education Programs
Other
health impairment (OHI). Disability category under IDEA; refers to limited strength,
vitality or alertness due to chronic or acute health problems that adversely affects
educational performance.
To Top
P
Parent.
Parent, guardian, or surrogate parent; may include grandparent or stepparent with
whom a child lives, and foster parent.
Physical
therapy. Related service; includes therapy to remediate gross motor skills.
Precedent.
A court decision that will influence similar cases in the future.
Prior
written notice. Required written notice to parents when school proposes to
initiate or change, or refuses to initiate or change, the identification, evaluation,
or educational placement of the child.Pro
se. Representing oneself without assistance of legal counsel
Procedural
safeguards notice. Requirement that schools provide full easily understood
explanation of procedural safeguards that describe parent’s right to an independent
educational evaluation, to examine records, to request mediation and due process.
Progress monitoring. A scientifically based practice used to assess students' academic performance and evaluate the effectiveness of instruction; can be implemented with individual students or an entire class.
Psychological services. Related service; includes administering psychological and educational
tests, interpreting test results, interpreting child behavior related to learning.
Public Law (P.L.) 94-142. The Education for All Handicapped Children Act; enacted
into law in 1975
R
Reasonable accommodation. Adoption of a facility or program that can be accomplished
without undue administrative or financial burden.
Recreation.
Related service; includes therapeutic recreation services, recreation programs,
and leisure education.
Rehabilitation
Act of 1973. Civil rights statute designed to protect individuals with disabilities
from discrimination; purposes are to maximize employment, economic self-sufficiency,
independence, inclusion and integration into society.
Rehabilitation
counseling services. Related service; includes career development, preparation
for employment, vocational rehabilitation services funded under the Rehabilitation
Act of 1973.
Related
services. Services that are necessary for child to benefit from special education;
includes speech-language pathology and audiology services, psychological services,
physical and occupational therapy, recreation, early identification and assessment,
counseling, rehabilitation counseling, orientation and mobility services, school
health services, social work services, parent counseling and training.
Remediation.
Process by which an individual receives instruction and practice in skills that
are weak or nonexistent in an effort to develop/strengthen these skills.
Response to Intervention (RTI). Use of research-based instruction and interventions with students who are at risk and
students who are suspected of having specific learning disabilities.
SSchool
day. A day when children attend school for instructional purposes.
School
health services. Related service; services provided by a qualified school
nurse or other qualified person.
SEA. State educational agency (state department of dducation).
Section 504. Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act protects individuals with disabilities from discrimination due to disability by recipients of federal financial assistance.
Settlement. Conclusion of a legal matter by agreement of opposing parties in a civil suit
before judgment is made.
SLD. See "Specific learning disability" below.
Special education. Specially designed instruction, at no cost to the parents, to meet the unique needs of a child with a disability.
Specific learning disability (SLD). Disability category under IDEA; includes disorders that affect the ability to understand or use spoken or written language; may manifest in difficulties with listening, thinking, speaking, reading, writing, spelling, and doing mathematical calculations; includes minimal brain dysfunction, dyslexia,
and developmental aphasia.
Speech-language
pathology services. Related service; includes identification and diagnosis
of speech or language impairments, speech or language therapy, counseling and
guidance.
Speech or language impairment. Disability category under IDEA; includes communication
disorders, language impairments, voice impairments that adversely educational
performance.
Statutory rights. Rights protected by statute, as opposed to constitutional rights that
are protected by the Constitution.Statute
of limitations. Time within which a legal action must be commenced.
Standardized test. Norm-referenced test that compares child’s performance with the
performance of a large group of similar children (usually children who are the
same age).
State education agency (SEA). State departments of education.
Statutory law. Written law enacted by legislative bodies.
Supplementary aids and services. Means aids, services, and supports that are provided in regular education classes that enable children with disabilities to be educated with nondisabled children to the maximum extent appropriate.
SWD. Students with disabilities.
To Top
T
Technology
(see assistive technology)
Testimony.
Evidence given by a person as distinguished from evidence from writings and other
sources.
Transcript.
Official record taken during a trial or hearing by an authorized stenographer.
Transition
services. IEP requirement; designed to facilitate movement from school to
the workplace or to higher education.
Transportation.
Related service about travel; includes specialized equipment (i.e., special or
adapted buses, lifts, and ramps) if required to provide special transportation
for a child with a disability.
Traumatic
brain injury. Disability category under IDEA; includes acquired injury caused
by external physical force and open or closed head injuries that result in impairments;
does not include congenital or degenerative brain injuries or brain injuries caused
by birth trauma.
Travel training. See orientation and mobility servicesUU.S.C.
United States Code
V
Visual impairment including blindness. Disability category under IDEA; impaired vision
that adversely affects educational performance.
W
Weapon. Means a “dangerous weapon” as defined in the United States Code.
This Glossary of Special Education and Legal Terms is from Wrightslaw: From Emotions to Advocacy, 2nd Edition.
Last Revised: 08/1/20
To Top
The Special Ed Advocate: It's Free!
About the Book
To Order
About the Book
To Order
About the Book
To Order
About the Book
To Order
About the Book
To Order
About the DVD Video
To Order
Copyright © 1998-2020, Peter W. D. Wright and Pamela Darr
Wright. All rights reserved.
Contact Us |
Press l Mission l Our Awards l
Privacy
Policy l
Disclaimer l
Site Map
Wrightslaw Holiday Sale!
Save 25%
Use Coupon Code
12252020
Check Out
The Advocate's Store!
Get Help!
Ask or Answer a Question!
Update Your Listing!
Wrightslaw Books
About the Book
About the Book
About the Book
About the Book
About the Book
About the DVD Video
Student Discounts
Military Discounts
The Advocate's Store
Wrightslaw Multimedia Training
Understanding Your Child's
Test Scores (1.5 hrs)
Wrightslaw
Special: $14.95
Special
Education Law & Advocacy Training
(6.5 hrs)
Wrightslaw
Special: $49.95