https://www.lifeline.org.au/get-help/online-services/terms-and-conditions
Home
Policies
Lifeline Policies
Privacy policy
For information on our privacy policy please see below.
Privacy
Lifeline Australia recognises the importance of protecting your privacy.  For further information please see our Privacy Policy.
Terms of use
For Lifeline crisis support terms and conditions please see below. If you would like to provide feedback you can do so by visiting our contact us page.
Contact us
Service terms of use
Lifeline Crisis Support Services
Terms of use
If life is in immediate danger please call 000 for police or ambulance.
By using Lifeline Crisis Support Services, you agree to the Terms and Conditions described below.
The Lifeline Crisis Support service is being delivered by a team of experienced, trained, Lifeline Crisis Supporters Supervisors and is provided for residents of Australia only.
The aim of the crisis support service is to provide immediate, accessible, short-term help to people needing support to deal with current problems that are overwhelming their capacity to cope and may be threatening their safety.  The crisis support service helps people in crisis, whatever that crisis may be, find immediate relief from emotional distress, explore coping strategies for the current crisis, safely manage any immediate threats to life or safety, provide suggestions for online resources/ information, open pathways for longer-term solutions to underlying issues or preventative measures, and focus specific next steps for ongoing support.  The crisis support service seeks to achieve these aims by supportively engaging in an empathic, collaborative, non-judgmental, and empowering process.
The crisis support service does not provide medical advice, diagnosis, prescription of medications, or treatment of any conditions. Our service is not a substitute or alternative to professional health care and advice based on your unique circumstances, and you should not disregard professional advice, or delay seeking it, because of any information or guidance from our service.  Lifeline does not accept any liability (including for negligence) for any injury, loss, or damage incurred by use of or reliance on the information and guidance provided.
Lifeline securely stores transcripts of text and online chat interactions. De-identified transcripts may be used for the purposes of training, clinical supervision, and evaluation.
For important information regarding access to your personal information, and further information about how we treat your personal information please refer to our privacy policy that can be found under Privacy Policy.
In situations where Lifeline personnel believe that life is in immediate danger, Lifeline has a duty of care to contact emergency services. In these circumstances, Lifeline will disclose any identifiable and relevant information obtained during the text conversation to emergency services.
Website terms of use
Important note: If life is in immediate danger please call 000 for police or ambulance
Purpose and effect of Terms of Use
By using the Lifeline Australia Limited (we, us, our) website and website services you agree to these Terms of Use.
We may change the Terms of Use by making the revised terms available on this website.  By continuing to use our website you accept the Terms of Use as they apply from time to time.
It is intended that these Terms of Use will be legally binding on you and us, and governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia.
Our website and website services
Our website and services are provided for the use of residents of Australia only.
Please note that our Service terms of use form part of these Terms of Use and also apply to your use of our website services, including 'Text Us' and 'Chat with us'.
Our 'Text Us' and 'Chat with us' services aim to provide immediate, accessible, short-term help to people needing support to deal with current problems that are overwhelming their capacity to cope and may be threatening their safety.
While we take reasonable care in the provision of our services, we do not guarantee continuous and uninterrupted access to our website and services. If you experience difficulty in accessing 'Text Us' or 'Chat with us', you may access our 24/7 crisis support service by calling 13 11 14.
Reliance on information and disclaimer
While we take reasonable care, and implement quality assurance protocols, to ensure that the information and services we provide are relevant, helpful and responsive, please note that:
the information on our website is intended for your general information and use only and we do not warrant the information is complete, accurate and up to date;
our website and services do not provide medical advice, diagnosis, prescription of medications, or treatment of any conditions;
our website and services are not a substitute or alternative to professional health care and advice based on your unique circumstances; and
you should not disregard professional advice, or delay seeking it, because of any information or guidance from our website or services.
On this basis, to the extent permitted by law:
we exclude all statutory and general law warranties and guarantees in relation to our website and website services;
we disclaim all liability (including for negligence) for any injury, loss or damage incurred by you arising out of your use and reliance on the information and guidance provided through our website and website services; and
our liability for failure to comply with any applicable (and non-excludable) guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law is limited to supplying the services again or paying the cost of having the services supplied again.
Copyright and trademarks
All material on this website (including its design, layout, text, and images) is subject to copyright owned by (or licensed to) us.
We are happy for you to reproduce this material for personal and non-commercial purposes, provided the reproduction is unaltered and an attribution of source is included.  Any other use of this material requires our written consent.
This website contains trade marks belong to us and third parties.  You may not display or use these trade marks in any manner without the prior consent of the trade mark owner.
Links to other websites and third party content
This website contains links to, or content from, third party websites.  These are provided for your convenience only.  We do not control third party websites and are not responsible for their content.  We do not specifically endorse any organisation or content, and views or recommendations provided do not necessarily reflect our views.  It is your responsibility to make your own decisions about the currency, completeness, accuracy of this information.  We do not warrant that material on other sites does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any other person.
Privacy, security and viruses
We take our obligations to protect your personal information seriously, please see our Privacy Policy
However, please note that the internet is an insecure public network which means there are risks that information sent to or from our website services may be intercepted, corrupted or modified by third parties.  In addition, it is possible that files and transmissions through our website services may contain computer viruses, disabling codes, worms or other devices or defects.
You bear the risks and responsibility for any loss or damage caused, directly or indirectly, by these risks.  We do not accept any liability for any interference with or damage to your computer system, device, software or data occurring in connection with your use of our website and website services.
Cookies
When you interact with us through this website, we may use a feature of your browser called a cookie to assign your computer a ‘User ID’. Cookies do not contain information by which we can identify you. They identify your computer to our servers. We may use information contained in cookies to improve the functionality of this website and for security purposes. You may configure your browser so that you are notified before a cookie is downloaded or so that your browser does not accept cookies (please refer to the help menu within your Internet browser).
Jurisdiction
Lifeline crisis support services are for people living in Australia only.
Contact costs
Most calls to 13 11 14 from a landline will be charged at the cost of a local call. Additional charges may apply for some home phone plans. Calls to 13 11 14 from mobiles are free, this includes prepaid and post-paid customers.  For more information on call costs please contact your telephone provider.
Accessibility
Lifeline crisis support is available to everyone in Australia, please see below for our policy.  You will also find links to language support services.
Accessibility
Lifeline Australia's website has been developed to ensure content is available to the widest possible audience, including readers using assistive technology or accessibility features. If there is information on this website that you cannot access, please contact us.
We aim to meet Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1. Meeting these guidelines improves accessibility and your experience.
We have implemented a variety of techniques to ensure our compliance with accessibility standards, such as:
• Web pages have titles that describe topic or purpose.
• We provided text alternatives for any non-text content.
• The visual presentation of the majority of text and images of text has a contrast ratio of at least 4.5:1.
• Text can be resized without assistive technology.
• All functionality of the content is operable through a keyboard interface.
• A mechanism is available to bypass blocks of content that are repeated on multiple Web pages.
• Web pages do not contain anything that flashes more than three times in any one second period, or the flash is below the general flash and red flash thresholds.
• In content implemented using markup languages, elements have complete start and end tags, elements are nested according to their specifications, elements do not contain duplicate attributes, and any IDs are unique, except where the specifications allow these features.
This website was assessed for accessibility by an external expert evaluation and is partially conformant with WCAG 2.1 level AA. Partially conformant means that some parts of the content do not yet fully conform to full AA accessibility standard.
We are working to address this and will update this page as enhancements are released.
Accessing Lifeline in languages other than English
For instructions on how to access Lifeline crisis support through using the Translating and Interpreting Service (TIS) or the National Relay Service (NRS) please follow this link.
Language support
Chat FAQ's
If you are having problems connecting to the Lifeline Chat crisis support, please see the FAQ's below.
Service FAQ's - online chat
Why does my chat keep dropping out and why do I have to sign in again?
The most common reason for this is the use of mobile devices (eg. Phone, Tablet). Some strategies to make chatting easier while using mobile devices have been listed below:
Your internet connection/reception matters, as this will guarantee better connectivity to the Internet. You could try moving to an area of the house that has better reception (eg. closer to the router or perhaps closer to the window)
Mobile phones/ iPads will automatically adjust mobile signal power to use the least amount of battery power as possible. If possible, ensure you are plugged into a charger whilst using your device.
Since online crisis support is run through an Internet browser, try shutting down any unused applications to free up some memory/processing power on your device.
One of the common causes of a slow device, is that it has been running for a long time. A quick restart of the device may help.
Our recommendations are:
Use a personal and secure wifi network to connect to the Internet
Connect to Online Crisis Support Chat from an area with higher quality mobile phone reception
Install the latest security & system updates on your device (Android/iOS/PC/Mac)
Browser Requirements
The Online Crisis Support Chat supports the following browsers:
The following will be required to run this service on your device:
Javascript
cookies
I am unable to join the Online Crisis Support chat on an Apple Mac desktop or laptop (Firefox/Chrome/Safari)
If you see the following on your desktop/laptop Mac:
Ensure that under the Show scroll bars section (System Settings > General) any of these options are selected:
When scrolling
Always
The survey should now appear correctly with the scroll bars:
VPN Connectivity
Connecting through a VPN service might inhibit the chat service from being accessible for your device.
Our recommendation would be not to access the service through a VPN.
Please be aware that your communication with our service is encrypted, regardless of you using a VPN or not.
Social Media Policy
This policy provides all Lifeline employees, volunteers, and supporters with the corporate requirements and guidance to practically apply, develop and manage any Lifeline website and/or social media channels.
Social Media Policy
Social Media Policy