https://www.mwbi.org/privacy
Go!
Toggle main menu visibility
About Us
How we work
Where we work
Albania
Bosnia Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Moldova
Romania
Ukraine
Who we help
Our history
Annual Report
Quality Standards
Vacancies
Get Involved
Sponsor a Family
Sponsor a Child
Pray for our work
60th Anniversary
Contact
Mission Without Borders International is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Mission Without Borders International site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Mission Without Borders International site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Mission Without Borders International collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Mission Without Borders International also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Mission Without Borders International. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by Mission Without Borders International for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Mission Without Borders International site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Mission Without Borders International public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Mission Without Borders International
does not read any of your private online communications.
Mission Without Borders International encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Mission Without Borders International so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Mission Without Borders International is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Mission Without Borders International
and Mission Without Borders International family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Mission Without Borders International collects and uses your personal information to operate the Mission Without Borders International
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Mission Without Borders International also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Mission Without Borders International and its affiliates. Mission Without Borders International may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Mission Without Borders International does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Mission Without Borders International may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Mission Without Borders International
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Mission Without Borders International, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Mission Without Borders International does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Mission Without Borders International keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Mission Without Borders International, in order to determine what Mission Without Borders International services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Mission Without Borders International to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Mission Without Borders International Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Mission Without Borders International or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Mission Without Borders International; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Mission Without Borders International, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Mission Without Borders International Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Mission Without Borders International pages, or
register with Mission Without Borders International site or services, a cookie helps Mission Without Borders International
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Mission Without Borders International Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Mission Without Borders International
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Mission Without Borders International services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Mission Without Borders International secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Mission Without Borders International secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Mission Without Borders International will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Mission Without Borders International encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Mission Without Borders International is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Mission Without Borders International welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Mission Without Borders International has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Mission Without Borders International at website@www.mwbi.org.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.