http://www.stopmountaintopremoval.org/site_info/privacy
Skip to main content
We can’t buy a new planet.
But we can fight for the one we have.
Join today, and double your impact!
$
2X Match
Search form
Search
We are the premier nonprofit environmental law organization. Earthjustice fights for as long as it takes to defend our wild places, our communities and our future.
We are here because the earth needs a good lawyer. Invest in a healthy environment for all.
The Wild
Earthjustice uses the law to preserve a rich, sustainable and diverse natural heritage for current and future generations. We select cases that will protect endangered species, sensitive habitats and threatened wildlands; reduce human impacts on ecosystems; and hold accountable those who damage them. Learn more.
Focus Areas
The Arctic
The Ocean Ecosystem
Wild Lands
Wildlife
Recent News
Montana Supreme Court Deals Final Blow to Mining Plan Near Yellowstone
Montana Supreme Court Rejects Lucky Mineral’s Last Bid to Mine Near Yellowstone
Discovery Motion Granted in Fish & Wildlife Service’s San Pedro River Policy Reversal
Alaska’s Bristol Bay & The Pebble Mine
Hawai‘i Court Rules Commercial Aquarium Collection Without Environmental Review Illegal
Healthy Communities
Since our founding, Earthjustice has been at the forefront of safeguarding the fundamentals of human health—the air we breathe, the food we eat and the water we drink.We are fighting for a future where children can breathe clean air, no matter where they live; where the food we feed our families and the products we use in our homes are free of toxic chemicals; and where communities everywhere are safer, healthier places to live and work. Learn more.
Focus Areas
Clean Air
Clean Water
Pesticides and Toxic Chemicals
Recent News
Bay Mills Applauds Agency Recognition that Easement Revocation is a “Fundamental Change” to Contested Pipeline Case
EPA Fumbles New Restrictions on Pesticide Linked to Brain Damage
Bay Mills Indian Community Calls on Army Corps to Deny Federal Permits
New York Adopts Strongest-in-Nation Ban on PFAS in Food Packaging
Federal Court Rejects Permits for Kalama Methanol Refinery
Clean Energy and a Stable Climate
Earthjustice is committed to ending the nation’s reliance on fossil fuels and working to secure a clean energy future. Climate change is the single greatest environmental threat facing the world today. Learn more.
We can solve our climate crisis by moving urgently to zero emissions and 100% clean energy.
Earthjustice is advancing bold and equitable solutions to the climate crisis. Zero to 100 explains how our legal work, alongside our clients and partners, is bringing about a swift and just transition to zero carbon emissions and 100% clean energy.
See the solutions
Learn more about our climate and energy work:
Clean Energy
Climate Change
Coal
Oil and Gas
Recent News
Judge Rejects US Department of Justice Opposition to Millions in Investments for Vulnerable Communities in Southeast Michigan
An Open Letter on DAPL
Federal Court Rejects Permits for Kalama Methanol Refinery
Regional Haze Plan Calls for Earlier Retirement for Colorado Coal-Fired Power Plants
What the 2020 election means for the environment
“He sort of MacGyvered the system.”– Jessica EnnisEarthjustice legislative representative, on David Brosch's work to bring solar power to his Maryland neighborhood.
The Stories to Read On Climate Change
The Fight for Climate Action Continues as the U.S. Withdraws from Paris Agreement
Statement from Earthjustice on Hurricane Delta
What You Need To Know This Week
Earthjustice Welcomes Adam Cohen to Board of Trustees
Bay Mills Applauds Agency Recognition that Easement Revocation is a “Fundamental Change” to Contested Pipeline Case
Montana Supreme Court Deals Final Blow to Mining Plan Near Yellowstone