http://www.air1.com/policies/terms-of-use
LISTEN
Music
Music
Artists
Songs & Lyrics
Music Blog
Listen Online
Find a Station
Listen Anywhere
Become an Air1 Influencer
DJs
DJs
Dan & Michelle
Lee
Mandy
Ashton
Careth
Faith
Verse of the Day
Faith Blog
Pastors
Request Prayer
Pray for Others
Share Your Story
59 Seconds of Hope
Contests
Contests
Rules
Text Clubs
Events
Events
Dare To Dream
Hits Deep Tour 2021
Submit Event
News
Trending News
Closer Look
About Us
Mission, Beliefs & Values
Contact Us
Help
Ways To Give
Why Give?
Careers
Leadership
Finances
Sign In
DONATE
LISTEN LIVE
Let The Light In
Kari Jobe
Recently Played
Station Finder
Created March 2015
Educational Media Foundation (“EMF”) is pleased to provide to you its
sites, software, applications, content, products and services (“AIR1
Services”). These terms and conditions apply to your use of the AIR1
Services (“Terms”). YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS BEFORE USING THE
AIR1 SERVICES.
Contract between You and Us
This is a contract between you and EMF. These Terms describe the limited
basis on which the AIR1 Services are available and supersede prior
agreements or arrangements. Your use of the AIR1 Services constitutes
acceptance of these terms.
Supplemental terms and conditions may apply to some AIR1 Services, such as
rules for a particular competition, service or other activity. Any
supplemental terms and conditions are in addition to these Terms and, in
the event of a conflict, the supplemental terms will control.
We may amend these Terms at any time. An amendment will be effective thirty
(30) days following posting of the amendment on the AIR1 Services.
Continued use of the AIR1 Services after amendment of the Terms constitutes
acceptance of the Amended Terms.
The AIR1 Services
The AIR1 Services are for your personal, noncommercial use and are intended
for informational and entertainment purposes only. We may add to, subtract
from or eliminate any part of the KLOVE Services and we may terminate an
individual’s use of the AIR1 Services at any time for any reason or for no
reason at all.
The AIR1 Services are copyrighted and subject to protection under
applicable intellectual property laws including laws applicable to
copyright, trademarks and servicemarks. No element of the AIR1 Services may
be used or exploited in any way other than as part of the AIR1 Services
offered to you. You may own the physical media on which elements of the
AIR1 Services are delivered to you, but we retain full and complete
ownership of the AIR1 Services. We do not transfer title to any portion of
the AIR1 Services to you.
Content and License
If an AIR1 Service is configured to enable the use of software, content,
virtual items or other materials owned or licensed by us, we grant you a
limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to
access and use such software, content, virtual item or other material for
your personal, noncommercial use only.
You agree not to knowingly or recklessly introduce a virus or other harmful
component, or otherwise tamper with, impair or damage any AIR1 Service or
connected network, or interfere with any person or entity’s use or
enjoyment of any AIR1 Service.
You may not circumvent or disable any content protection system or digital
rights management technology used with any AIR1 Service; decompile, reverse
engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce any AIR1 Service to a
human-readable form; remove identification, copyright or other proprietary
notices; or access or use any AIR1 Service in an unlawful or unauthorized
manner. By acquiring services, content or software through the AIR1
Services, you represent and warrant that your access to and use of the
services, content or software will comply with those requirements.
If you register with any AIR1 Service, the username and password you
receive upon registration is an individual, nontransferable license to
utilize the AIR1 Service. Keep this information private and do not allow
others to access the AIR1 Service under your name or in violation of these
Terms. EMF reserves the right at all times to monitor the use of the AIR1
Service to ensure compliance with these Terms and also reserves the right
to refuse registration to any individual or entity for any reason or for no
reason.
User Generated Content
Certain of the AIR1 Services may allow you to submit content (“User
Generated Content”) which may be accessible and viewable by the public.
Access to these features may be subject to age restrictions. You may not
submit or upload User Generated Content that is defamatory, harassing,
threatening, bigoted, hateful, violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, or
otherwise offensive or that harms or can reasonably be expected to harm any
person or entity, whether or not such material is protected by law.
We do not claim ownership to your User Generated Content; however, you
grant us a non-exclusive, sublicensable, irrevocable and royalty-free
worldwide perpetual license to use, reproduce, transmit, print, publish,
publicly display, exhibit, distribute, redistribute, copy, index, comment
on, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works based upon, publicly
perform, make available and otherwise exploit such User Generated Content,
in whole or in part, in all media formats and channels now known or
hereafter devised (including in connection with the AIR1 Services and on
third-party sites and platforms such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter), in
any number of copies and without limit as to the manner and frequency of
use, without further notice to you, with or without attribution, and
without the requirement of permission from or payment to you or any other
person or entity.
You represent and warrant that your User Generated Content conforms to
these Terms and that you own or have the necessary rights and permissions,
without the need for payment to any other person or entity, to use and
exploit, and to authorize us to use and exploit, your User Generated
Content in all manners contemplated by these Terms. You agree to indemnify
and hold EMF, our subsidiary and affiliated companies, and each of their
respective employees and officers, harmless from any demands, loss,
liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against us
by any third party arising out of or in connection with our use and
exploitation of your User Generated Content. You also agree not to enforce
any moral rights, ancillary rights or similar rights in or to the User
Generated Content against us or our licensees, distributors, agents,
representatives and other authorized users, and agree to procure the same
agreement not to enforce from others who may possess such rights.
To the extent that we authorize you to create, post, upload, distribute,
publicly display or publicly perform User Generated Content that requires
the use of our copyrighted works, we grant you a non-exclusive license to
create a derivative work using our copyrighted works to the extent required
for the purpose of creating the materials, provided that such license shall
be conditioned upon your assignment to us of all rights in the work you
create. If such rights are not assigned to us, your license to create
derivative works using our copyrighted works shall be null and void.
We have the right but not the obligation to monitor, screen, post, remove,
modify, store and review User Generated Content or communications sent
through a AIR1 Service, at any time without notice to you and for any
reason, including to ensure that the User Generated Content or
communication conforms to these Terms. We do not endorse the opinions,
views, advice or recommendations that might be contained in User Generated
Content.
Disclaimer of Warranty
THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS ON THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS
AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
Limitation of Liability
NEITHER EMF NOR ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES, SHALL BE
LIABLE FOR INJURY, LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING IN ANY WAY FROM THE
USE OF KLOVE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT INFORMATION, ERRORS, OMISSIONS,
DEFECTS, COMPUTER VIRUSES, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, SECURITY BREACH,
UNAVAILABILITY OF SERVICES, DELAY OR FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, OR ANY OTHER
POSSIBLE OCCURRENCE WITH RESPECT TO AIR1 SERVICES.
Miscellaneous
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of California, U.S.A.
Any suit involving any dispute or matter arising under these Terms may only
be brought in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
California or any state court sitting in Placer County, California having
jurisdiction over the subject matter of the dispute or matter. You hereby
consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction by any such court with
respect to any such proceeding.
In any mediation, arbitration, suit or other action arising out of or in
connection with any of the Terms, covenants or provisions of these Terms,
you agree that all attorneys' fees, costs and any other expenses incurred
or accrued directly or indirectly in connection therewith shall be paid by
the party who is (or the parties who are) found by the arbitrator or court
to have breached these Terms in addition to any equitable relief or damages
and/or costs awarded at law; provided that if more than one party is found
to have breached these Terms, the court shall award all such attorneys'
fees, costs and expenses to the party who is found to be the least at
fault.
These Terms incorporate by reference the Privacy Policy and any notices
contained on this AIR1 Service and together govern your use of the AIR1
Services. If any provision of these Terms is determined to be unlawful,
unenforceable, or invalid, such provision shall be enforced to the full
extent allowed by law and severed from these Terms without affecting the
validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
No waiver of any provision of these Terms by us shall be deemed a further
or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision, and our
failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not
constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Any violation of the provisions contained herein may result in the
suspension or termination of a user's right to utilize the AIR1 Services.
Educational Media Foundation further retains the right to seek additional
remedies, including but not limited to civil or criminal penalties, for any
violation of these Terms.
Contact Educational Media Foundation at webmaster@air1.com with any
questions regarding these Terms. All notices or inquiries made to
Educational Media Foundation shall be delivered by: (a) first class,
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; (b) express
delivery by a recognized national carrier or express delivery service, cost
being prepaid; or (c) personally hand delivered, dated receipt obtained.
The effective date of such notice shall be deemed to be the date of sending
such certified mail or express delivery, or the actual date of hand
delivery, as the case may be. Notice by mail or express delivery shall be
addressed as follows:
Educational Media Foundation
AIR1 Webmaster
5700 West Oaks Boulevard
Rocklin, CA 95765
Do you love Air1? Sign up for music updates!
Sign Up for Air1 Music Emails
Sign Up
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram
LinkedIn
Radio Apps
Music
Listen Online
Recently Played Songs
Find a Station
Listen Anywhere
Become an Air1 Influencer
Faith
Verse of the Day
Submit a Prayer Request
Contests and Events
Regional Contests
Rules
Text Clubs
About Us
Contact Us
Help
Careers
Finances
Public Files
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Exercise Your Rights Section
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Air1 is a 501(c)3 and all donations are tax deductible. Employer ID Number: 94-2816342
© 2020 Educational Media Foundation, All rights reserved
YOU ARE LEAVING AIR1.COM
×
If you click on "Continue", you will be directed to a third-party's site. To remain on our site, click "Cancel".
Cancel
Continue
Close
Hours
:
Minutes
:
Seconds
TO HELP FUND THE NEW AIR1!
Give your $30/month gift to keep worship on the NEW Air1!
Give Now!