http://www.holysocks.co.uk/privacy-policy
Holy Socks is the trading name of Margaret Wyllie and is based at 68 Queen Street Newton Stewart, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland DG8 6JLwww.holysocks.co.uk  Phone no. 01671 404043   Mobile  07918 18 45 39 HOLY SOCKS PRIVACY POLICYI  understand and respect the importance of your privacy and am committed to safeguarding your personal information. In providing our service to you sometimes we need to collect personal information – below you can read how we treat your personal data connected to or collected from emails, website, telephone, or  face to face at exhibitions.What and how do we collect information?We may collect all or some of the following information:* Name and/or contact/address details including postal address, telephone number and email address.* Debit/credit card payment details.Information is collected to allow us  to process your order for Holy Socks products, and/or send information by email or post.   Data may be collected when buying a product from us, in order to receive our e-newsletters and/or information by email or post,  telephone, post or face to face at exhibitions. .What do we do with your information?We will use your name, email and/or postal address and/or telephone number to keep in touch with you or fulfill your orders for Holy Socks products  (including debit/credit card details to complete payment with us).In order to complete payment, we may have to disclose some or all of your information to the providers of the payment (debit/credit card) services.  Other than that, we will not share, sell, or disclose your personal data with any other party.   Email Newsletter policyIf you have opted in to our occasional newsletters we will store your email address with our email provider.  You can opt out of this at any time by clicking the "Unsubscribe" button on the newsletter, by emailing us at info@holysocks.co.uk or by phoning 01671 404043.  Your data will be removed immediately if you choose the unsubscribe button and within 14 days by phone or email.  Your rightsYou can exercise any of the following rights by contacting us at info@holysocks.co.ukYour rights in relation to your personal information are: you have a right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you by making a “subject access request”;if you believe that any of the personal information that we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you have a right to request that we correct or complete such personal information;you have a right to object to or request that we restrict the processing of the personal information that we hold about you for specific purposes;if you wish us to delete the personal information that we hold about you, you may request that we do so;If you wish to exercise any of your rights above, this can be obtained by contacting us at: Information provided within this Privacy Policy and statement is correct as of May 23rd. 2018.