https://www.toronto.anglican.ca/parish-administration/sexual-misconduct-policy
Accessibility Skip to:
Accessibility Instructions
Main Content
Main Menu
Contact Us
Text size
+A
-A
100%
High Contrast Mode
History:
You are here: The Diocese of Toronto>Parish Administration>Sexual Misconduct Policy
AccessibilityHide
Archives
Information for Parishes
Parish Registers
Financial and Business Records
Parochial Records
Electronic Records
Information for Researchers
Personal Records
Genealogy
Academic Research
Emergency Planning
Finance
Annual Returns
Insurance
Facility Rentals & One-time Events
Lease Agreements
Claims Reporting and Assistance
Risk Management
Investments
Parish Finance Manual
Treasurers’ Info
Health & Safety
Health & Safety Training
Workplace Violence and Harassment
Resources
Human Resources for Clergy
Liturgical Standards and Resources
Human Resources Manual
Selecting a New Incumbent
Vacancies & Calls
Clergy Application Resource
New to the Diocese
Momentum
Fresh Start
Remuneration and Benefits
Benefits
Part-Time Clergy
Professional Development
Accessing Funds
FAQ
Wellness
Clergy Assistance Program
Retreat Centres
Leaves
Retirement
Benefits
For Retirees
Discretionary Medical and Dental Grant
Human Resources for Parishes
AODA for Parishes
Parish Human Resources Manual
Additional Resources for Parishes
Parish Staff Compensation
Supervising Staff
Hiring Staff
Interview Guide
Selection Errors
Reference Checks
Job Descriptions
Employee v. Contractor
Employment Agreements
Independent Contractor Agreement
Performance Reviews
Giving Feedback
Selecting a New Incumbent
FAQs
Parish Leadership
Parish Leaders’ Manual
Workshops
Q&A’s from the Workshops
Privacy
Property Resources
Facility Rentals
License Agreement
Lease Agreement
Parking Spaces/Lots
Insurance
Church Property
Consecration
Buying and selling church property
Cemeteries
Building Inspections & Maintenance
Rectories
Renovations/Capital Improvements
Memorial Gifts
Greening Initiatives
Screening
Theological Foundation
Screening Process
Planning
Assessing Risk
Implementing Standards
Police Record Checks
FAQs
Making the Decision
Ongoing Review
Ministry Descriptions
Workshops
Forms and Resources
FAQ
Sexual Misconduct Policy
Sexual Misconduct Policy Training
Parish Workshop Kit
Training Videos
Visual Identity
Forms
Grants & Funding
Baker Grants
Carleton Grants
Ferguson Grants
MAF: Real Estate
MAF: Congregational Growth
MAF: New Forms of Ministry
MAF: New Hope
Reach Grants
Stretch Grants
York Rectors Fund
Area Ministry Grants
Anglican Foundation of Canada
Bishop’s Company
Policies & Guidelines
The Diocese of Toronto is committed to ensuring that clergy and those responsible for liturgical, pastoral, education or recreational activities maintain the highest ethical standards of mutual respect, responsibility and caring, as well as modeling wholeness and healthy sexuality in all their relationships with those for whom they have responsibility.
The Diocese has addressed this commitment in the following ways:
Sexual Misconduct Policy (also available split into the policy and the procedures)
Appointment of a Canon Pastor who is responsible for handling complaints and investigations.
Responsible Ministry: Screening in Faith policy and program
Sexual Misconduct Policy Parish Workshop Kit, including a Policy Brochure
Sexual Misconduct Policy Training Videos
The policy applies to every bishop, priest, deacon or lay person under the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Toronto. Adherence to the policy is mandatory. All clergy, employed staff members and volunteers of the Diocese, its parishes and agencies, are expected to be familiar with the policy, consent to it and abide by it.
Exploitation of trust through sexual activity, touching for sexual purposes, or the suggestion or depiction of any such activity, will not be tolerated, and is to be reported to the Diocesan Canon Pastor, the Rev. Canon John Anderson at his confidential telephone number, 416-807-2494 or toll-free at 1-844-807-2494.
What is sexual misconduct?
Sexual harassment is vexatious comments or conduct that is known, or ought reasonably to be known, as unwelcome. It is behaviour that has the effect of undermining, coercing intimidating, humiliating or demeaning someone on the basis of sex. It may have the effect of creating a workplace or ministry that is hostile or offensive. It can occur in or outside the office or church building and is not limited to work or ministry related activity.
Sexual exploitation is taking advantage of the vulnerability of an adult where there is a fiduciary or pastoral relationship. It includes any form of sexual contact or invitation to sexual contact with an adult by a professional, a member of clergy or anyone in a position of power, whether or not there is consent.
Sexual assault includes sexual offences as defined in the Criminal Code of Canada and sexual abuse of children as defined in the Ontario Child and Family Services Act.
What should I do if I think I have been subjected to, or suspect sexual harassment or exploitation?
If you believe you suspect sexual misconduct or have been sexually harassed or exploited, you can make a complaint to the Canon Pastor (the Diocesan official responsible for the sexual misconduct policy).  The Canon Pastor is also available to answer questions and help determine if sexual misconduct has occurred.
Suspected child abuse must be reported to a Children’s Aid Society. There is a special obligation on clergy and professionals to report child abuse.
For sexual harassment there are three alternative courses of action that may be followed:
It is possible, on the agreement of both the complainant and the respondent, to attempt to resolve the problem through an informal process facilitated by a Diocesan resource person.
It is also possible for the Diocese to refer the matter to mediation. Again this happens only if both parties consent.
The third option is a formal process with an investigation.
In all cases, support persons are offered to each of the parties involved.
The final decision on complaints is made by the Diocesan Bishop.
The Diocesan Response Team can help guide parishes affected by a complaint of sexual misconduct.
Who do I call for help or information?
If you have questions about the Diocesan Sexual Misconduct Policy, you can contact the Canon Pastor, the Rev. Canon John Anderson, Tel. 416-807-2494 or toll-free  1-844-807-2494.
If the concern is about child abuse, call the Children’s Aid Society:
Ontario Association of Children’s Aid’s Societies: 416-987-7725
Durham Region: 905-433-1551
Halton: 905-333-4441 or 1-866-607-5437
Kawartha-Haliburton: 705-743-9751 or 1-800-661-2843
Muskoka: 705-645-4426 or 1-800-680-4426 (Huntsville 705-789-8866)
Northumberland: 905-372-1821 or 1-800-263-7902
Peel Region: 905-363-6131 or 1-888-700-0996
Toronto: 416-924-4646
York Region: 905-895-2318 or 1-800-718-3850
If the matter concerns a possible offence under the Criminal Code, call the Police.
For information on the Responsible Ministry: Screening in Faith program, please review the Screening section of the web site or contact the Human Resources Manager, 416-363-6021 ext. 241 (1-800-668-8932).