http://www.childadvocates.org/privacy-policy
Careers Contact Us Staff / CAA
Volunteer
Court Appointed Special Advocates
Special Events Volunteers
Friends of Child Advocates
Young Professionals for Children
Ways to Give
Give as an Individual
Corporate Donations
Foundation Giving
Planned Giving
Community Partners
Other Ways to Give
Calendar
Annual Events
Angel of Hope
Childspree
Drive for Kids
Pull for Kids Classic
Houston Children’s Festival
Santa's Wish List
Superhero Run
Volunteer Appreciation Event
About Us
What We Do
From our CEO
Publications
Frequently Asked Questions
Our Board and Key Staff
Blog
GIVE
Child Advocates Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our privacy statement is as follows:
Child Advocates, Inc. will not trade, share, sell, or lease our donor’s personal information to third parties, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations unless the donor has given specific permission to do so.  This policy applies to all information received by Child Advocates, Inc., both online and offline, including our website and mobile applications, as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications.  To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Opt Out:  If Child Advocates, Inc. receives your personal information you may receive e-mails, mailings, information, and promotions from, or on behalf of, Child Advocates, Inc. If at any point you no longer would like to receive this information, please notify us of your wishes by emailing us at development@childadvocates.org, mailing us a letter, or calling 713.529.1396 ext 241.
The Information We Collect
Child Advocates, Inc. will ask for your personal information when you register with us to make an online donation. During this process, Child Advocates, Inc. asks for your name, address, city, state, zip code, phone, and email.
We will store that information in our database to add you to our mailing list so that we can send you information about Child Advocates, Inc.
Typically, the mailing list would be used initially for recruitment or fundraising events and programs that benefit and support the mission of Child Advocates, Inc. If you do not wish to receive such solicitations or notices, you will need to inform us separately that you do not wish to receive such information. In addition, if you contact Child Advocates, Inc., we may keep a record of that correspondence. If at any time, you no longer wish to receive e-mails from Child Advocates, Inc., please let us know.
Our Commitment to Security
Child Advocates, Inc. operates secure data networks protected by industry-standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our users.
To protect your information off-line, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you online.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, no website operator is permitted to require a child under the age of 13 to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity as a condition of participation.
Child Advocates, Inc. therefore does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from children under 13.
Correcting Your Information
If your personal information changes (such as your address) please contact us at 713-529-1396, ext. 0.
Links
Our website contains links to other organizations and corporations who support Child Advocates, Inc. We therefore encourage you to be aware and to read the privacy statements of each of these other websites. This privacy statement only applies to the Child Advocates, Inc. website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or want us to remove your personal information, please contact our web administrator.
Latest Post
Thursday, November 12, 2020
Child Advocates Receives a Grant From the Texas Bar Foundation
Tuesday, November 10, 2020
Julie Gremillion: October Volunteer of the Month
Thursday, October 15, 2020
Jennifer Daly: September Volunteer of the Month
Upcoming Events
Friday, December 11, 2020
ONLINE ORIENTATION - December
Saturday, December 12, 2020
ONLINE ORIENTATION - December
Sunday, December 13, 2020
ONLINE ORIENTATION - December
ON INSTAGRAM @CHILD ADVOCATES
REQUEST A COURT APPOINTED ADVOCATE
You may put in a request of a court appointed advocate for any child/children currently in the temporary managing conservatorship of Harris County DFPS.
find out more
REPORT ABUSE
To report child abuse, neglect or abandonment, contact the Texas Abuse and Neglect Hotline.
www.txabusehotline.org
1.800.252.5400
REQUEST A SPEAKER
Is your company or organization looking for more information on Child Advocates? Let us know and we are happy to come to you and share our mission and stories.
find out more
© 2020. CHILD ADVOCATES, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
Child Advocates Inc.
3701 Kirby Drive, Suite 400
Houston, Texas 77098
713.529.1396 phone
713.529.1390 fax
Website Design & Development by Digital Function
Built with Kalibrate CMS .NET Framework