http://www.theportico.ca/privacy
I'm New
Connect
Grow
Serve
About
Message
Donate
Privacy Policy At PORTICO Community Church, we are committed to respecting the privacy of our website visitors. We do use information you provide to serve you, but recognize that this information belongs to you. Our privacy policy applies to all websites on the World Wide Web, owned and operated by PORTICO Community Church.Use of Personal and Non-Personal InformationWe collect two kinds of information about our online visitors: personal and non-personal.Personal information which can identify a visitor, such as name, address or contact information, is collected only when voluntarily offered and used solely for purposes that are clearly identified on our websites. Access to pages with content specific to a ministry area and/or its constituents is password protected and requires registration. Personal information acquired through registration is kept confidential and will not be disclosed to third parties except as may be required by law.Visitors are not required to register to access the public pages of our websites. In our effort to improve our websites, we may monitor browser type and operating system being used by our visitors; areas of the websites visited; host or service-provider information; and identification of the referring website. This information is used for our internal purposes and is not disclosed to any non-affiliated third parties.Use of "Cookies"PORTICO Community Church may place an electronic "cookie" in browser files of a visitor's computer. Cookies themselves do not enable us to access any personal information about our visitors; however, they do allow PORTICO Community Church to analyze visitor's use of our websites and to improve the user experience. This analysis helps us better understand which areas of our websites are most useful and popular so we can plan improvements and updates accordingly.Use of AnalyticsPORTICO Community Church may use tools like Google Analytics to help gather details about usage of our websites. For more information, please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.Internet CommunicationThe privacy of communication over the Internet cannot be guaranteed, as the Internet is not a secure medium. PORTICO Community Church does not assume any responsibility for any harm, loss or damage you may experience or incur by the sending of personal or confidential information over the Internet by or to PORTICO Community Church.ConsentBy using this website, you signify your consent to PORTICO Community Church's privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this website. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy without notification. Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted on this website. Published January 2015