https://www.communityfoundation.ie/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Website Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website.
The Community Foundation for Ireland Privacy Statement can be found here http://www.communityfoundation.ie/governance/policies-practices/privacy-statement
We know that privacy is important, and we make protecting it a top priority. We do not sell rent, loan, or otherwise share any information about them. We respect your right to privacy and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal data that you volunteer, if retained, will be held on secure servers. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your personal data.
Collection and use of personal data
Personal data is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and may include, for example, your name, address or e-mail address. We do not collect any personal data about you from this website, apart from information that you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us, signing up for our newsletters or downloading and forwarding us our on-line forms).
This personal data that you volunteer to us will be processed for the following purposes:
a) To contact you in relation to on-line applications for grants;
b) To contact you in response to communications you might send us;
c) To provide you with the information or  service  that you have requested.
d) To send you email alerts and newsletters that you have opted-in to receive by filling in our online forms or contacting us by email or by other means. We also provide the facility to opt-out of receiving such communication on the site and within each such email we send you.
We will not disclose your personal data unless you have consented to this disclosure.
You may inform us of any changes in your personal data and, in accordance with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which came into effect on 25th May 2018 we will update or delete your personal data accordingly.
You have the right to request a copy of any personal data held by us about you. You also have the right to have such data corrected where it is inaccurate or misleading.
To find out what personal data we hold on you or to have your personal data updated, amended or removed from our files, please e-mail us at info@foundation.ie. Under the DPA such a request may requires proof of your identity.
Collection and use of non-personal data
Like most websites, we gather statistical and analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This non-personal data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as:
Visitor’s country of origin
The previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used.
Clickstream data, which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)
The IP address of a visitor to our website is recorded as part of this statistical data. However, no attempt whatsoever is made to link this IP address to any other information that may allow us to identify any individual visiting our site. We only use the non-personal data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
If you choose to visit this site and use this site, your visit and use and any dispute arising therefrom in respect of privacy, is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms and Conditions of use including the limitations and the exclusions expressed and included therein.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer. The information contained in a cookie is set by a website and can be used by that website on each visit.
First Party Cookies we set
Here is a list of cookies which we set:
Style – We have some options on our site to make it easier to view for partially sighted visitors. This cookie remembers the visitor’s preferred setting.
SN4accb396c1e09 – This cookie is used by our website to keep track of visitor sessions.
Third Party Cookies
Youtube – we have some Youtube videos embedded on the site. Youtube may set cookies to track usage or remember preferences.
Twitter – we have some likes to Twitter on the site. Twitter may set cookies if you interact with it.
Google Analytics (cookies named _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz) – Google Analytics helps us gather information about how people use our site. This information recorded is anonymous and includes the number of visitors to the site, where they navigated from and what pages they visited. This information enables us to improve our site.
How to manage cookies
For more about cookies and how to manage them visit aboutcookies.org by clicking here
If you choose to visit this site and use this site, your visit and use and any dispute arising therefrom in respect of privacy, is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms and Conditions of use including the limitations and the exclusions expressed and included therein.
Changes to the Website Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Website Privacy Policy will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Learn more about giving
Email Us
Tel: +353 (1) 874 7354
Newsletter
Select Newsletter
Professional Advisers
Community Groups
Sign Up