http://www.montpelier.org/privacy-policy
OPEN THURS.-MON. 9 AM-3:30 PM: GROUNDS, TRAILS, GARDENS, & MUSEUM SHOP. GUIDED TOURS OFFERED; RESERVATIONS REQUIRED. CAFE OPEN FRI.-SUN. 11 AM-2 PM. LEARN MORE HERE
Tickets
Visit
General Info
Tours
Events
Trails
Galleries & Exhibits
Dining
Museum Shop
Student & Family Programs
Local Attractions
Learn
Digital Doorway
A Message from The Montpelier Foundation.
The Center for the Constitution
Hands-On Expeditions
Dolley Madison
James Madison
House and Grounds
Enslaved Community
US Constitution
All Stories
Support
General Info
Become a Member
Donate Now
Ways To Give
Madison Cabinet
David M. Rubenstein Gift
Shop
The Constitution Today
Podcast: American Dissent
National Survey Results
Privacy Policy
Montpelier Privacy Policy
Private philanthropy provides for the ongoing preservation of James and Dolley's home, archaeological research to make visible invisible stories,  from the enslaved community, and civic education for today and tomorrow's leaders.
Introduction
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website.
1. Use of Links Throughout our web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views, or accuracy of the information contained on other servers. Creating a text link from your website to our site does not require permission. If you have a link you'd like us to consider adding to our website, please contact the webmaster on our contact form, the link is below.2. Use of Text and Images If you would like to publish information that you find on our website, please send your request to communications on the contact form, link is below. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears on the page. Information about our Photography Policy is located at www.montpelier.org/about-us/photo-policy.3. Accessibility This website is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact the webmaster on our contact form, the link is below.4. Reading or Downloading We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University's domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked to our site. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.5. Online Profile Updates and DonationsIf you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the "Opt Out" section below.6. Sending us an Email You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest. We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties. If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won't share your name or email address with any outside parties.7. Kids and Privacy For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city. When kids send email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.8. Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form. You can not remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.9. Donor Privacy The Montpelier Foundation is committed to protecting the privacy of our donors and the personal information that they may share with us or that we hold. We value our donors’ trust and recognize that maintaining this trust requires our institution to be transparent and accountable to our supporters and the public at all times. All information about any financial transactions between donors and the Foundation is considered highly confidential and safeguarded at all times. In addition, all requests by donors to remain anonymous will be honored. We will not trade, share, or sell a donor’s personal information (including email addresses, phone numbers, and physical addresses) with any outside parties, or send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. This applies to information collected both online and offline.10. Questions about our policies If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact the webmaster on our contact form.
Our Work
As a memorial to James Madison and the Enslaved Community, a museum of American history, and a center
for constitutional education, Montpelier engages the public with the
enduring legacy of Madison’s most powerful idea: government by the people.
Support Us