https://www.riseagainsthunger.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Why Hunger?
What We Do
How We Work
Global Impact
Partner With Us
Get Involved
Virtual Volunteering
Take Action
Host An Event
Corporate Partnerships
About Us
Who We Are
Leadership
Contact Us
Financials
Careers
Gift Market
Donate
Give Once
Give Monthly
Fundraise With Us
Other Ways to Give
Rise Against Hunger Privacy Notice
Rise Against Hunger, has created this Privacy Notice to explain the kinds of data we collect from you when you use our website, contact us, donate to us, or sign up to receive information from us , In collecting this information from you, we are acting as a data controller, and by law, we are required to provide you with information about us, why and how we use your data, and about the rights you have over your data.
In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Notice. Rise Against Hunger reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Notice simply by posting such changes on our site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting. However, if we want to make use of your data in a way that we haven’t previously identified, we will contact you to provide information about this, and, if necessary, ask for your consent. We will update the date of this Privacy Notice each time it is changed.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Notice notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
Who collects such information;
How and why such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control.
This Privacy Notice applies to all information received by Rise Against Hunger both online and offline, on any Platform, including the Rise Against Hunger website and mobile applications, as well as any electronic, written or oral communications.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Rise Against Hunger by sending an email to PrivacyInquiry@riseagainsthunger.org. Please reference this Privacy Notice in your subject line.
What Information We Collect from Registered Users and How We Use That Information
Registration Forms and Opt-Ins
When you visit our website and indicate that you wish to receive information, sign up to volunteer with us, register for an event, or sign up to donate to Rise Against Hunger, you will be prompted to complete a registration form.  Registration forms allow you to give us your contact information, which may include your name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. This information is used to communicate with you, respond to your questions, analyze trends, and deliver customized, personal content. Rise Against Hunger does not share, rent, sell, or distribute our database to others, unless: (i) the information is being provided to our agents, vendors, or service providers who perform functions on our behalf, (ii) we are required to do so by law (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena, or court order), or (iii) you have given us your express consent to do so (for example, we may ask you if you would like for us to pass your contact information on to third-party volunteer organizations to learn more about volunteer opportunities, and you may provide your consent for us to do so by checking the appropriate box on our registration form).
Personal information gathered by our organization from the registration forms is kept in confidence. Our personnel, volunteers, service providers,  and vendors are authorized to access such personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained, such as communicating with you on behalf of Rise Against Hunger, provided services or information to you on behalf of Rise Against Hunger, or providing technical support to Rise Against Hunger. Administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered, as described below in the “Security” Section of this Privacy Notice.
We will only obtain the information in the registration form from you if you have expressly given us your consent to do so.  You may indicate your consent by checking a box on the form and then filling in the requested information. You may also choose to “opt in” to receive communications and information from us.  Once you opt in, you may also choose which kinds of information you want to receive, such as mail, email, phone calls, texts, or automated calls. If you change your mind, you can always unsubscribe from our email communications, or email us at PrivacyInquiry@riseagainsthunger.org to let us know that you do not wish to receive further communications from us.
Donor Information
If you wish to become a donor, you will be prompted to complete a registration form as described above.  Any information we collect from you in connection with your donation will only be pursuant to your express consent as indicated on the registration form.  We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity or send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. At times, donor names may be included in printed publications or on our website, however, addresses or other personal information are never disclosed. If a donor wishes to remain anonymous, Rise Against Hunger will gladly remove their information from such lists. To make such a request, please email us at PrivacyInquiry@riseagainsthunger.org.
As with other registered users, donors will have the option to “opt in” to receive communications and information from us, such as mailers and additional opportunities to donate.  You may “opt out” of receiving those communications at any time by unsubscribing or by emailing us at PrivacyInquiry@riseagainsthunger.org.
Rise Against Hunger also takes measures to ensure that the integrity of this information is maintained and to prevent it from being lost or destroyed. We do not request or store sensitive information from you, such as credit card or social security numbers.
To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Sensitive Information and Information Regarding Minors
Occasionally, we will ask individuals for sensitive personal information, such as their religious affiliation. which help us make decisions about how to provide global aid in the fulfillment of our mission to end hunger. This data is used in the course of our legitimate activities as a non-profit charitable organization, and it is only used on the condition that the processing of such information relates solely to those individuals that have regular contact with us and who assist us in carrying out our mission.  We will never disclose such information outside of our organization, and we will safeguard such information as discussed in the “Security” section of this Privacy Notice.
We do not knowingly collect data from anyone under the age of 18.
Photo & Video Disclaimer
Rise Against Hunger may take photographs/videos at events sponsored by Rise Against Hunger. Rise Against Hunger may use the photograph/video in publications or other media material produced, used or contracted by Rise Against Hunger including but not limited to: brochures, invitations, books, newspapers, magazines, television, websites, etc.
To ensure the privacy of individuals and children under the age of 18, images will not be identified using full names or personal identifying information without written approval from the photographed subject, parent or legal guardian.
On your donor registration form, you may indicate your wish to “opt in” to allow us to use your photograph or a video of you by checking the appropriate box.  A person attending a RAH event who does not wish to have their image recorded for distribution should opt out on the registration form by checking the appropriate box, and should also make their wishes known to the photographer, and/or the event organizers, and/or contact Rise Against Hunger at 4801 Glenwood Avenue, Suite 200, Raleigh, NC 27612, in writing of his/her intentions and include a photograph.
Once you have opted in to our use of photos or videos that include your picture or likeness, you are agreeing to release, defend, hold harmless and indemnify Rise Against Hunger from any and all claims involving the use of your picture or likeness.  If you change your mind about our use of your picture or likeness in photographs and/or videos, please email us at PrivacyInquiry@riseagainsthunger.org.
Any person or organization not affiliated with Rise Against Hunger may not use, copy, alter or modify Rise Against Hunger photographs, graphics, videography or other, similar reproductions or recordings without the advance written permission of an authorized designee from Rise Against Hunger.
Information We Collect from All Website Visitors and How We Use That Information
IP Addresses
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses for our legitimate business interests, such as to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site.
Use of “Cookies”
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes and to enable the Web site to function. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site, and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly.
Some of the cookies we use are strictly necessary for our website to function, and we don’t ask for your consent to place them on your computer.  These cookies are:
Cookies
For those cookies that are useful but not strictly necessary, we will always ask for your consent before placing them on your computer.  These cookies are:
Retargeting
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive any cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security
All information provided to Rise Against Hunger is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Rise Against Hunger. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Other Websites
Our Site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Rise Against Hunger has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Data Retention
We will store the data we collect from you only as long as necessary to carry out the purposes for which we collected it. To make that determination, we will assess whether you have opted in to receive communications, whether you have given your consent for us to collect certain kinds of data, and whether the facts and circumstances indicate that you would like to engage in an ongoing relationship with Rise Against Hunger.  Any data that we collect that is no longer needed will be erased from our network in a secure manner.
Your Rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject, you have certain rights regarding your personal data, as follows:
By law, you can ask us what information we hold about you, and you can ask us to correct it if it is inaccurate.
If we have asked for your consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or to fulfill a contract, you can ask us to give you a copy of the information in a machine-readable format so that you can transfer it to another provider.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or legitimate interest, you can request that your data be erased.
You have the right to ask us to stop using your information for a period of time if you believe we are not doing so lawfully.
To submit a request regarding your personal data by email, post or telephone, please use the contact information provided below in the “Contact Rise Against Hunger” section of this Privacy Notice.
Contacting Rise Against Hunger
You may contact Rise Against Hunger at:
Rise Against Hunger
4801 Glenwood Avenue, Suite 200
Raleigh, NC 27612
(888) 501-8440
PrivacyInquiry@riseagainsthunger.org
4818-7732-8998, v. 1