http://www.krishna.com/terms-and-conditions-use
ABOUTLANGUAGESArabicPortugueseSpanishSimplified ChineseTraditional ChineseSIGN IN
HomeAbout UsContact UsNewslettersFounderBBTDonateOpportunitiesAbout KrishnaKrishna the PersonKrishna ConsciousnessOverviewTopic IndexGlossaryThe Reading RoomBhagavad-gitaMagazineAssorted Q and ABooksCatalog of TitlesBhagavad-gita As It IsSrimad BhagavatamCaitanya CaritamritaAudiobooksEbooksOther BooksBTG MagazineAudioAudiobooksLecturesLiveMusicRadioStoriesKirtanVideosSrila PrabhupadaMantra MeditationDocumentariesKrishna PeopleHow-ToSaintsTVWebcamsArtPaintingsPhotosMoreBlogsISKCONMagazineTemplesLinksKids' PlaygroundFestivals & EventsFoodPrabhupadaEducationStoreBooksAudio & VideoHome TempleArtMeditationGiftsApparelKid's ShopBargainsStore Help
Home
Terms and Conditions of Use
Welcome to Krishna.com. Krishna.com and its affiliates provide their services to you subject to the following terms and conditions. If you visit or shop at Krishna.com, you accept these terms and conditions. Please read them carefully.
Definitions
Copyright and Trademark Protection
Use and Downloading of Materials
Services
Denial of Access, Use, or Service
User Accounts, Orders, and Restrictions
Communications, E-Cards, and Other User-Submitted Content
Communications by Other Users
News Items and Privacy Releases
Linking, Framing and Third Party Sites
Compliance with Laws, Junk Mail and Spam
Risk of Loss
Product Descriptions
Modification of Services
Termination
Disclaimer of Warranties
Limitation of Liability
Indemnification
Governing Law
Disputes
Site Policies, Modification, and Severability
Copyrights
Trademarks
Copyright Infringement Claims
Privacy
1. Definitions
Krishna.com (alternate spelling: Krsna.com) or any of its foreign language translation affiliates (such as pt.Krishna.com) is the online information, reference and knowledge website (hereafter referred to as "Site") operated by the Bhaktivedanta Book Trust International, Inc. ("BBTI"), consisting of information, services, proprietary content, links, search capabilities and other internet resources ("Materials") provided by the BBTI, affiliates of the BBTI, and third parties to individuals viewing and using the site ("Users").
The BBTI reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time. Please check this page periodically for any modifications. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of any changes will mean that you have accepted the changes.
2. Copyright and Trademark Protection
The Site layout, "look and feel," functionalities, design, text, images, graphics, video and audio content or clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress ("Materials") of Krishna.com or its subsidiaries and are the property of the BBTI, its affiliated companies or licensors, and are protected by international copyright and trademark laws. The compilation of all content on this Site is the exclusive property of Krishna.com and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this Site is the property of Krishna.com or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
You may not publish, copy, display, distribute, transmit, perform, modify, create derivative works from, or sell any Materials, information, products or services obtained from this Site, except as otherwise expressly permitted under applicable law or as described in these Terms and Conditions of Use.
3. Use and Downloading of Materials
Krishna.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this Site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify any portion of it, except with express written consent of Krishna.com. You may print or download Materials on the Site for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. You may not engage in systematic retrieval of data or other Materials from this Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without express written permission from the BBTI. Nor may you mirror on your own site the home page or results pages of this Site. Use of the Materials on this Site for any purpose not expressly permitted in these Terms and Conditions of Use is prohibited.
If you (or a legal entity you control) own and operate a website or engage in other Internet activity, such as electronic commerce, communication, publishing and transmission, and want to download, post, publish or use Materials for any such website or Internet activity, you need express written permission from the BBTI, even though your website or Internet activity is free of charge. Unless you are a student, or your use of the Materials is short-term and minimal, your use of the Materials may be subject to copyright and other legal restrictions.
Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Krishna.com. You are granted a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Krishna.com so long as the link does not portray Krishna.com, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. You may not use any Krishna.com logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission from BBTI.
Requests regarding the use of the Materials for any purpose other than educational, personal and occasional and minimal non-commercial use should be directed to:
Bhaktivedanta Book Trust International, Inc.
Website: BBTI.org
Phone: +1-386-418-8329
Fax: +1-386-462-1761
Email: Use the online form
BBTI
Copyrights and Permissions
P.O. Box 1437
Alachua, FL 32616
USA
4. Services
BBTI, through its websites www.krishna.com and subsidiary foreign language translations such as pt.Krishna.com (the "Site"), provides computing and information services to those persons ("Users") who utilize its Services. For purposes of this Agreement, "Services" are defined as any and all services provided by BBTI to you either now or in the future. By using the Services, you confirm your acceptance of, and agree to be bound by, this Agreement.
5. Denial of Access, Use, or Service
BBTI reserves the right to deny access, use or service on Krishna.com or any of its subsidiaries (like pt.Krishna.com) to any User, for any reason whatsoever, at its sole discretion.
6. User Accounts, Orders, and Restrictions
If you use this Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Krishna.com does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you may use Krishna.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Krishna.com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at their sole discretion.
7. Communications, E-Cards, and Other User-Submitted Content
Visitors may send e-cards and other communications; submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Krishna.com reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Krishna.com and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Krishna.com and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Krishna.com, BBTI, or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Krishna.com has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content on its Site. Krishna.com takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
8. Communications by Other Users
The BBTI does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any communications posted by other users, nor endorse any opinions expressed by users. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk.
The BBTI does not screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users. If notified by a user of communication which allegedly does not conform to these Terms and Conditions of Use, the BBTI may investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and at its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such communication. The BBTI has no liability or responsibility to users for performance or non-performance of such activities. The BBTI reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to Krishna.com, pt.Krishna.com, or any affiliate of the BBTI, for violating these Terms and Conditions of Use or the law.
9. News Items and Privacy Releases
Publishers of news items do not generally obtain releases from subjects, individuals, groups or entities that are shown in their photographs or graphics or quoted in their texts. Also, no clearance is obtained from the owners of trademarks or copyrighted materials whose marks or materials are included in news items. Therefore, you will be solely responsible for obtaining any and all necessary releases if you use news items that you find on this Site. Neither the BBTI nor any other publisher or news service will be liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions in any news material or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing.
10. Linking, Framing and Third Party Sites
The Site provides links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Hyperlinks to other Internet resources are provided for your convenience. The editors of the Site have selected these resources as having some value and pertinence, but the development and maintenance of such third-party sites are not under the direction of the BBTI. Thus, the content, accuracy, opinions expressed, and other links provided by these resources are neither verified nor endorsed by the BBTI.
Because the BBTI has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that the BBTI is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources and shall not be liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused by the use of any such content, product or materials.
Any linking to third-party sites shall be at your own risk and expense and shall not be construed as an endorsement by or implication of any affiliation with the BBTI, unless such linking is authorized by the BBTI. The BBTI reserves the right to object to, or have removed, any link that is determined by the BBTI in its sole judgment to be inappropriate, inconsistent with the Site's image and reputation or otherwise creates an undue burden on the Site or on the BBTI.
The BBTI's consent must be obtained in writing before framing, deep-linking or other activity impacting the access to or the use of our Site. Failure to obtain such consent may result in an infringement claim or other legal action being brought.
11. Compliance with Laws, Junk Mail and Spam
Use of the Services is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations (including without limitation those governing account collection, export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising). Each User agrees: (1) to comply with United States law regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States through the Services; (2) not to use the Services for illegal purposes; (3) not to interfere or disrupt networks connected to the Services; (4) to comply with all regulations, policies and procedures of networks connected to the Services; (5) not to use the Services to infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; and (6) not to transmit through the Services any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature. Each User further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation. Each User agrees not to use the Services for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any use of distribution lists to any person who has not given specific permission to be included in such a process, and further agrees not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. You shall not interfere with another Customer's use and enjoyment of the Services. Krishna.com email accounts, fowarding addressess or alises may not be utilized as return addresses for commercial email solicitations, advertising, offensive or illegal communications, communications which infringe intellectual property rights, or communications which harass, intimidate or otherwise violate the rights of others. BBTI reserves the right to terminate the Krishna.com email account of any person who violates this policy.
12. Risk of Loss
All items purchased from Krishna.com or its subsidiaries such as pt.Krishna.com, are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
13. Product Descriptions
Krishna.com and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible in describing items or products on our Site. However, Krishna.com does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this Site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Krishna.com itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
14. Modification of Services
BBTI reserves the right to modify or discontinue any of the Services with or without notice. BBTI shall not be liable to you or any third party should BBTI exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Services.
The BBTI reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time. Please check this page periodically for any modifications. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of any changes will mean that you have accepted the changes.
15. Termination
Either you or BBTI may terminate your account at any time, with or without cause, upon notice. Any notice by you to BBTI concerning termination or cancellation of your account shall be in accordance with any procedures that may be established by BBTI from time to time in its sole discretion. BBTI also reserves the right to terminate or suspend your account without prior notice, provided that BBTI will attempt to confirm such termination or suspension by subsequent notice.
16. Disclaimer of Warranties
Neither the BBTI, its affiliates, nor any third-party content providers or licensors makes any warranty whatsoever, including without limitation: that the operation of Krishna.com Site, pt.Krishna.com, or any other site or content offered on the Internet by BBTI will be uninterrupted or error-free; that defects will be corrected; that this Site, including the server that makes it available, is free of viruses or other harmful components; as to the results that may be obtained from use of the materials on the Site; or as to the accuracy, reliability, availability, suitability, quality, or operation of any information, software, or service provided on or accessible from the Site.
KRISHNA.COM, PT.KRISHNA.COM, AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND OTHER CONTENT (INCLUDING THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND CONTENT) INCLUDED IN OR ACCESSIBLE FROM THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND (EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE), ALL OF WHICH THE BBTI DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. YOUR USE OF KRISHNA.COM IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. NEITHER BBTI NOR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE AND NEITHER BBTI NOR ANY OF ITS LICENSEES OR SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL BE HELD RESPONSIBLE IN ANY WAY OR BY ANY MEANS, EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY COMMUNICATIONS DIFFICULTIES WHICH COULD LEAD TO THE INTERRUPTION AND OR DELIVERY OF ANY OF THE SERVICES.
17. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE BBTI, ITS AFFILIATES OR CONTENT PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, AUTHORIZED USE, PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE OF THIS SITE, EVEN IF THE BBTI WAS PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW OR OTHERWISE.
18. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify the BBTI, its directors, officers, shareholders, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from your violation of these Terms of Use.
19. Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions of Use are governed by the laws of the United States and the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
20. Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Krishna.com or to products you purchase through Krishna.com shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Los Angeles, California, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Krishna.com's intellectual property rights, Krishna.com may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of California, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
21. Site Policies, Modification, and Severability
Please review our other policies posted on this Site. These policies also govern your visit to Krishna.com. We reserve the right to make changes to our Site, policies, and these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these Terms or Conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that Term or Condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining Terms or Conditions.
22. Copyrights
All contents of this Site are Copyright ©2002-2006 the Bhaktivedanta Book Trust International, Inc. All rights reserved. Photographs, illustrations, software or other "Materials" are sometimes separately copyrighted by their respective owners, as noted in the credits.
23. Trademarks
Krishna.com, Krsna.com, pt.Krishna.com, VirtualSeva.com, TheKrishnaStore.com, BackToGodhead.com, BBTI.org, and other marks that appear throughout this Site belong to the BBTI, its affiliates or third party trademark owners. Except as permitted by applicable laws, you are prohibited from using any of the marks appearing on this Site without express written permission from the respective trademark owners.
24. Copyright Infringement Claims
If you believe that any copyright infringement exists on this Site, or any site with a hyperlink to this Site, please use the following process to notify us. All claims of copyright infringement should be in writing and should be directed to our designated agent below:
Krishna.com Legal Department
Email Form
phone: +1 (386) 462-7794
fax: +1 (386) 462-1761
Attn: Legal Counsel
Krishna.com
P.O. Box 430
Alachua, FL 32616
USA
Please include the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single Web site are covered by a single claim, a representative list of such works at that Web site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the BBTI to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the BBTI to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
25. Privacy
We believe in protecting the privacy of our Users and take all reasonable measures to do so. To this extent, we have adopted a detailed Privacy Policy (click to read).
For questions or comments on any of the above, please do not hesitate to contact us.
49407 reads
Join our family of supporters. Make a donation.
Thank you to the following individuals for keeping Krishna.com alive and vibrant:
Ajitkumar Agrawal, Alfred Fitch, Amit N, Amit Singh, Ankit Bansal, Arun Athithan, Ashim Kumar Kar, Ashley Dalke, Audrey Jimenez, Bhaskar Gurram, Bhavanaben Desai, Bhavin Thakker, Brian Bloch, Carmen Rodriguez, Chetan Suri, Chirag Mahyavanshi, David Corcoran III, David Taylor, Dev Mani, Edita Vasiljeviene, Edward Easterling, Francisco Picazo, Gary Mark, Gary Sund, Genevieve Brewster, Ian Lubsey, Jai Devaki Parks, Jonathan Maxwell, Joseph Milosch, Jurga Saule, Keith Fralin, Lorraine Groom, Lotus Imprints, Luz Ramirez, Mahipal Reddy Patolla, Margot Cordua, Marina Hansen Russo, Marlon Brock, Martin Rosenthal, Narendra Kumar, Nila Khurana, Partha Bose, Pratapa Reddy Dokuru, Prinul Gunputh, Renuka Muthumanickam, Robert Goettler, Rosa Wallace, Sam Clements, Samit Misra, Saranagati International, Shalini Anand, Sharon Standley, Shyamal Krishna, Smitha Konduri, Sreedhar Segu, Stephen Kenton, Sumit Patel, Sundari Rodman, Sunilkumar Patel, Supriya Sengupta, Surendra Krishnan, Tessa Gordon, Thirumalesh Bhat, Venkat Krishnan, Veronika Ward, Vijay Patel, Vijay Varanasi, Vikas Manna, Vishal Gandotra, Viswanadh Musunuri, Yuvaraj C Thandu
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Newsletters
Founder
BBT
Donate
Opportunities
About Krishna
Krishna the Person
Krishna Consciousness
Bhagavad-gita
Overview
Magazine
The Reading Room
Glossary
Audio
Audiobooks
Lectures
Live
Music
Radio
Stories
Kirtan
Videos
Srila Prabhupada
Mantra Meditation
Documentaries
Krishna People
How-To
Saints
TV
Webcams
Art
Paintings
Photos
Communities
ISKCON
Magazine
Temples
Kids' Playground
Festivals & Events
Food
Prabhupada
Education
Store
New items
Books
Media
Clothing & Jewelry
Kids
Home & Worship
Bargains
Store Help
Copyright
Copyright © 2002-2021 The Bhaktivedanta Book Trust International, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy