http://www.diamondlighttantra.com/our-policies
Home
Workshop CalendarFull Calendar
Open to All
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Levels 4 - 7
Level 8
Testimonials
About Our WorkshopsIndividual and Couples' Sessions
Tantric Gateways 1 - 7
Wondrous Wednesdays
Tantric Journeys
Tantric GiftsGift Vouchers
Books & CDs
All Gifts
Newsletter
Articles
About UsWho we are?
Our Policies
Links
FAQsWhat is Tantra?
What will I learn from Tantra?
Benefits for individuals and couples
All about Tantric Massage
Men, Women and Tantra
Tantra & Judaism
Contact Us
Our Policies
Any Questions?
If you have any questions about these policies, or any other aspect of Diamond Light Tantra, please call our office on 07900 207712
Other ways to contact us
Delivery Policy
Payment shall be made before supply of Product or Service. Diamond Light Tantra reserve the right to suspend delivery of Product or Service until full payment is received.
For more information, please call our office on 07900 207712
Contact Us
Booking Conditions, Cancellations and Refunds Policy
Please phone our office on 07900 207712 to check availability and prices if unclear on the website, or if you have any other questions.
Full advance payment is required for Introductory Evenings, Earlybird bookings and bookings online.
Earlybird discount booking period expires six weeks before the date of the workshop.
For all other bookings (i.e. by phone or in person) £100 deposit towards tuition fees confirms a place, the balance being due one month before the workshop. Venue costs for residential courses are due one month before the workshop.
Deposits and advance payments are non-refundable and non-transferable.
Requests for transfers require a notice period of 8 weeks prior to the start date of the workshop booked and are at the facilitator's discretion. In these cases a £55 administration fee per person will be retained.
Participation in DLT workshops is at the facilitator's discretion. In certain circumstances it may be necessary to ask a participant to leave the group. In these cases no refunds or transfers will be given.
For more information, please call our office on 07900 207712
If for any reason, Diamond Light Tantra Limited needs to cancel a workshop, a full refund will be given on request, or the full amount transferred to another group.
Our Privacy and Data Protection Policy
How personal data gets used, and abused, on the internet is rightly a big concern. Diamond Light Tantra supports regulations and controls put in place to limit and make more transparent how companies use personal data.
As a small company who are very aware of how data can be compromised, data protection is at the heart of what we do.
About Collecting Personal Information
We collect personal information purely to communicate with you about our programmes, plus relevant and related, interesting and inspirational tips, quotes and news. We maintain the sanctity, integrity and privacy of this work, and in so doing will never misuse or share personal data with others (unless requested by you).
Our mailing system retains only your name, email address and phone number, plus a record of courses attended, and those you have expressed interest in attending.
If you are receiving our emails, this will be because at one time or another, you sent us an enquiry, wanting more information.  You may have sent us an email, filled in a ‘contact us’ form on our website, booked onto a workshop or for a private session, phoned or texted us, or enquired via Facebook.  We only send information to people who ask for it. If you would rather not receive this information, we would be most grateful if you would unsubscribe.
What personal information is collected?
What we collect depends entirely on how you interact with us. We don’t take anything you don’t voluntarily share with us — we do not participate in “data mining” to collect personal data.
Some of the data that we may ask you for (this is not an exhaustive list):
Name
Phone
Number
Email
address
Other
courses you may have attended
Debit/Credit
card information (When you make a purchase)
How
you found us (When you attend a workshop)
Health
or Medical information (For longer workshops)
Other contact information or
preferences
How personal information is used
First and foremost, we use your data to deliver information and services to you. We also use it to help us learn how best to serve you and improve our services in future.
Your contact details and workshop attendance is stored on online our mailer system.  We retain paper feedback sheets and door lists for some time after workshops, so that we know how best to contact you in future.  We may ask you to endorse a testimonial, only if you choose to offer this.  There is no paper storage of information (aside from print-outs of payments made, for accounting purposes).  We currently use established brands:  Constant Contact (for mailings), and PayPal for purchases.
Additionally we do not ourselves store any debit / credit card information.  All payment information is stored within secure third party platforms whose business is to do that securely with high levels of encryption. We cannot, for instance, look up your credit card number ourselves and use it.
Non-personal information- collection and use
This means information that does not identify a specific person. We occasionally use website analytics, pixel tags, and cookies to help understand how people use our website and our services, to look for larger patterns.
If at any time non-personal information is connect with personal information, then it will all be considered personal information and treated as such.
We don’t share your information
This means we don’t consciously give out or sell your information to other companies that would then market to you. Never ever ever.
We do share your information with our third party services that essentially are the tools that we use to run the business. Those companies all have privacy policies in place where they are not accessing your data without our accounts to market to you or otherwise use your information for any reason, except for when we direct that tool to perform a function for us within our account. For instance, your email address is stored within our email system (at the time of this writing is Constant Contact). We direct our email systems to send our written emails to the email addresses that have opted in, and our email systems carry this out.
This is not considered the same as giving your email address to the company Constant Contact so they can market their services to you. This latter example we would never, ever do.
Security and Protection
We use tools and third party companies that are committed to high levels of security encryption. We are not encryption or data security experts by any stretch of the imagination, and are basically trusting these services to provide the high levels of security they are claiming to. So far, at the time of this writing, they haven’t failed us.
All technology is kept up-to-date in as reasonable time-frame as is possible.
Our company policy and procedural documents direct all employees and contractors to delete any information they may temporarily place in files so they can do their work, and to shred any paper copies once their work is complete.
It’s your data, you retain control
You can unsubscribe at any time.  You may let us know that you don’t wish us to use your data and we will honour your request. You can ask us how your data has been used, and we will let you know.
You may ask to be entirely deleted from our system, and we can do that, with the exception that if you’ve bought anything from us, we are required to track income for tax purposes, and your receipts would remain in our accounting system for at least seven years. But you would be removed from our marketing or client delivery systems as entirely as we can do that without compromising our tax records.
Bear in mind that we are a very small company. We will honour all requests, and please be patient for us to follow-up with you.
Questions
If you have any further questions, please do ask.
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time without notice, so feel free to check back as often as you like.
With deep gratitude for your trust in us,
Leora and the Diamond Light Tantra Team
Share & Bookmark
Share this page
Contact Us
Phone 07859 829218
Email us via this link.
Find out about private sessions here.
Join Mailing List
Email:
Your Purchases
View your shopping cart.
Tantra Workshops
All Workshops
Open to All
Level 1 Workshops
Level 2 Workshops
Level 3 Workshops
Level 4 - 7 Workshops
Level 8 Workshops
Tantric Gifts
Tantric Books & CDs
Tantric Gift Vouchers
Leora Lightwoman
Leora has been leading Tantra workshops and facilitating Tantra sessions with couples and individuals since 1995. She is celebrated for her lively and playful, and yet sensitive and grounded approach to spiritual sexual-loving, and for the safe and honouring space that she holds. Read more...
Home   Find a Workshop   Articles   Newsletter   Our Workshops   Tantric Gifts   About Us   FAQs   Testimonials   Contact us