http://www.transparency.org/en/privacy
Skip to main content
You are using an outdated browser. Most of this website should still work, but after upgrading your browser it will look and perform better.
Home
Privacy
PrivacyWE RESPECT YOUR PRIVACYTransparency International (TI) is committed to ensuring the privacy of all our users. The TI Website (http://www.transparency.org), including all information and materials contained on it is managed by:Transparency International e. V.Alt-Moabit 96, 10559 Berlin, GermanyTel. +49 30 343820 0ti@transparency.orgThis Privacy Policy governs all pages on the TI Website, http://www.transparency.org. It does not apply to pages hosted by other organizations, including the websites of TI National Chapters or related organizations or third party sites. The TI Website may be linked to the websites of such other parties but those other sites may have their own privacy policy which applies to them.Our TI Website may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to certain services on our TI Website, however, and are explained separately below. We collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider.Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.COOKIESOur TI Website makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our TI Website by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used to improve our TI Website and services. In most cases these are so-called "session cookies" that are deleted once you leave our TI Website.To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically recognize you. Recognition occurs through an IP address saved to the cookies. The information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite your access to the TI Website.You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our TI Website.SERVER DATAFor technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is collected: type and version of the browser you use operating system websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL) websites that you visit date and time of your visit your Internet Protocol (IP) address. This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our TI Website and services.PURPOSE OF REGISTERINGWe offer you the opportunity to sign up for our TI Website, for example for the TI Knowledge Hub. The information entered when signing up, as shown in the registration form is collected and stored solely for use by our TI Website. When signing up for our TI Website, we also store your IP address and the date and time you registered. This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your data to sign up for our site. None of this information is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our TI Website.NEWSLETTEROur TI Website offers you the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter. The newsletter provides you periodically with information about our services. To receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address. Optionally, we ask you to provide your name and surname for a personalized newsletter. We will review the email address you provide for the purpose of determining whether you are in fact the owner of the email address provided or whether the actual owner of said address is authorized to receive the newsletter. When subscribing to our newsletter, we will store your IP address as well as the date and time you subscribed. This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your email address to subscribe to our newsletter. We will not collect any other data. The data thereby collected is used solely for the purpose of receiving our newsletter. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that other components of our TI Website may collect. You may cancel your subscription to the newsletter at any time. You will find additional details in the email confirming your subscription as well as in each newsletter.CONTACTING USOn our TI Website we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by using a contact form. In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our TI Website.USE OF GOOGLE ANALYTICS WITH ANONYMIZATIONOur TI Website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. Google Analytics employs so-called “cookies“, text files that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site.The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there.We use Google Analytics with an IP anonymization feature on our TI Website. In doing so, Google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from member states of the European Union or signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.Google will use this information to evaluate your usage of our site, to compile reports on website activity for us, and to provide other services related to website- and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or to the extent this data is processed by third parties on Google´s behalf.Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our TI Website.Google also offers a disabling option for the most common browsers, thus providing you with greater control over the data which is collected and processed by Google. If you enable this option, no information regarding your website visit is transmitted to Google Analytics. However, the activation does not prevent the transmission of information to us or to any other web analytics services we may use. For more information about the disabling option provided by Google, and how to enable this option, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.USE OF SHARETHISWe use ShareThis to provide buttons on all pages to help you share our content. ShareThis is a service from ShareThis Inc, 4005 Miranda Ave, Suite 100, Palo Alto, CA 94304, United States.ShareThis also makes use of Scorecard Research tracking which set the UID and UIDR cookies. Your personal data will be sent to a server operated by ShareThis Inc. in the United States. For more information on how to opt-out of these cookies view the ShareThis privacy policy here: https://www.sharethis.com/privacy/ShareThis may – without limitation – use the following Usage Data:Unique IDs of a cookie placed on a web browser (example: 37d387ca-f68a-11e5-b87d-0e58954c72b1)General click-stream behavior Webpages viewed (including the URL addresses of such pages)Search queries from which users are directed to a pageNavigation from page to page through the ShareThis servicesTime spent on each page Items clicked or selected Content highlighted IP addresses Mobile advertising identifiers (Apple IDFA or Google AAID) which are specific technical data created by mobile manufacturers to allow personalization and customer analytics in a secure and non-identifying way for users (not collected by us but may be used with our data)The information contained in HTTP headers or other intent transfer protocol signals Attributes of computer or device usage, type of browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, or Safari), and operating system (iOS or other for mobile devices)ShareThis also participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. For more information and to view the Privacy Shield policy, go here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L1HMAA0&status=ActiveUSE OF GOOGLE MAPSWe use the “Google Maps” component of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter “Google.”Google sets a cookie in order to process the user configuration and data when the page with the integrated “Google Maps” component is displayed. As a general rule, this cookie is not deleted by closing the browser, but rather expires after a certain time, as long as it is not previously manually deleted by you.If you do not agree with this processing of your data, you may choose to deactivate the “Google Maps” service and thereby prevent the transfer of data to Google. To do this, you must deactivate the Java Script function in your browser. However, we would like to point out that in this case you will not be able to use “Google Maps” or at least only to a limited extent.The use of “Google Maps” and the information obtained through “Google Maps” is according to Google’s Terms of Use http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/terms/regional.htmlas well as the additional Terms and Conditions for "Google Maps"https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.html. USE OF RECAPTCHAIn order to protect input forms on our site, we use the “reCAPTCHA” service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter "Google." By means of this service it can be distinguished whether the corresponding input is of human origin or is created improperly by automated machine processing.To our knowledge, the referrer URL, the IP address, the behaviour of the website visitors, information about the operating system, browser and length of stay, cookies, display instructions and scripts, user input behaviour and mouse movements in the “reCAPTCHA” checkbox are conveyed to “Google.”Google uses the information obtained, among other things, to digitize books and other printed matter as well as to optimize services such as Google Street View and Google Maps (e.g. house number and street name recognition).The IP address provided as part of “reCAPTCHA” is not merged with other data from Google unless you are logged into your Google Account at the time the "reCAPTCHA" plug-in is used. If you want to prevent this transmission and storage of data by “Google” about you and your behaviour on our TI Website, you must log out of “Google” before you visit our site or before using the reCAPTCHA plug-in.The use of the “reCAPTCHA” service is according to the Google Terms of Use: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/.USE OF FACEBOOK COMPONENTSOur TI Website employs components provided by facebook.com. Facebook is a service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.Each time our TI Website receives an access request equipped with a Facebook component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this Facebook component. Through this process, Facebook is informed precisely which page of our TI Website is being visited. When you access our site while logged into Facebook, Facebook uses information gathered by this component to identify the precise page you are viewing and associates this information to your personal account on Facebook. Whenever you click on the “Like“ button, for example, or enter a comment, this information is transmitted to your personal account on Facebook and stored there. In addition, Facebook is informed of your visit to our TI Website. This occurs regardless of whether you click on a component or not.If you wish to prevent the transfer to and storage of data by Facebook about you and your interaction with our TI Website, you must first log out of Facebook before visiting our TI Website. The data protection policies of Facebook provide additional information, in particular about the collection and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this regard as well as the options available to you for protecting your privacy: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/You can find an overview of Facebook plugins at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/USE OF TWITTER RECOMMENDATION COMPONENTSOur TI Website employs components provided by Twitter. Twitter is a service of Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.Each time our TI Website receives an access request equipped with a Twitter component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this component from Twitter. Through this process, Twitter is informed precisely which page of our TI Website is being visited. We have no control over the data that Twitter collects in the process, or over the extent of the data that Twitter collects. To the best of our knowledge, Twitter collects the URL of each website accessed as well as the IP address of the user, but does so solely for the purpose of displaying Twitter components. Additional information may be obtained from the Twitter data privacy policy, at: http://twitter.com/privacy.You may change your data privacy settings in your account settings, at http://twitter.com/account/settings.USE OF LINKEDIN RECOMMENDATION COMPONENTSOur TI Website employs components provided by the network LinkedIn. LinkedIn is a service of LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Each time our TI Website receives an access request equipped with a LinkedIn component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this component from LinkedIn. Through this process, LinkedIn is informed exactly which page of our TI Website is being accessed. By clicking the LinkedIn “recommend button“ while logged into your LinkedIn account, you can link content from our TI Website to your LinkedIn profile. This allows LinkedIn to associate your visit to our site with your LinkedIn account.We have no control over the data that LinkedIn collects thereby, nor over the extent of the data that LinkedIn collects. Nor do we have any knowledge of the content of data transferred to LinkedIn. Details on data collection by LinkedIn as well as your rights in this regard and your browser setting options may be obtained from the LinkedIn data privacy policy, which may be accessed at: http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policyUSE OF YOUTUBE COMPONENTS WITH ENHANCED DATA PROTECTION MODEOn our TI Website we use components (videos) of YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, a company belonging to Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.To this end, we use the “ - enhanced data protection mode - ” option provided by YouTube.When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the YouTube server and the content will appear on our TI Website via a communication to your browser.According to the information provided by YouTube, in “ - enhanced data protection mode -”, data is only transferred to the YouTube server, in particular which of our TI Websites you have visited, if you watch the video. If you are logged onto YouTube at the same time, this information will be matched to your YouTube member account. You can prevent this from happening by logging out of your member account before visiting our TI Website.Further information about data protection by YouTube is provided by Google under the following link:https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/USE OF VIMEO COMPONENTSWe use Vimeo components on our site. Vimeo is a service of Vimeo LCC, 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA. Whenever you visit our TI Website, which is equipped with such a component, this component causes the browser you are using to download a corresponding display of the Vimeo component. When you visit our site and are at the same time logged into Vimeo, Vimeo recognizes by means of the information collected by the component, which specific page you are visiting and assigns this information to your personal account at Vimeo. If, for example, you click on the “Play” button or make comments, this information will be conveyed to your personal user account at Vimeo and stored there. In addition, the information that you have visited our site will be passed on to Vimeo. This is done regardless of whether you click on the component/comment or not.If you want to prevent this transmission and storage of data by Vimeo about you and your behaviour on our TI Website, you must log out of Vimeo before you visit our site. Vimeo’s Privacy Policy provides more detailed information concerning this, in particular regarding the collection and use of data by Vimeo: https://vimeo.com/privacyUSE OF GETTY IMAGESOur TI Website has the option of displaying free images from the stock image archives belonging to Getty Images. These components are a service of Getty Images International, Block 4, Floor 2, Bracken Business Park, Bracken Road, Sandyford, Dublin 18, Ireland. Images incorporated in this manner are identified by the annotation “Getty Images“ within the incorporated image. You can find additional information at http://www.gettyimages.de/Creative/Frontdoor/embedA condition for the display of images from the Getty Images stock image archives on our TI Website is that your IP address be transmitted to Getty Images. To the best of our knowledge, the IP address is used solely for the purpose of displaying the image on our TI Website. We have no influence whatsoever should Getty Images store or exploit an IP address it collects for other purposes. You can find more information about the purpose and extent of data collection in the Getty Images data privacy policy, at http://www.gettyimages.de/Corporate/PrivacyPolicy.aspxUSE OF PARDOT AND SALESFORCETransparency International is using "Pardot" from salesforce.com, inc, The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Pardot is a marketing software that helps Transparency International to better understand the usage of our website and to personalize the content in emails and on selected web pages.For that purpose, Transparency International has entered into an Order Processing Agreement with salesforce.com, obliging Salesforce to treat the information submitted with care and not to disclose it to third parties not affiliated withSalesforce. Salesforce has also signed up to the EU-U.S. Privacy-Shield (www.privacyshield.gov). Further details on how Salesforce is dealing with data and information can be found in the data privacy statement from Salesforce.Pardot WebtrackingPardot is using Cookies for its web tracking capabilities on our website and on our landing pages. Cookies are set to remember preferences (like form field values, or tracking preferences) when a visitor returns to our website, as well as to track the navigation path and usage of our website. Each Pardot Cookie contains a unique visitor identification number automatically generated by Pardot. This visitor ID has to meaning outside of Pardot. The information about the use of our website collected via the identification number is stored by Salesforce on servers in the USA and used there on behalf ofTransparency International to create user profiles and other evaluations of our website’s usage.Pardot Forms and CookiesTransparency International is also using Pardot forms, or form handlers, on the website and on landing pages to collect information about visitors and turn anonymous visitors into identified contacts. Upon submitting a form and by providingyour consent to save and use your personal data (e.g. during the registration process to our newsletter), the data submitted in the form, as well as the information collected under the visitor identification number from the Cookie will be linked to your personal profile. If you delete all Cookies on your device, or the cookies used by Pardot in particular, the linkage of your visitor profile and your personal data will end for the future. Should you visit our website again, new cookies will be set. If you then give us your permission to use your personal data again, this data will be linked with all information collected so far, provided that a clear allocation can be made. Data submitted in forms will also be stored and used in Salesforce CRM. Your data will not be shared with any third party, or processed for any other purpose, except inthe cases prescribed by law or agreed with you otherwise.Opting out from PardotYou can object to the data collection of your website behaviour at any time with effect for the future. For this purpose, you can prevent the storage of Cookies and thus the collection of data by Pardot by adjusting your browser settings accordingly. You can also prevent the collection of visitor information by Pardot on your device by clicking on the link below, which sets an opt-out Cookie for Pardot. Please note that you will have to click on this link again if you are using another device to browse on our website, if you have deleted all your Cookies, or the opt-out Cookie in particular. Your data will be deleted from our servers as well as Salesforce's servers upon your request, or when the purpose of storing and processing your data ceases at the latest. Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular data retention periods - remain unaffected.NewsletterBy subscribing to our newsletter you will regularly receive updates from Transparency International to your personal email address, such as the latest news and development in the area of corruption, invitations to events or surveys. Your registration to our newsletter is secured by the double opt-in procedure and your consent will be recorded by us in order to be able to prove it in case of doubt. This is necessary in order to prevent and avoid abuse of email addresses. You can revoke your consent to receiving our newsletter, or unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time. For this purpose we provide an unsubscribe link in every newsletter. Alternatively, you can cancel your newsletter subscription at any time bysending us an informal note to info@transparency.org. The legality of the data processing operations already carried out shall not be affected by a revocation or by unsubscribing from our newsletter. The data you provided us with for the purpose of subscribing to our newsletter will be stored by us in Pardot until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Upon cancellation of the newsletter your data will be deleted from Pardot and Salesforce. Data that we store for other purposes remain unaffected by this. However, we can store your unsubscribed email address for up to four years, so that we can prove that you have previously given your consent. The processing of this data will be limited to the purpose of a possible defence against claims and it will be deleted after the purpose of processing has ceased. An individual request for deletion is possible at any time, provided that the former existence of a consent is confirmed at the same time.Emails sent via PardotTransparency International is also using Pardot to send emails like aforementioned newsletter. Pardot enables Transparency International to segment the recipients of emails according to target groups before they are sent. This way, the contents of the emails can be adapted to the respective target group, so that the recipients receive the most relevant contents possible. The analysis following the dispatch is carried out via a so-called web beacon, which establishes a connection to the servers of Salesforce in the USA when the email is opened and transmits various technical information such as the IP address, the browser used, or the operating system used. This allows us, for example, to track when you opened the email as well as which links you clicked on. The analysis helps Transparency International to improve the technical aspects of email dispatch and to adapt the content of the emails even better to your interests and the interests of the readers in general.USE OF CISION MEDIA DATABASEWe use Cision to send press releases to our press release subscribers. Cision is a service provided by Cision Ltd., 12051 Indian Creek Court, Beltsville, MD 20705, USA, tel: +1 866-639-5087. You will be asked to consent to the use of your personal data – e-mail-address, country, name and surname, title, phone number, Twitter handle – to receive our press releases as follows: "I have read the privacy policy and by subscribing I give my consent to data being processed for the purposes of receiving press releases to my email."To receive our press releases, you will need a valid email address. By registering for the press releases we will save your details provided and date and time of the registration. Cision is bound to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.Further information about Cision can be found at:https://gdpr.cision.com/gdprhttps://gdpr.cision.com/dataprivacynotice_customersprospectshttps://gdpr.cision.com/dataprivacynotice_influencersUSE OF INSTAGRAMWe promote the service Instagram on our TI Website. Instagram is a service of Instagram Inc. By means of the integrated "Insta" button on our page, Instagram receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our TI Website. If you are logged into Instagram, Instagram may assign the visit to our site to your Instagram account and link the data by this means. The data transmitted by clicking the "Insta" button is stored by Instagram. You can find more information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, its processing and use, as well as your related rights and settings options for protecting your privacy in the Instagram data protection notice under https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388.To prevent your visit to our site from being accessed by your Instagram account, you must log out of your Instagram account before visiting our site.USING THE TI KNOWLEDGE HUBIn order for the TI Knowledge Hub to function, TI needs to collect and process certain elements of your Personal Data in the course of the registration process. First of all, this consists of the following data:First name, last nameCompany nameProfessional statusVoluntary Data in the ProfileIf you wish, you may add more information about yourself to your Profile on a voluntary basis (hereinafter referred to as "Voluntary Data"), to allow users of the TI Knowledge Hub to get to know you better and possibly encourage them to contact you. You are able to choose from the following Voluntary Data, for example:your interestsyour educationcompanies you have previously worked forwhat kind of expertise you have to offerwhat you are looking for from other expertsother biographical data you want to shareYou may also upload a photograph of yourself, if you wish. You remain the owner of the photograph. The Voluntary Data you choose to enter in your profile is accessible to all other users of the TI Knowledge Hub.At any time you can revoke Voluntary Data by deleting the data in question from your profile.Search FunctionsThe TI Knowledge Hub offers various possibilities to search for particular TI Experts. These various search functions may assist you, for example, in finding other TI Experts with similar interests. The search functions can also help you to initiate contact with other TI Experts who offer exactly what you are looking for. Thus, you can find the contacts you need.USING PAYPAL AS A PAYMENT METHODIf, while completing your donation, you decide to use PayPal as an online payment service, your contact details will be sent to PayPal during the order process. PayPal is a service from PayPal (Europe) S.à.rl & Cie. SCA, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg. PayPal assumes the function of an online payment service and trustee, and offers buyer protection services.The personal data transmitted to PayPal usually includes your first name, last name, address, telephone number, IP address, e-mail address, or other data required to process your order, such as the quantity of articles ordered, the article number, invoice amount, percentage taxes and invoice details, etc.This information needs to be transferred to process your order using your chosen payment method, mainly in order to confirm your identity and manage your payment and the customer relationship.Please note the following however: PayPal may also pass on your personal data to subcontractors or other affiliates, to the extent necessary for fulfilling the contractual obligations arising from your order or for processing personal data in your order.Depending on the payment type you pre-select in your PayPal account, which may include payment by invoice or direct debit, PayPal will transfer the personal data transferred to PayPal to credit agencies. The information transferred serves to identify you and to verify your creditworthiness with regard to the order you have placed. Please refer to the PayPal Privacy Policy for more information on the credit agencies PayPal transfers data to and which data is collected, processed, stored and passed on by PayPal: https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-fullUSING STRIPE AS A PAYMENT METHODFor the purpose to proceed with payments we use Stripe. Stripe is a service from Stripe, Inc, 185 Berry Street, Suite 550, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Your data will be sent to a server operated by Stripe, Inc in the United States.You can find more information about Stripe here:https://stripe.com/privacyStripe also participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. For more information and to view the Privacy Shield policy, go here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L1HMAA0&status=ActiveUSE OF GOOGLE ADWORDSFor purposes of promotion, our TI Website also employs the Google ad tool "Google-Adwords". As part of this, our TI Website employs the analysis service "Conversion-Tracking" from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. If you access our site by way of a Google ad, a cookie is placed on your computer. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores to your computer. These so-called "conversion cookies" cease to be active after 30 days and are not used to identify you personally. If you visit certain pages of our TI Website while the cookie is still active, we and Google know that you, as user, have clicked on ads placed on Google and were redirected to our site. Google uses the information obtained through "conversion cookies" to compile statistics for our TI Website. These statistics tell us the total number of users who have clicked on our ad as well as which pages of our site were then accessed by each user. However, neither we nor other advertisers who use "Google-Adwords" receive any kind of information that can be used to personally identify users. You can prevent the installation of "conversion cookies" by making the appropriate change to your browser settings, for example by setting your browser so that the automatic placement of cookies is deactivated or by blocking cookies from the domain "googleadservices.com“.You can obtain the relevant data privacy policy from Google at the following link:https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.htmlINFORMATION / CANCELLATION / DELETIONOn the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.If you wish to exercise any of these rights or have any questions about this policy, please contact:The Data Protection OfficerTransparency International e. V.Alt Moabit 9610559 Berlin, Germanyor please email us: dataprotection [at] transparency [dot] orgSample Data Privacy Policy Statement provided by the Law Offices of Weiß & Partner
Subscribe to our weekly newsletter
First name *
Last name *
Email address *
Your registration is almost complete. Please go to your inbox and confirm your email address in the email we just sent to you