http://www.fdic.gov/policies/
Skip Header
The .gov means it’s official.
Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before
sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal
government site.
The site is secure.
The https:// ensures that you are connecting to
the official website and that any information you provide is
encrypted and transmitted securely.
Home
Policies
Website Policies
Last Updated: July 22, 2020
Share This:
General Disclaimer
Access to or use of the FDIC website constitutes consent to the following terms.
The FDIC has taken reasonable measures to ensure that the information and data presented on this website is accurate and current. However, the FDIC makes no express or implied warranty regarding such information or data, and hereby expressly disclaims all legal liability and responsibility to persons or entities who use or access this site and its content, based on their reliance on any information or data that is available through this website.
The information available on this website is not intended to constitute and should not be considered as legal advice, nor is it intended to substitute for obtaining legal advice from competent, independent, legal counsel in the relevant jurisdiction. Transmission and receipt of this information is not intended to create and does not constitute an attorney-client relationship. This website does not purport to authoritatively interpret current federal statutes, regulations, orders or other federal authority, nor does it bind the FDIC or any other federal agency or entity with regard to the matters presented.
The content of this website is not designed or intended to provide authoritative financial, accounting, investment, or other professional advice which may be reasonably relied on by its readers. If expert assistance in this area is required, the services of a qualified professional should be sought.
Reference to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacture, or otherwise does not constitute an endorsement, a recommendation, or a favoring by the FDIC or the United States government.
The FDIC website provides links to other websites for convenience and informational purposes only. Users should be aware that when they select a link on the FDIC's website to an external website, they are leaving the FDIC's site. Linked sites are not under the control of FDIC, and FDIC is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. FDIC is not responsible for any transmission received from a linked site. The inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement by FDIC of the site, its content, advertisers or sponsors. External sites may contain information that is copyrighted with restrictions on reuse. Permission to use copyrighted materials must be obtained from the original source and cannot be obtained from the FDIC.
This government computer system employs software security programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Such attempts are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
This general disclaimer is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other disclaimers found on pages, applications or programs within this site. In addition, the terms of this disclaimer extend to the FDIC, its directors, officers, and employees.
Back to top
Information Quality
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Guidelines for Ensuring and Maximizing the Quality, Objectivity, Utility, and Integrity of Information Disseminated to the Public by the FDIC
Introduction
On September 28, 2001, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) published guidelines in the Federal Register requiring federal agencies to develop procedures for reviewing and substantiating the quality of their information before it is disseminated to the public. OMB's quality guidelines for dissemination of information to the public were issued under Section 515 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106-554) and were revised and reissued on February 22, 2002. The guidelines require that each agency create a mechanism by which affected persons may seek, and obtain where appropriate, correction of information disseminated by the agency that does not comply with the agency's or OMB's guidelines. Starting in January 2004, agencies are required to submit an annual report to OMB detailing the number, nature, and resolution of any requests for a Section 515 correction.
Background
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) provides information including economic and statistical reports, research and staff studies, educational brochures, booklets, and pamphlets to a broad spectrum of individuals and organizations including the public. The FDIC is committed to following the suggested OMB guidelines and agrees with the underlying principles that the guidelines apply to a wide variety of government information dissemination activities ranging in importance and scope; that the guidelines are generic enough to fit all media whether printed, electronic or other form; and that they have the flexibility for the FDIC to incorporate any special data quality requirements for specific types of publications. Clearly, the more significant the information, the higher the quality standards to which it should be held, e.g., influential scientific, financial or statistical information.
The FDIC takes pride in the quality, objectivity, utility, and integrity of the information that it disseminates to the public. Before any information or data are released, the FDIC utilizes an established set of quality procedures to ensure accuracy and value.
Definitions
The definitions below are derived from the OMB guidelines published in the Federal Register on February 22, 2002 (67FR8459-8460).
Quality:
Quality is an encompassing term that includes objectivity, utility, and integrity. Therefore, the guidelines may refer to the above four terms, collectively, as "quality."
Objectivity:
Objectivity includes whether disseminated information is accurate, clear, complete, and unbiased both in presentation and substance. In a financial or statistical context, the original and supporting data shall be generated, and the analytic results shall be developed, using sound statistical and research methods.
Utility:
Utility refers to the usefulness of the information to the FDIC and to the public users.
Integrity:
Integrity refers to the security of the information, protection of the information from unauthorized access or revision, to ensure that the information has not been compromised in any manner.
Influential:
When used regarding financial or statistical information, influential means that the FDIC can reasonably determine that dissemination of the information will have or does have a clear and substantial impact on important public policies or important private sector decisions.
Reproducibility:
Reproducibility means that the statistical and financial data disseminated by the FDIC is capable of being substantially reproduced by an independent evaluator, subject to some degree of imprecision.
Transparency:
Transparency means that the sources, methods, procedures, references, and assumptions employed to create the information are provided.
FDIC Information Quality Guidelines
The FDIC has created the following guidelines to promulgate its quality standards and formalize its correction mechanism. The FDIC will continue to disseminate information that meets the agency's high standards as confirmed by stringent internal review and approval processes. The Corporation is committed to integrating the principle of information quality into every step of its development of information, including its creation, collection, maintenance and dissemination. The policies and procedures that the FDIC currently has in place ensure, to the best of the Corporation's ability, that the quality of the information and data released to the public is accurate and appropriate and meets the FDIC's internal definitions of objectivity, utility, and integrity in accordance with the OMB guidelines.
The FDIC uses proven practices and standard review methods for ensuring quality and its key constituents: objectivity, utility, and integrity. The FDIC recognizes the need to address these constituents in unique ways.
Objectivity refers to the accuracy, reliability, and unbiased nature of the information. The FDIC's information products are presented in an unbiased, clear, complete and well-documented manner. The FDIC uses a variety of methods to achieve objectivity, utilizing both internal and external resources. It uses highly reliable review sources for corroboration and seeks public comment as appropriate. It also conducts specialized surveys and peer reviews using methodologies that are consistent with generally accepted industry standards for all aspects of survey design and implementation. The FDIC makes both original and supporting data and the source of the data available when appropriate. The Corporation's methods are transparent unless it must protect proprietary or confidential information. Transparency is achieved by referencing sources, identifying statistical methods employed, and utilizing sound research and analytical techniques.
The FDIC has several specialized committees that conduct cross-divisional reviews to ensure information currency and work together to modify or change some of the Corporation's major publications. Data provided to the FDIC for various outputs, including statistical releases and consumer education and guidance, are subjected to a variety of informational editing processes and levels of review.
Utility refers to the usefulness of information to its intended users. The FDIC seeks to ensure utility by regularly conducting structured reviews of key information output products to ensure they are current. The Corporation also continually seeks feedback from its target audiences to evaluate the utility of the products it disseminates. The FDIC strives to make its key information distributions available through its website in order to enhance the material's availability to the public. FDIC subject matter experts are actively involved in the banking and regulatory industry to ensure timeliness and value in the presentation of the Corporation's distributed products.
Integrity refers to the security of information from unauthorized access or revision to ensure that the information is not compromised through corruption or falsification. Secure information systems are essential to providing high-quality information to the public and to protect critical systems and information. The FDIC has instituted a comprehensive set of policies, procedures, guidelines and controls for security.
FDIC Complaint and Appeals Process
These guidelines permit persons to seek and, where warranted, obtain correction of non-compliant information or data disseminated by the FDIC.
If you believe that information disseminated by the FDIC does not comply with OMB or FDIC guidelines, you may seek correction of this information by submitting a "Section 515 Complaint" to the FDIC, in accordance with the procedure set forth in this section. These are known as Section 515 Complaints because the FDIC's data quality guidelines are issued pursuant to Section 515 of Public Law 106-554. The existence of the Section 515 procedure does not preclude you from contacting the FDIC by other methods to inquire about information disseminations or requesting corrections.
On occasion, the FDIC may disseminate a study, analysis, or other information prior to taking final agency action or issuing an information product. In such cases, the FDIC will consider a Section 515 Complaint relating to the study, analysis or other information only where: (1) the FDIC determines that a response in advance of the final agency action or information product would not unduly delay issuance of the agency action or information product and; (2) you demonstrate a reasonable likelihood that you will suffer actual harm from the FDIC's dissemination if the FDIC does not resolve your complaint prior to the final agency action or information product.
By submitting a Section 515 complaint, the FDIC will track your complaint separately from other informal inquiries and you will have an appeal right if you disagree with the FDIC's initial response.
How to Submit a Section 515 Complaint with the FDIC
You may submit a Section 515 Complaint by mail, personal delivery, fax, or email to the FDIC using the following contact information:
Mailing Address:
FDIC Public Information Center
Section 515
3501 North Fairfax Drive, Room E-1002
Arlington, VA 22226
Fax Number:
(703) 562-2296
Email Address:
publicinfo@fdic.gov
In order to be considered a Section 515 Complaint by the FDIC, your request must:
Contain a statement that you are submitting a complaint pursuant to "Section 515 of Public Law 106-554."
Include your contact information:
Name and mailing address
Telephone number and email address, if available; and
The name of the organization you are affiliated with.
Identify and describe the information or data that you seek to have corrected, including, for example, the number or title of the document(s) in which the information appears, the date of release, or the URL of the Web page on which the information was disseminated by the FDIC.
Specify the reasons you believe the information or data is in error for failure to comply with the FDIC or OMB guidelines, provide a statement of what you believe the correct information or data to be, and state how you believe the data should be corrected. Where possible, state specific reasons and examples.
Describe how the disseminated information affects you; i.e., the harm that has come to you or may reasonably be expected to come to you as a result of the information disseminated by FDIC.
The complainant has the responsibility of clearly presenting the basis for a Section 515 Complaint. As a preliminary matter, the FDIC may determine that your complaint does not meet the threshold requirements for processing. For example, the FDIC may decline to process complaints that do not contain sufficient information; or request correction of information not covered by the guidelines. The FDIC may also reject or deny Section 515 Complaints that do not contain the required information or are too general or vague for the FDIC to make a determination regarding the validity of the complaint. You may seek review of such determinations under the appeals process described below.
Review of Section 515 Complaints by the FDIC
Upon receipt of a properly filed Section 515 Complaint, the FDIC will carefully review the substance of your complaint and any supporting material and will consider whether any changes or corrections to the data are warranted. This review will be conducted by a representative from the FDIC Division or Office that generated or disseminated the information or data.
The FDIC will make a good faith effort to respond to complaints in writing within 60 calendar days of receipt. If your request requires more than 60 calendar days to resolve, the FDIC will advise you that more time is required, state the reason(s) more time is required and provide you with an estimated decision date. The format of the response will depend on the character and volume of requests. For example, if the FDIC receives numerous requests concerning the same data or information, it may provide a response through a press release or on its website. Other requests may receive an individual response by letter, fax or email.
Complainant's Right to an Appeal
If you are not satisfied with the FDIC's determination of your Section 515 Complaint, you may file a Section 515 Appeal with the FDIC in order to seek a final determination. In order to be considered by the FDIC, a Section 515 Appeal must be submitted as follows:
The appeal must contain a statement that you are submitting an appeal pursuant to "Section 515 of Public Law 106-554."
The appeal must be mailed, delivered in person, faxed, or emailed to the appropriate FDIC address.
The appeal must be received by the FDIC within 30 calendar days of the date you received the determination you are appealing. The FDIC may consider an untimely appeal if it is accompanied by a request for leave to file an untimely appeal and the FDIC determines, in its discretion and for good and substantial cause shown, that the appeal should be considered.
The appeal shall state reasons why the FDIC should reconsider its action, and relevant facts that, for good cause shown, were not previously presented to the FDIC.
The FDIC will make a good faith effort to issue a final determination regarding an appeal within 60 calendar days of its receipt of the appeal. This time may be extended in appropriate circumstances. If your appeal requires more than 60 calendar days to resolve, the FDIC will advise you that more time is required, state the reason(s) more time is required and provide you with an estimated decision date. The format of the FDIC's final determination will depend on the character and volume of appeals filed. For example, if the FDIC receives numerous appeals concerning the same data or information, it may provide its final determination through a press release or on its website. In other cases, the FDIC may issue its final determination in the form of an individual response by letter, fax or email. The FDIC may reconsider a denial while an appeal is pending, if intervening circumstances or additional facts not known at the time of the denial come to attention of the FDIC. Appeals will be referred to the Division or Office Director for determination.
Correction Requests Received
The FDIC received no requests for information quality corrections during
the 2019 fiscal year. Any such requests received in the future will be posted here.
Privacy Statement
The FDIC is authorized to collect the information you provide under Section 515 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001. It is needed to process complaints and appeals filed under these guidelines. The information you furnish is almost never used for any purpose other than to process and respond to your request. However, the FDIC may disclose information you provide (e.g., to a Congressional Office or to the Department of Justice) if authorized or required by Federal law, such as the Privacy Act.
Back to top
FDIC Publishing Policy
The FDIC makes all non-sensitive agency information available to the public via its Internet website.
Since all information is published as soon as it is available, there is no process for setting priorities.
FDIC strives to make information available as soon as possible, recognizing the agency's responsibility for ensuring the information is accurate and complete.
Each cyclical publication displays its publication schedule on the opening page. Non-cyclical publications are updated on an "as needed" basis.
Back to top
Limited English Proficiency
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) is
committed to improving access to its programs and activities for people whose
primary language is not English.  To the
extent these people have a limited ability to read, write, speak, or understand
the English language, they have Limited English Proficiency (LEP).
The FDIC conducts a variety of programs and activities designed to address the concerns of consumers and providers of financial services.  The FDIC's most innovative
program in this regard is the Money Smart financial education curriculum. This program is designed to help low- and moderate-income individuals outside the financial mainstream
enhance their financial skills and create positive banking relationships.  The instructor-led version of Money Smart is available in Braille and
large print for the visually impaired, English, Chinese, Haitian Creole, Hindi,
Hmong, Korean, Russian, Spanish, and Vietnamese.
The FDIC's popular deposit insurance information brochure, "Your Insured Deposit," and the simplified brochure, "Deposit Insurance at a Glance," describe the FDIC's rules for deposit insurance coverage of insured depository institutions and answer frequently asked questions about the FDIC's insurance rules. These brochures are available online and in hard copy. "Your Insured Deposits" is available
in the following languages: English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Korean, Tagalog, and Vietnamese. "Deposit Insurance at a Glance," is available in English and Spanish.
Please periodically consult the FDIC's "Understanding Deposit Insurance" web page for updates.
The FDIC's video - Overview on Deposit Insurance Coverage
- explains how deposit insurance works, with specific emphasis on the most
common ownership categories used by individuals and families.  This video is available in English and Spanish
at “Deposit
Insurance Videos,” and also on the FDIC's YouTube channel,
and in DVD.
The FDIC makes an "En Español" link
available in the footer of every page of the FDIC.gov website to provide access
to the FDIC's Spanish language materials.
The FDIC's plan is to provide meaningful access to its
programs and activities to people with Limited English Proficiency.
Factors Considered
Products Available in Other Languages
The FDIC is committed to making its consumer publications readily accessible and identifiable by people with Limited English Proficiency.
Therefore, the FDIC will explore opportunities to provide links on its website that include other language options for access to FDIC educational and informational materials.
The FDIC will continue to evaluate and expand its
programs and activities in an effort to better serve people with Limited
English Proficiency interested in receiving information regarding banking
services.  This website will be updated
as publications and information in other language options become available.
Back to top
Contacting the FDIC about This Website
If you are concerned about how information about you may have been used in connection with this website, or you have questions about the FDIC's privacy policy and information practices you should contact:
FDIC Webmaster
FDIC
550 17th Street, N.W.
Washington, DC 20429
E-mail: webmaster@fdic.gov
Electronic mail is not necessarily secure. You should be very cautious when sending electronic mail containing sensitive, confidential information. As an alternative, you should give consideration to sending it by postal mail.
Back to top
Links:
Website Policies
General Disclaimer
Information Quality
FDIC Publishing Policy
Limited English Proficiency
Contacting the FDIC about This Website
Privacy Policy
Plain Writing Act of 2010
About the FDIC:
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) is an independent agency
created by the Congress to maintain stability and public confidence in the
nation's financial system. The FDIC insures deposits; examines and
supervises financial institutions for safety, soundness, and consumer
protection; makes large and complex financial institutions resolvable; and
manages receiverships.
Learn More