https://www.banasfamilylaw.com/privacy-policy-2/
Contact Us
Make a Payment
For New Clients
(651) 361-8109
991 Sibley Memorial Highway									Suite 200
St. Paul,
MN
55118
Email:
Menu
Home
Firm Overview
Attorneys
Christopher Banas
Lisa Page Banas
Practice Areas
Adoption
Alimony
Child Custody
Custody Evaluation
Division of Assets
Divorce
Grandparent Visitation
Mediation
Parenting Consultant
Parenting Time
Parenting Time Expediator
Paternity
Post-Decree Disputes
Third Party Custody or Visitation
Articles
Links
Why Banas Family Law
Why Banas Family Law
Testimonials
Contact Us
Helping Minnesota Families Through Difficult Times
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Banas Family Law (“we”). This privacy policy is intended both to: 1) describe how our website may collect and use information from your Internet enabled device (i.e. your computer, tablet, smartphone or other device — and browsers or apps used to access the Internet), and 2) describe how you may opt out of any such collection and use. Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy policy.
Data collection and cookies. Features or partners of our website may collect data including, but not limited to: the number of visitors to our site, the time spent on our site and pages clicked, the types of devices used to access our site, and the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of visitors. We use this information to improve our website and marketing. This data is collected by sending cookies (or similar tracking technology) to your device. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; if you previously provided personally identifiable information, however, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties; and this privacy policy does not cover third parties’ use of cookies. You may configure your device to limit or prevent access by cookies, such as to notify you when you receive a cookie, to block all cookies, or to delete existing cookies.
Partners and features that collect information. Our website marketing partners or features that collect data as described above may include, among others, Google Analytics, other analytics programs, and Google AdWords remarketing service. Remarketing involves tracking devices that have visited our website in order to display ads for our services on other websites. Use these links to learn how Google uses data it collects, to prevent Google Analytics from using data from your device, or to opt out of Google’s interest-based ads.
Information you send us. Please see our disclaimer, which generally addresses information you intentionally send us using e-mail or any contact form on this website. If you submit your name or contact information to us, we may use it to send you information about our services. You may opt out of receiving further information from us by contacting us or, where applicable, by using an “unsubscribe” option included in our communications. We will not sell or give your personally identifying information to other parties for their own direct advertising purposes.
For California residents. As described above, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for their own use in direct marketing. The information above also explains how you may opt out of permitting our website or partners from collecting information from your device.
Changes to this policy. We reserve the right to update this policy. If we make updates, we will change the modification date below.
Last modified. March 7, 2018
Practice AreasArticlesMeet Our Attorneys
Confidential Contact
Name*
First
PhoneEmail Address*
MessageCAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Recent MN Family Law News
17
Different approaches to divorce – Traditional litigation
July 17th, 2014
Traditional litigation is the image most people have when they think of divorce. In traditional litigation, each party is represented by an attorney who presents their side of the case to a judge. While that doesn’t necessarily mean that the pa…
Read More
Read More From Our Blog
Twin City Divorce Attorneys
Twin Cities divorce attorney Christopher M. Banas concentrates his practice in all areas of family law, including a growing focus on the collaborative law process. Chris Banas works with clients in St. Paul, Minneapolis, and other Twin Cities suburbs…
Read More
Read More About Chris Banas
Contact Us
991 Sibley Memorial Highway
Suite 200
St. Paul,
MN
55118
Phone:
(651) 361-8109
Fax:
(651) 414-6452
Email:
© 2020 Banas Family Law
View Our Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy
St. Paul, MN Divorce Lawyers
Law Firm Website Design by The Modern Firm
Copyright © 2020
Banas Family Law
COVID-19 ALERT
COVID-19 Quarantine Update
In regards to Covid-19,  We are reviewing the best guidelines for our city and state for how
we should conduct business and plan to update this message as soon as we can.
Please call our office(s) to get learn how we are engaging with current clients and new at this time.
CLOSE