https://www.hshv.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
loading...
The Humane Society of Huron Valley has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL www.hshv.org. Humane Society of Huron Valley will not sell, trade or share a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Humane Society of Huron Valley reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of;
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;
and, How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Humane Society of Huron Valley by sending an email to development@hshv.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address:
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”:
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security:
All information provided to Humane Society of Huron Valley is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Humane Society of Huron Valley. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend:
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. Humane Society of Huron Valley will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. Humane Society of Huron Valley stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Web Sites:
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which Humane Society of Huron Valley has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Donor Privacy Policy
Tax laws in the United States and the State of Michigan require HSHV to keep contact information and contribution level of donors on file. HSHV collects personal information from donors that includes: amount donated, address, telephone number, donor comments and e-mail address. HSHV will never publish, sell, trade, rent names, share names e-mail or mail addresses, or telephone numbers of our donors.  We allow donors the option to have their name publicly associated with their donation unless the donor explicitly chooses the “anonymous” field when donating. HSHV will periodically contact donors in regards to solicitation, updates about programs and services, and upcoming events.  Donors not interested in being contacted may opt out of these contacts by notifying the Humane Society of Huron Valley.
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
Humane Society of Huron Valley
3100 Cherry Hill Rd
Ann Arbor, MI 48105
You can also send an email to: development@hshv.org
Humane Society of Huron Valley
ADOPTIONS
Mon-Weds: 11 am to 6 pm
Thurs-Friday: 11 am to 7 pm
Sat-Sun: 11 am to 5 pm
CLINIC
Mon-Fri: 9 am to 7 pm
(Surgery drop-off 8 am)
Sat-Sun: 9 am to 4 pm
Call (734) 662-4365 for appointment;
please, no walk-ins.
INTAKE
9 am to 5 pm, 7 days a week
To serve you best, please call our
Intake Department prior to
coming in: (734) 661-3528