https://www.lanealton.com/privacy-policy/
(614) 228-6885
Menu
Home
Who We Are
Who We Are
Our Clients
Our History
In the Community
Why Choose Us
Attorneys
Practice Areas
News
Contact Us
Home › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Lane Alton (“we”). This privacy policy is intended both to: 1) describe how our website may collect and use information from your Internet enabled device (i.e. your computer, tablet, smartphone or other device — and browsers or apps used to access the Internet), and 2) describe how you may opt out of any such collection and use. Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy policy. Data collection and cookies. Features or partners of our website may collect data including, but not limited to: the number of visitors to our site, the time spent on our site and pages clicked, the types of devices used to access our site, and the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of visitors. We use this information to improve our website and marketing. This data is collected by sending cookies (or similar tracking technology) to your device. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; if you previously provided personally identifiable information, however, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties; and this privacy policy does not cover third parties’ use of cookies. You may configure your device to limit or prevent access by cookies, such as to notify you when you receive a cookie, to block all cookies, or to delete existing cookies. Partners and features that collect information. Our website marketing partners or features that collect data as described above may include, among others, Google Analytics, other analytics programs, and Google AdWords remarketing service. Remarketing involves tracking devices that have visited our website in order to display ads for our services on other websites. Use these links to learn how Google uses data it collects, to prevent Google Analytics from using data from your device, or to opt out of Google’s interest-based ads. Information you send us. Please see our disclaimer, which generally addresses information you intentionally send us using e-mail or any contact form on this website. If you submit your name or contact information to us, we may use it to send you information about our services. You may opt out of receiving further information from us by contacting us or, where applicable, by using an “unsubscribe” option included in our communications. We will not sell or give your personally identifying information to other parties for their own direct advertising purposes. For California residents. As described above, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for their own use in direct marketing. The information above also explains how you may opt out of permitting our website or partners from collecting information from your device. Changes to this policy. We reserve the right to update this policy. If we make updates, we will change the modification date below. Last modified. October 10, 2016
Practice Areas
ADA / FHA Access and Discrimination Claims
Banking
Business Services
Construction
Estate Planning & Probate Administration
First Party Insurance Litigation
Legal Malpractice Defense
Liquor Law and Licensing
Litigation
Medical Malpractice and Nursing Home Defense
Pharmacy
Product Defects and Workplace Safety
Real Estate
Real Property Tax Valuation and Exemptions
Retail, Grocery, and Restaurants
School Law
Stockbroker Arbitration
Trade Associations, Labor and Employment
Trucking and Common Carriers
Local Counsel/Pro Hac Vice
Personal Injury Litigation
Fill Out This Form to Schedule a Consultation
First
I agree to the website disclaimer*
By submitting this form I understand that contacting the firm through the website does not start an attorney/client relationship PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Featured Practice Area
Retail, Grocery, and Restaurants
Lane Alton has a long history of representing national retailers, grocers, restaurants, and banks in premise liability claims, including slip and fall, negligent security/loss prevention claims, 3rd party criminal acts, tender of product liability claims to suppliers and early claim investigation. With respect to restaurants, Bob Walter serves as counsel to the Ohio Restaurant Association. Chris Paparodis served as Chief of various divisions of the Ohio Department of Liquor Control and Ed Hubbard is a former food service professional who remains ServSafe certified to assist clients in matters…
See All Practice Areas
Featured Attorney
Eric S. Bravo
For over 20 years I have represented clients in all sorts of business litigation, ensuring that a client’s positions are clearly, forcefully and convincingly argued to the court and opposing parties. I have also argued before nearly all of Ohio’s…
See All Attorneys
News
Dec
8
Lane Alton Attorneys Selected Super Lawyers 2021
December 8th, 2020
Lane Alton is pleased to announce that seven of its lawyers are on the Super Lawyers and one lawyer is on the Top 50 Columbus Lawyers lists for 2021. Super Lawyers 2021: Joseph A. Gerling – Personal Injury Edward Hubbard – Civil Litigatio…
Read More
Read More From Our Blog
Lane Alton | Two Miranova Place | Suite 220 | Columbus, OH 43215-7050 Phone: (614) 228-6885
|
Fax: (614) 228-0146
|
Email:
Valet parking provided at building entrance between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM. Nearby metered parking is also available. See Directions.
© 2020 Lane Alton View Our Disclaimer | Privacy PolicyLaw Firm Website Design by The Modern Firm
Copyright © 2020
Lane Alton
COVID-19 ALERT
COVID-19 Quarantine Update
In regards to Covid-19,  We are reviewing the best guidelines for our city and state for how
we should conduct business and plan to update this message as soon as we can.
Please call our office(s) to get learn how we are engaging with current clients and new at this time.
CLOSE