https://www.americanpolishcenter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer Address: 2975 E. Maple Rd., Troy, MI 48083  |  Phone: (248) 689-3636
facebook
twitter
youtube
mail
It is American Polish Cultural Center’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.americanpolishcenter.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “https://www.americanpolishcenter.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.This Privacy Policy set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website VisitorsLike most website operators, American Polish Cultural Center collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. American Polish Cultural Center’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how American Polish Cultural Center’s visitors use its website.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to American Polish Cultural Center’s websites choose to interact with American Polish Cultural Center in ways that require American Polish Cultural Center to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that American Polish Cultural Center gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links To External SitesOur Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.CookiesTo enrich and perfect your online experience, American Polish Cultural Center uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. American Polish Cultural Center uses cookies to help American Polish Cultural Center identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.americanpolishcenter.com, and their website access preferences. American Polish Cultural Center visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using American Polish Cultural Center’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of American Polish Cultural Center’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to American Polish Cultural Center’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, American Polish Cultural Center may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in American Polish Cultural Center’s sole discretion. American Polish Cultural Center encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact InformationAmerican Polish Cultural Center2975 E. Maple Rd. MI, United StatesPhone: (248) 689-3636
FooterContact Information
American Polish Cultural Center
Address: 2975 E. Maple Rd.
Troy, MI 48083
MAP & DIRECTIONS
Phone: (248) 689-3636
Fax: (248) 689-0128
Contact Us
Restaurant & Office Hours
Monday – CLOSED
Tuesday – 11:00 AM- 6:00 PM
Wednesday – 11:00 AM- 6:00 PM
Thursday – 11:00 AM- 6:00 PM
Friday – 11:00 AM- 6:00 PM
Saturday – 11:00 AM- 6:00 PM
Sunday – 11:00 AM- 6:00 PM