http://www.jwa.org/privacy
Skip to main content
With your help, JWA programs and resources can enrich lives, build resilience, and sustain hope for a better world. Join our effort today with a contribution to JWA by December 31. Thank you!
Close [x]Show [+]
Main menu
Profiles
View Profiles
Collections
Encyclopedia
We Celebrate
Women Rabbis
Power Couples
Women of Valor
The Feminist Revolution
This Week in History
We Remember
Community Stories
Western Pioneers
350 Years of Jews in North America
The American Jewess Journal (1895-1899)
Programs
Celebrating Suffrage
Story Aperture
Rising Voices Fellowship
Archiving #MeToo
Book Club
Events
Education
Online History Courses
Activities and Puzzles
Lesson Plans
Teaching Tools
Professional Development
Twersky Education Fellowship
Multimedia Gallery
Browse the Multimedia Gallery
About
Mission
Staff
Board of Directors
Advisory Councils
Career & Volunteer Opportunities
Support Us
Contact Us
Secondary Menu
Blog
Podcast
Shop
Donate
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
[Last Updated June 18, 2019]
The Jewish Women’s Archive, Inc. (“JWA,” “We,” or “Us”) is committed to providing an educational, entertaining, and safe experience for people of all ages and is dedicated to safeguarding any personal information collected from individuals using websites owned and operated by JWA. This Privacy Policy explains the policies and procedures relating to such collection.
I. TO WHICH WEBSITES DOES THE JWA PRIVACY POLICY APPLY?
This Privacy Policy applies to jwa.org, which is created and maintained by JWA.
Please note that by using this Website, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, you may not use the Website. In the event we add websites to those covered by this Privacy Policy, we will provide an easily identifiable link to this Privacy Policy on each such site.
We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or delete portions of the Privacy Policy at any time. We will provide notice of such changes by posting the updated policy on the Website and changing the “last updated” date listed above. Your use of the Website after such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of the changes. We encourage you to regularly review Our Privacy Policy and Our Terms of Use, which incorporate the Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online and does not apply to information that may be collected by JWA offline. In addition, as discussed below, this Privacy Policy does not extend to third party websites maintained by companies or organizations other than JWA to which JWA may provide links on the websites (“Linked Sites”).
II. WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DOES JWA COLLECT FROM USERS?
We may collect information about your activity on the Website (such as logging IP addresses) for routine system administrative purposes, to make our Website more interesting and useful, or to manage content delivery. For example, we use technology to track traffic patterns on the Website. Once you access any one of the Website, we use logs of database transactions and server interactions to track where you go and what you do on the site. We use this data to understand how the Website are being used, so that we may improve the user experience.
JWA uses “cookies,” which are pieces of information sent to your computer while you view a website. JWA may place cookies on your computer in order to collect aggregate information for site traffic analysis, such as the number of visitors to the Website and the number of webpages viewed on the Website. The aggregate information we collect through cookies helps JWA monitor how you and other visitors use the Website, which allows us to optimize the user experience and improve service. This information is not associated with any personally identifiable information.
JWA does not collect any other personal information that you do not expressly provide. JWA may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide when you, for example, respond to polls or surveys, add content or comments to our Website or blog, register for electronic mailings, sign up for additional services, or communicate with us by mail or telephone or electronically. JWA will not disclose your personal information to any third party without your consent, except as detailed below in Section V.
III. DOES JWA COMPLY WITH THE CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ACT (COPPA)?
As a non-profit organization, JWA is exempt from the COPPA law. It is vitally important to JWA that young people using the Website are safe, and that the experience is appropriate to a young child. Therefore, JWA applies COPPA-like precautions to notify parents, collect information, and manage its website.
IV. HOW CAN I ACCESS, CHANGE, OR DELETE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
Should you wish to have your personal information removed from JWA’s server, you are required to contact JWA and request such removal.
V. WHAT KINDS OF SECURITY MEASURES DOES JWA TAKE TO SAFEGUARD PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
JWA uses general best practices to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personal information collected on the Website. We use physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to ensure that personal information is accessible only to authorized employees, agents, and officers of JWA who require such information to perform their jobs.
JWA may disclose personal information when it is required to do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, or other activity that is illegal or may expose a user or JWA to legal liability. In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, JWA’s user information may be transferred to our successor or assignee.
Our Website may contain certain links to third parties’ websites (“Linked Sites”). Linked Sites are not reviewed, controlled, or examined by JWA in any way and JWA is not responsible for the content, availability, advertising, products or other materials of any such Linked Sites, or any additional links contained therein. These links do not imply JWA’s endorsement of or association with the Linked Sites. Unless otherwise indicated on the Linked Sites, JWA is not sponsored by or affiliated with the Linked Sites. Trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property used in connection with the Linked Sites are not the intellectual property of JWA.
JWA provides Linked Sites purely as a service to users. In no event shall JWA be liable, directly or indirectly, to anyone for any loss or damage arising from or occasioned by the creation or use of the Linked Sites or the information or material accessed through these Linked Sites. JWA specifically disclaims responsibility for anyone under 13 years of age viewing material intended for adults on any such Linked Sites. Please consult the Linked Sites’ individual privacy policies in order to determine how they treat user information.
VI. USER SUBMISSIONS
You may submit for display or use or distribution to others through the Website stories, information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, or other materials (collectively, “User Submissions”) including without limitation submissions via any of JWA’s collecting projects at jwa.org/stories or JWA’s Story Aperture mobile application.
If you are under 18 years of age, you must first (a) review this Privacy Policy and Our Terms with your parent or legal guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand them, and (b) have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to submit to JWA your User Submissions.
We do not claim ownership of your User Submissions—as between you and JWA, you own all rights to your User Submissions. However, subject to the opt-out options available at the time of submission to JWA, you grant to JWA and our affiliates, representatives, sublicensees and assigns an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, sublicensable, assignable, transferrable and royalty-free license throughout the universe to use, distribute, syndicate, license, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform, create derivative works and publicly display your User Submissions (in whole or in part) in any format or medium now known or later developed; provided, however, that our exercise of our rights under the foregoing license shall at all times be subject to the limitations upon disclosure of your User Submissions imposed on us under our Privacy Policy. We own all rights, title, and interests in any compilation, collective work and other derivative work created by Us using or incorporating your User Submissions.
We do not investigate, verify, examine or authenticate User Submissions, and you agree that you are solely responsible for the content of your User Submissions. We are not required to use, display or distribute your User Submissions. You represent and warrant that your User Submissions and our authorized use of such submissions do not and will not infringe the rights of any third party including, without limitation, intellectual property rights, rights of privacy or publicity, or any other personal, legal or moral rights. As noted in our Terms, the rights granted under this Section will survive the termination of those Terms.
VII. HOW DO I ASK A QUESTION OR FILE A COMPLAINT WITH JWA?
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or JWA’s information collection practices, please contact us using the online form
or at:
Jewish Women’s Archive
One Harvard St.
Brookline, MA, 02445
P: (617) 232-2258Thank you for taking the time to review Privacy Policy and our Terms. Please continue to enjoy the Website.
The Jewish Women’s Archive
How to cite this pageJewish Women's Archive. "Privacy Policy." (Viewed on December 11, 2020) <https://jwa.org/privacy>.
Donate
Help us elevate the voices of Jewish women.
donate now
Listen to Our Podcast
Episode 53: Sabrina Orah Mark Writes Into Brokenness
Get JWA in your inbox
Monthly Newsletter
Blog
Book Club
Educator's Updates
Podcast
This Week in History
Enter your email