http://www.altmanweil.com/index.cfm/fa/i.home/privacy.cfm
Altman Weil Privacy Policy Altman Weil is committed to protecting the privacy of the
personally-identifiable material collected from you as you use this
website.
For each visitor to the site, our web server automatically
recognizes only the consumer's domain name but not the e-mail address.  We
collect only the domain name of visitors to our website; the e-mail addresses of
those who communicate with us via e-mail; aggregate information on what pages
visitors access; and information volunteered by the consumer.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our
website, to notify visitors about updates to our products and services, and to
contact visitors for marketing purposes.  It is not shared with third
parties.
We use cookies to record past activity at the site in order to
maintain visitor-selected preferences and settings only.
When we transfer and receive financial information, we redirect
visitors to a secure server.  We have appropriate security measures in
place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or
alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please
let us know by sending us an e-mail at info@altmanweil.com, calling us at (610)
886-2000, or writing to us at the address below.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive
periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or
upcoming events.   If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please
let us know by contacting us and providing us with your exact name and address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will
only receive telephone contact from us regarding orders they have placed
on-line.
Upon request we will provide individual site visitors with access
to all information, including contact information, financial and transactional
information and unique identifiers such as passwords that we maintain about
them.  Visitors to the site can review this information and/or have it
corrected by contacting us.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact us at the address, email or phone number below.
Altman Weil, Inc.3553 West Chester Pike, Box 326Newtown Square PA 19073U.S.A.
e-mail: info@altmanweil.com telephone: 610-886-2000
AW Select
Save this page
Sign Up for Altman Weil Direct
Keyword search
Search
Home
About Altman Weil
People
Practices & Services
Strategic Alliances
Seminars
Articles, News & Resources
© 2020 Altman Weil, Inc.  •  866.886.3600  •  Ask Altman Weil
Contact Us  •  Media Center  •  Privacy Policy  •  Site Map