http://www.choosegcg.com/terms-conditions/
close
How can we make your life easier?
First Name
Email
Phone
Comments/Questions
[recaptcha id:gcatp class:gcatp size:compact]
Search
Cases
Terms of Use
TERMS & CONDITIONS
GCG Terms of Use – To View this Document in French Please Click Here
Garden City Group, LLC, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, (“GCG”) provides the information and services on this Website (this “Site”) under the following terms of use, which govern your use of this Site and any information you provide to us through use of the Site.  By using this Site you (“User”) have agreed to these terms of use as stated below, as well as all applicable laws and regulations that may govern internet usage.
We reserve the right to modify the terms of use at any time. You should check the terms of use periodically for changes. By using this Site after we post any changes to the terms of use, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you have reviewed them. If at any time you choose not to accept these terms of use, please do not use this Site.  By utilizing this Site, your rights and obligations, as well as the rights and obligations of GCG, shall be governed, at GCG’s sole discretion, by the laws of the State of New York.
1. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIAL
The contents (“Contents”) of this Site are protected by copyright or other intellectual property laws. Unauthorized use of the Contents may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.  Users may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, publish, sell, license, create derivative works or otherwise use any information available on this Site for any public or commercial purpose. You must have our written permission to distribute copies of the information to others.
2. ACCURACY OF INFORMATION ON THE SITE
Although GCG seeks to provide accurate and updated information on this Site, we cannot guarantee that this is the case.  As such, we make no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Contents of the Site.  The information and Contents of this Site is provided “as is” and GCG disclaims all express or implied representations, warranties, and guaranties, including but not limited to any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, except to the extent such disclaimers are held to be legally invalid.
3. NO PROFESSIONAL OR LEGAL ADVICE
The information provided on the Site is distributed with the understanding that GCG is not rendering professional advice of any sort. The Contents of this Site cannot replace or substitute for the services of trained professionals in any field. If you have a question or issue requiring professional consultation relating to business, law, insurance, tax or financial planning or any other area you should consult a professional in the respective area. Any reliance on the information contained herein is solely at your risk.
4. FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SITE
No representation or warranty is given that any functions contained in the Site will be uninterrupted, error-free, virus-free, free from harmful components, or that any defects will be corrected.  No transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure.  By using this Site, you also consent to the terms of GCG’s Privacy Notice regarding the use and processing of personal information, and any and all other terms that may be set forth on this Site concerning the collection of personal information.
5. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This Site may contain links to websites owned, operated or maintained by parties other than GCG.  Such links are provided for your reference only.  GCG does not control third-party sites and is not responsible for their content.
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
OTHER THAN DAMAGES THAT ARISE UNDER APPLICABLE CONSUMER PROTECTION STATUTES, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL GCG BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM USE OF THIS SITE.
7. GENERAL
These terms, which shall be deemed to include the terms of our Privacy Notice, represent the entire understanding between you and GCG pertaining to this Site and it supersedes any and all other agreements, whether oral or in writing.  The failure of GCG to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms this Site shall not be construed as a waiver with regard to any subsequent failure to comply with such term or provision.  Any inquiries or concerns regarding these terms of use should be directed to the office of the General Counsel at (631) 470-5000.
Scroll To Top