http://www.bereskinparr.com/practicearea/privacy-cybersecurity-and-data-protection
Print
Share
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Favorites
PDF
Services
Our People
Insights & Resources
Articles
Podcasts
In the Media
Announcements
Events & Webinars
Events Calendar
Students
Life at Bereskin & Parr
Join Bereskin & Parr
Articling Program
Summer Program
Meet Our Students
Student Brochure
University Prizes
Students Events Calendar
Careers
Professionals
Business Services
Students
About Us
Overview
Clients
Diversity and Inclusion
Accolades
Contact Us
Toronto
Mississauga
Waterloo Region
Montréal
Subscribe
×
Confirmation
If you are not a current client of Bereskin & Parr LLP, please do not include any information in this email that you or someone else considers confidential. You do not become a client of the firm until the firm agrees to act for you and confirms representation in writing. Until that time what you send us cannot be protected from disclosure.
Cancel
Proceed
Privacy, Cybersecurity & Data Protection
Our privacy practice group provides advice to help you navigate increasingly complicated issues arising from the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. Data is often among a company’s most valuable assets and our team can help by giving practical advice tailored to your business. Our team has experience in related areas of law, including copyright and digital media, consumer protection and regulatory compliance matters. We can also advise on intellectual property and other measures to help protect data and databases.
We can help at every stage of the privacy process. We can help with ‘privacy by design’, and privacy impact assessments. We help companies understand how to develop new products and services while keeping privacy considerations at the forefront. We also assess the privacy implications of existing products and services and assist with compliance measures. We draft privacy policies and ‘just-in-time’ notices, and can advise on other measures to enhance the user experience to protect the company and provide better transparency to the consumer. We also draft internal company policies, from employee facing policies to incident response plans. In addition to proactive preparation, we can help clients react to and manage cybersecurity incidents by advising on legal requirements associated with notification to regulators, affected consumers and third party organizations.
We have trusted associates in jurisdictions throughout the world with whom we collaborate on privacy matters, with a view to global compliance.
Our Services
Advise clients on compliance with Canadian provincial and federal privacy legislation
Develop notices, policies and guidelines applicable to privacy issues, from privacy policies to incident response plans
Assist clients response to investigations and complaints filed with regulatory bodies
Help clients prepare for and manage data breaches
Draft cyber incident response plans and advise management teams on best practices and legal duties
Recent Articles
ArticleOctober 19, 2020
Tips for Preserving Trade Secrets in the Age of Virtual Meetings
ArticleAugust 6, 2020
Uber / Google Trade Secret Row Over Self-Driving Car Tech Hits End of Road: Settlement and Jail...
ArticleJuly 23, 2020
Privacy Issues and Canadian Businesses: Federal Privacy Commissioner Publishes Results of 2019-2020...
ArticleJune 23, 2020
Identifying and Enforcing Trade Secrets in the Food and Beverage Industry
ArticleMay 27, 2020
Protecting COVID IP from Cyber-Spies
ArticleMay 26, 2020
The Battle for Data - Mythbusting COVID-19 Headlines
view more
Practice Group Leader
Jennifer McKenzie
B.A. (Hons.), LL.B.
Partner
416.957.1628
All Practice Group Members
Webinars
Privacy Across Borders: Privacy and Access to Information Law
Ontario Bar Association (OBA)
September 17, 2020,
Online
Current Trends in Privacy Law for IP Professionals
IPIC
June 4, 2019,
Webinar
Privacy Law Primer
Bereskin & Parr LLP
November 15, 2017,
Online
Speaking Engagements
Personal Health Information: Artificial Intelligence and its Use of Health Data
Toronto Computer Lawyers Group (TCLG)
March 11, 2020,
Toronto, ON
Conversation on Artificial Intelligence and Privacy
OBA
September 17, 2019,
Toronto, ON
IP Seminar: Cannabis and AI
Bereskin & Parr
February 28, 2019,
Toronto, ON