https://www.osborneclarke.com/websiteterms-conditions/
Lawyers
Sectors
Transformation
Decarbonisation
Digitalisation
Urban Dynamics
Services
Insights
Events
Locations
About us
News
OC.TV
Careers
English
Website Terms and Conditions
Home / Website Terms and Conditions
This is the website of Osborne Clarke, an international legal practice. The site is owned by Osborne Clarke LLP, a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales (registered number OC397443) whose registered office is at One London Wall, London EC2Y 5EB. It is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority (SRA number 619990). A list of members of Osborne Clarke LLP and their professional qualifications is available for inspection at the registered office. Any advice given by any individual member, employee, or consultant is the responsibility of Osborne Clarke LLP and not the individual.
These terms and conditions govern your use of the Site and by accessing the Site you agree to be bound by them.
If any provision in these terms and conditions shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision or part of it shall, to the extent that it is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, be deemed not to form part of these terms and conditions and the legality, validity and enforceability of the remainder of these terms and conditions shall not be affected.
We may change these terms and conditions at any time without notice by updating this page and if you continue to access or use this Site we will consider that you have accepted any changes.
Please note that if you are an existing client of Osborne Clarke, or if you become a new client of Osborne Clarke, our services are subject to separate terms and conditions: these will be provided to you usually in the form of an Engagement Letter.
Definitions
References to “you” or “your” are references to any person accessing the Site and references to “we”, “us” or “our” are references to Osborne Clarke as appropriate.
References to the “Site” refer to one or more of osborneclarke.com; osborneclarke.co.uk; osborneclarke.it, osborneclarke.de, osborneclarke.es, osborneclarke.be and/or osborneclarke.fr
Please note that when we refer to “Osborne Clarke” we are referring to one or more of the member entities of Osborne Clarke Verein, a Swiss verein which does not itself provide legal or other client services. Each of the member entities is a separately constituted and regulated legal entity or partnership which provides legal and other client services in accordance with the laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. Further details of the member entities that provide legal or other services to clients in each country can be found here.
The use of the name “Osborne Clarke” and words or phrases such as “international legal organisation”, “firm”, “law firm” or “practice” used in relation to Osborne Clarke Verein or its member entities are for convenience only and do not imply that the Verein or all or any of the member entities are in partnership together or accept responsibility for each other’s acts or omissions.
“Engagement Letter” refers to a written document which sets out the terms and conditions of the engagement of a specific member entity of Osborne Clarke Verein and which describes the services to be provided to you by the specific member entity (which, for the avoidance of doubt will not be Osborne Clarke Verein). Such engagement terms should be relied upon in determining liability for the services provided. Unless explicit written agreement is given by both member entities involved, no Osborne Clarke member entity is responsible for the acts or omissions of, nor has any authority to obligate or otherwise bind, any other Osborne Clarke member entity.
The term ‘partner’ refers to a member of Osborne Clarke.
The term “Director” when referring to an OC lawyer means a senior lawyer who is not a partner nor a director of a company.
Site Content
The information contained and accessed on this site (the “Site”) is provided by the member entities of Osborne Clarke Verein indicated on the relevant page for general guidance and is intended to offer the user general information of interest. The information provided is not intended to replace or serve as substitute for any legal or other professional advice, consultation or service. You should engage with an Osborne Clarke professional in the respective jurisdiction to obtain such services.
Osborne Clarke LLP does not hold itself out as providing advice in each of the member entities’ jurisdiction and does not warrant the accuracy of the information provided by the relevant member entity to it to display on its behalf on this Site.
To the extent that other Osborne Clarke member entities supply information to this Site, such information is covered these terms and conditions to you including but not limited to the limitation of liability and licensed terms.
The information contained in this Site is not directed to, nor intended for distribution or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where the publication or availability of this Site or such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. You should not access the Site or information on this Site if you know that your access would contravene applicable local, national or international laws.
Information Security and Data Protection
Please remember that internet communications are not secure unless the data being sent is encrypted. We cannot accept any responsibility for the unauthorised access by a third party and/or the corruption of data being sent by individuals to Osborne Clarke. Some countries prohibit transmission of encrypted data over telephone lines. You should not encrypt data transmitted if you know that doing so would contravene applicable local, national or international laws.
Remember that if you or others on your behalf give us any personal data about another person, you take full responsibility for complying with any relevant data protection laws which apply to the provision of that information to us.
By submitting any personal information to us on this Site, you specifically confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to our obtaining, processing and disclosing personal and financial information relating to you solely for the purposes detailed in and otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy (found here) and in these terms and conditions.
Our liability to you
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we accept no responsibility for any loss, which may arise from reliance on information contained in this site or other sites, which may be linked to our site from time to time.
Articles and other publications are current as of their date of publication and do not necessarily reflect the present state of the law or relevant regulation. Although we endeavour to ensure that the content is accurate as at the date of publication, we give no warranties of any kind, express or implied, with regard to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any such information at any point. Users of the site should seek appropriate legal advice before taking or refraining from any action.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions about the services we offer, please get in touch with one of our lawyers listed in the ‘Lawyers‘ section. If you have a general enquiry, or would like to provide some feedback, please contact us.
Limitation of Investment Advice
We are not authorised or regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) in the UK. This Site should not be considered as providing any advice on investments or investment services.
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
This slavery and human trafficking statement is made on behalf of Osborne Clarke, pursuant to section 54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 for the financial year ending 30 April 2020.
View the full statement.
Complaints
If you have any problem with the service we have provided for you in these areas then please let us know in accordance with our client care and complaints procedure. Our complaints procedure is available here.
Insurance
Osborne Clarke member entities maintain professional indemnity insurance in accordance with their local laws. Details of the insurers and the territorial coverage of the policy are available for inspection at our offices.
Copyright Notice
The contents of these pages are © Osborne Clarke LLP 2017. Reproduction or use of this content (in part or whole) is only permitted in accordance with the licensed terms below.
Licensed Terms
Materials on the Site may not be modified, reproduced, publicly displayed, performed, distributed or used for any public or commercial purposes without explicit written permission from the appropriate content or material provider (including third-party links). Osborne Clarke bears no risk, responsibility or liability in the event that a user does not obtain such explicit written permission as advised by Osborne Clarke.
You may print copies of any item in hard copy for your personal use or for use by others within your organisation. You may also download any item to a local hard disk provided it is for your personal use or access by others within your organisation. In such events you must ensure:
the item is copied in full with no amendment or editing
all copyright, trademark and similar notices are retained including displaying the Osborne Clarke web address in the copy as the source of the material.
the content is not to be used as part of another work or publication or for commercial gain
the content is not used as or implies that any Osborne Clarke member firm is providing a testimonial or endorsement of an organization, its products or services.
Translation is permitted on the basis that you take full responsibility for the accuracy of the translation.
If you supply a copy to a third party you are responsible for informing the third party that these licence conditions apply to him and he must comply with them.
Any requests to reproduce materials outside the scope of this licence should be addressed to our Corporate Communications team (here).
(Reviewed January 2017)