https://www.dfwhindutemple.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Directions
Contact Us
MahaMangala Aarti
Hindu Cultural Hall
Puja Schedule & Services
Priest Services
Temple Regular Hours:
Monday - Friday: 9:00am - 1:00pm | 5:30pm - 8:30pm
Saturday - Sunday: 9:00am - 8:30pm
Daily Aarti:
12:00pm and 7:30pm
Please check Temporary Hours before visit
— Main Menu —Calendar
Archana Mag
Vidya Vikas School
Membership
Services - Temple Facilities - - Hindu Cultural Hall
- - Sanskar Bhavan
- - Youth Center
- - Yagnashala
- - Classrooms
- Temple Scheduled Puja & Services
- Priest Services
- Radio Archana
- Puja Items List
- Medical Clinic
- Forms
Volunteer
About - Management
- Priests
- Youth Group
- Deities - - Lord Ayyappa
- - Lord Balaji
- - Lord Dattatreya
- - Lord Ganesha
- - Lord Hanuman
- - Lord Jagannath
- - Lord Murugan
- - Lord Rama, Sita & Laxman
- - Lord Shiva
- - Lord Shrinathji
- - Lord Vitthoba & Devi Rukmini
- - Navagraha
- - Radha Rani Lord Krishna
- - Shri Gayatri Mata
- - Sri Durga Mata
- - Sri Maha Lakshmi
- Hinduism - - The Scriptures
- - The Fundamental Beliefs
- - The Aim of Life
- - Cosmology and Creation
- - Theosophy
- - Rituals
Donate
Calendar
Archana Mag
Vidya Vikas School
Membership
Services
Temple Facilities
Hindu Cultural Hall
Sanskar Bhavan
Youth Center
Yagnashala
Classrooms
Temple Scheduled Puja & Services
Priest Services
Radio Archana
Puja Items List
Medical Clinic
Forms
Volunteer
About
Management
Priests
Youth Group
Deities
Lord Ayyappa
Lord Balaji
Lord Dattatreya
Lord Ganesha
Lord Hanuman
Lord Jagannath
Lord Murugan
Lord Rama, Sita & Laxman
Lord Shiva
Lord Shrinathji
Lord Vitthoba & Devi Rukmini
Navagraha
Radha Rani Lord Krishna
Shri Gayatri Mata
Sri Durga Mata
Sri Maha Lakshmi
Hinduism
The Scriptures
The Fundamental Beliefs
The Aim of Life
Cosmology and Creation
Theosophy
Rituals
Donate
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us at www.DFWHINDUTEMPLE.Org.
We are pleased to provide information to all of our visitors about our online privacy policy. Please be assured that www.DFWHINDUTEMPLE.Org is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to this website and the security of the data they provide.
Our Commitment to Privacy
www.DFWHINDUTEMPLE.Org does not rent, sell, exchange or share our mailing lists nor any information submitted through this website. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Types of Information We Collect
www.DFWHINDUTEMPLE.Org only gathers personal information, such as, first and last names, home addresses, phone numbers and email addresses, when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make an online donation/purchase, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation/purchase. We do not store credit card information or other financial information.
How We Use the Information You Give
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information, such as, updates, useful information regarding your contribution, and additional news about our projects and services. If you do not elect to receive such materials, they will not be sent to you.
For each visitor to this website, our servers automatically collect information about which pages are visited and the domain name of visitors. This information is used for internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors, for website traffic audits and other internal purposes.
www.DFWHINDUTEMPLE.Org reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
Access
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us on-line. If at any time you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the postal address listed below or emailing contactus@dfwhindutemple.org.
You can also ask to review any personal information we have about you or ask us to delete that information or stop further use of it by writing to us at the same postal address or emailing contactus@dfwhindutemple.org.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the website to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most websites, www.DFWHINDUTEMPLE.Org uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your on-line experience and so that we can better serve you when you return to our site.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this website.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time, it may be necessary for www.DFWHINDUTEMPLE.Org to change this privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the www.DFWHINDUTEMPLE.Org Internet Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
www.DFWHINDUTEMPLE.Org/contact-us/
or write to us at
DFW Hindu Temple Society
1605 N. Britain Road,
Irving, Tx 75061
972-445-3111
© 2020 DFW Hindu Temple Society, 1605 N. Britain Rd, Irving, Tx. 75061 |
(972)-445-3111 | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Notice: Temple is closed until further notice.