https://www.sfcg.org/privacy-policy/
Donate
Subscribe
About UsWhat We DoWhere We WorkAfricaAsiaEuropeMENAUSAOur MediaGet InvolvedThe NeedWays To GivePathfinder’s PledgeCommon Ground AwardsWork with UsDonate Now
About UsWhat We DoWhere We WorkAfricaAsiaEuropeMENAUSAOur MediaGet InvolvedThe NeedWays To GivePathfinder’s PledgeCommon Ground AwardsWork with UsDonate Now
Organizational Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how
Search for Common Ground uses and protects any information that you give Search
for Common Ground when you use this website.
Search for Common Ground is
committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to
provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this
website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this
privacy statement.
Search for Common Ground may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should regularly check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is
effective from 21 May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following
information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and similar tools
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to
understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular
for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our programs and
services.
We may periodically send informational email about our
programs or other information which we think you may find interesting
using the email address you provided.
We may use the information to customize the website
according to your interests.
We will never sell or loan your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that
your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or
disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We do not share your information with any third parties. We will disclose personal information only in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security
or law enforcement requirements.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks
permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file
is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you
visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an
individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes,
and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to
identify which pages you visit on our website. This helps us analyze data about
web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to you and other
customers’ needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis
purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you
with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful
and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or
any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline
cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually
modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent
you from taking full advantage of our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to easily visit other entities’ websites.  Please note that we do not have any control over other entities’ websites and they are not governed by this privacy
statement. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide to such sites.
Controlling your personal information
You may request details of personal information about you which we hold under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the GDPR Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. If you would like a copy of the information about you that we hold, please email us at webinfo@sfcg.org.
If you believe that any information about you that we hold is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon
as possible at webinfo@sfcg.org. We will promptly correct any incorrect
information.
If you would like us to remove your information from our databases, please email webinfo@sfcg.org.
End violent conflict.
It’s our purpose — our call to action.
About Us
About Us
Our Mission
Our Leadership
Impact Report
FAQs
Resources
Our Strategic Plan
Connect
Visit our events portal here
Careers
Press
webinfo@sfcg.org
Washington, DC Headquarters:
1730 Rhode Island Ave NW Suite 1101, Washington, DC 20036, USA
+1 202 265 4300
Brussels Headquarters:
Rue Belliard 205 bte 13, Brussels B-1040, BELGIUM
+32 2 736 72 62
Search is registered as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit charitable organization in the United States (Tax ID: #52-1257425) and as a nonprofit association in Brussels, Belgium.
For any questions on the content of the website, please contact us. View our privacy policy. For any questions regarding access to or deletion of your data, please email us at webinfo@sfcg.org.
Copyright © 2020 Search for Common Ground.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. View our privacy policy here.Ok