https://www.froglife.org/privacy-information/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerAbout Us
Organisational structure
Froglife Scotland
Staff
Trustees
Our strategy
Our supporters
Annual reviews and accounts
Job vacancies
Contact us
What we do
Education
Green Pathways
Green Pathways: Peterborough Region
Glasgow Green Pathways
Sussex Green Pathways
Leapfrog Schools
Leapfrog Prisons
Froglife training
London Tails of Amphibian Discovery (T.O.A.D)
Discovering Reptiles
Come Forth for Wildlife
Nature and Dementia
Digital Amphibian and Reptile Conservation
Froglife Toad Virtual Reality Experience
Improving habitats
Froglife reserves
Hampton Nature Reserve (Private Site)
Boardwalks and Thorpe Meadows
Living Water
Sheffield Wetland Corridor
London Tails of Amphibian Discovery (T.O.A.D)
Toads on Roads
How to become a Toad Patroller
Find your nearest toad crossing
Register a toad crossing
Toad Patrol resources
Advice for planners & engineers
Facts & Figures
Support Toads on Roads: Tuppence a Toad
European Toads on Roads
Research
Understanding wildlife disease
Year of the Toad
Research projects
Wildlife Tunnel Campaign
Events
Have a Party with Froglife
Experiences
Froglife Ecological Services
About FES
FES Services
Habitat Survey
Protected Species Surveys
Site Design and Creation
Habitat Management
Leapfrog Schools
London T.O.A.D Wandsworth
Training
Survey Calendar
Research
Contact
Info & advice
Amphibians and Reptiles
Amphibians
Reptiles
Wildlife spotting and recording
Frequently Asked Questions
Our publications
Reports and research
Wildlife gardening
Bog gardens and mini-ponds
Compost heaps
Log piles and rockeries
Reptile refuges
Variety of vegetation
Wintering sites or ‘toad homes’
Gardening tips
Pond creation and management
Land management
Learning zone
Education resources
Fun and games
Wildlife at home
Support Us
Shop with us
Donate
Other Ways to Donate
Support Toads on Roads: Tuppence a Toad
Become a Friend
Fundraise for us
Sponsor a project
Become a corporate sponsor
Legacies, in memory & celebrations
Volunteer
What’s new
Adapting to Covid-19
Latest news: Croaks
Natterchat magazine
Events
You are here: Home / Privacy InformationPrivacy Policy
The Froglife Trust is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, website visitors and App users. Our relationship with you is valuable and we understand the importance you place on the privacy and security of information that personally identifies you.
This policy sets out the data processing practices carried out through the use of the Internet and any other electronic communications networks by the The Froglife Trust.
The information we collect
Although you are not required to provide us with personal data in order to browse our website, we do collect personal data from visitors who purchase merchandise from the website, or use any on-line forms or services, or email us their details through our information service.
If you use our on-line facility for the Toads on Roads patrols we will collect the following data: first and second names, email address and your reason for helping or any questions you may have. This data will not be used for any other purposes other than providing you with information about your nearest toad patrol.
When we ask for your information, we will comply with the law, including the Data Protection Act 2018.
Subscriptions and newsletters
Users of our website may register for e-mail newsletters and news updates. This service is entirely optional and you may unsubscribe at any time.
Use of cookies
Non essential cookies and third-party cookies are currently disabled.
if you do not accept cookies this site or part of it may not work properly.
Accept Cookies by clicking "Accept" in the banner.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data, stored in text files, that are stored on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to ‘remember’ you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a ’session cookie’) or for multiple repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’). They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors, and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in. Cookies may be set by the site that you are visiting (known as ‘first party cookies’), or by other websites who serve up content on that site (‘third party cookies’).
The use of cookies is now standard for most websites. If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can manage and control them, allowing or blocking them through your browser, including removing cookies and revoke consent by deleting them from your ‘browser history’ (cache) when you leave the site or at any moment.
To learn more about cookies configuration, please check your browser help. Here you will find info about most popular browsers:
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Explorer
Opera
Safari
You need to be aware that if you do not accept cookies this site or part of it may not work properly. You may also still have old cookies stored on your computer from a previous visit, but you can remove these by clearing your ‘browser history’ (cache) as detailed above.
Types of cookies
‘Session’ cookies remain in your browser during your browser session only, ie until you leave the website.
‘Persistent’ cookies remain in your browser after the session (unless deleted by you).
‘Performance’ cookies collect information about your use of the website, such as webpages visited and any error messages; they do not collect personally identifiable information, and the information collected is aggregated such that it is anonymous. Performance cookies are used to improve how a website works.
‘Functionality’ cookies allow the website to remember any choices you make about the website (such as changes to text size, customised pages) or enable services such as commenting on a blog.
Use of cookies on this website
To give you the best experience on the cookie management side, we classify cookies of this website in four categories, based on their purpose: Strictly Necessary, Functionality, and Performance.
The following tables explain the way in which we use cookies on this website.
Strictly Necessary (essential cookies):
These cookies are strictly necessary for this website and its features to work properly. E.g.: authentication cookies.
Cookie
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Description
WordPress
wordpress_test_cookie
session
WordPress test cookie
WordPress
Wp-settings
>1 year
WordPress also sets a few wp-settings-[UID] cookies.
The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table.
This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.
WordPress
wp-settings-time-
>1 year
WordPress also sets a few wp-settings-{time}-[UID] cookies. The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table. This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.
All-in-One Event Calendar
ai1ec_calendar_url
Session
Used to display upcoming events.
Google
NID
6 months
Cookie tracking set by Google to protect users against sites known to be intrusive. Used for our Google powered search bar.
Google
CONSENT
20 years
Google consent setting. Used for our Google powered search bar.
Functionality:
These cookies enable us to improve the functionality and usability of our website and to provide various features. E.g.: Functionality cookies can be used to store search results, language, character dimensions.
Cookie
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Description
Cookie Policy Plugin
euCookie
Session
Used to check if a visitor has agreed to our cookie policy.
Performance:
These cookies collect information about how you use websites. Performance cookies help us, for example, to identify especially popular areas of our website. In this way, we can adapt the content of our websites more specifically to your needs and thereby improve what we offer you.
Cookie
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Description
Google analytics
_ga
2 years
Used to distinguish users.
Google analytics
_gid
24 hours
Used to distinguish users.
Google analytics
_gat
1 minute
Used to throttle request rate.
Google analytics
AMP_TOKEN
30s – 1yr
Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service. Other possible values indicate opt-out, inflight request or an error retrieving a Client ID from AMP Client ID service.
Google analytics
_gac_
90 days
Contains campaign related information for the user. If you have linked your Google Analytics and AdWords accounts, AdWords website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out. Click here to learn more.
Third party cookies
Cookies are set on some pages by third party products and services. Some pages use third party services or software, such as maps, online videos or social networking features. Many of these services may set cookies in your browser. Here are a list of third party cookies on this website:
Cookie
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Description
Google Calendar
__utmz, __utma, __utmb, N_T, PP_TOS_ACK, SNID, GAPS, NID, PREF, S
All the cookies are immediately deleted or expire within 4 months, except for PREF and GAPS, which last for 2 years.
Google set a number of cookies on any page that includes a Google Calendar. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Google Calendar users, as well as information about which calendar you are viewing, and which tab you are currently on. Various unique identifiers stored, except for PREF which stores your options such as preferred zoom level.
Google Maps
SID, SAPISID, APISID, SSID, HSID, NID, PREF
Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing a Google Map.
Google set a number of cookies on any page that includes a Google Map. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Google Maps users.
Issuu.com
ca, d, iutk
Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing an Issuu publication.
Issuu set a number of cookies on any page that includes an embedded publication. While we have no control over the cookies set by Issuu they are used to embed online versions of our publications on some pages. Click here to learn more.
SoundCloud
SID, LOGIN, _INFO, use_hotbox, PREF, SSID, watched_video_id_list, __utma, __utmz, demographics, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing a Soundcloud file.
SoundCloud set a number of cookies on any page that includes an embedded SoundCloud audio file. While we have no control over the cookies set by SoundCloud they allow users to watch listen to audio files on this website.
YouTube
SID, LOGIN, _INFO, use_hotbox, PREF, SSID, watched_video_id_list, __utma, __utmz, demographics, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing a YouTube video.
We embed videos on our website from YouTube. YouTube set a number of cookies on any page that includes a YouTube Video. While we have no control over the cookies set by YouTube, they are used for profiling and targeting for advertising, to track video statistics such as views and store user preferences. Click here to learn more.
Vimeo
__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmv, __utmz, last_page, embed_preferences, has_logged_in, stats_start_date, stats_end_date, CAL, GAPS, N_T, S_adsense, adsenseReferralSourceId, adsenseReferralSubId, adsenseReferralUrl, adsenseReferralUrlQuery, APISID, HSID, NID, PREF, SAPISID, SID, SNID, SSID
Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing a Vimeo video.
We embed videos on our website from Vimeo. Vimeo sets a number of cookies on any page that embeds a Vimeo video. While we have no control over these cookies, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Vimeo viewers, to hold information about current viewing video settings as well as a personal identification token, if you are logged into Vimeo. Click here to learn more.
Twitter
auth_token, guest_id, _twitter_sess, kdt, personalization_id, external_referer, dnt, remember_checked_on.
Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing a Twitter feed/button.
Twitter set a series of cookies on any page that includes a Twitter feed. Click here to learn more.
Instagram
csrftoken, mid, rur, urlgen
Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing an Instagram feed.
Used to display Instagram feed on the website.
Website usage data
With or without cookies, our website keeps track of usage data such as the source address of a page request (i.e. your IP address and domain name), the date and time of the page request, the referring website (if any) and other parameters in the URL (e.g. search criteria). We use this data to better understand the use of our website by visitors and to identify user preferences. This information is stored in log files and is used for aggregated and statistical reporting, but is not attributed to you as an individual.
Security
We recognise industry standards and employ security safeguards to protect information from unauthorised access and misuse. We use the most accurate and current information you provide in order to process your request. Furthermore, whenever you transmit sensitive information such as billing or credit card information to us through our website, we provide you access to our secure server that allows encryption across the Internet.
User submissions
Any materials, information or other communication that you transmit or post to our website (other than your personal information) will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, unless we are advised to the contrary. You are accordingly requested not to post confidential or proprietary information to our website.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites which are outside of our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
Internet-based transfers
Given that the internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing this website and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way.
Froglife’s Dragon Finder App
While you are not required to provide us with personal data in order to submit a sighting through the App, you may wish to enter personal data. The data that you can choose to enter is as follows:
Personal data:
Name and Email
Observational data:
(a)   Location – which may include a postcode if manually entered.
If you do choose to submit this data it will only be used for the services you have requested or to respond to your enquiries. Under no circumstances will this data be supplied to any other party for any purpose.
The App will record your location, if for any reason it does not automatically record your location, you will be asked to manually record this. This will be cached and stored in encrypted form on your handset. We will use the location data to identify where your sighting is located. This information will not be accessed by any other party for any purpose.
App users aged under 16
If you aged under 16, please ensure that you obtain your parent or guardian’s consent before sending any personal information to the App.
Copyright and reproductions
All page content made available on the website and App is the Copyright of The Froglife Trust unless otherwise stated.
All photographs are Copyright of The Froglife Trust or their individual owner unless otherwise stated.
Access right
You have a right of access to personal data held about you, and to request a copy of the information held by us in our records (for which we may charge a small fee). You also have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your information. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please contact us.
Changes to privacy policy
We may review and edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our web pages.
FooterAbout Us
What we do
Info & advice
Learning zone
Support Us
What’s new
FAQ
Contact us
Events
Our supporters
Become a Friend
Privacy Information
Contact us
Froglife (Head Office)
1 Loxley
Werrington
Peterborough
PE4 5BW
info@froglife.org
Please click "Accept" to use cookies on this website. More information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close