https://www.barley.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy
The privacy, confidence, and trust of individuals who visit the Barley Snyder LLC web site are important to us. No personal information is collected at this site unless it is provided voluntarily by an individual while participating in an activity that asks for the information.  Barley Snyder will use your personal identifying information solely for the purpose for which you submitted the information.
Barley Snyder does not use or disclose information that you may give us, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any outside companies or parties. We do not rent, sell, or trade any of our mailing lists.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to gather analytical data such as:
Geographical location
Language
Pages viewed and/or actions performed on the site
Time spent on the site
Search terms
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. To understand more about how we use cookies, or to change your preference and browser settings, please see our Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our Cookie Policy.