https://www.metlife.com/about-us/terms-and-conditions/
Skip Navigation
Skip Navigation
Close
LOG IN
LOG IN
SEARCH
SEARCH
Close
SOLUTIONS
Insurance
Business and Brokers
MetLife Investment Management
Retirement & Income Solutions
Insurance
Enhance Your Health
Dental
Vision
Protect Your Way of Life
Accident
Hospital Indemnity
Critical Illness
Cancer
Disability
Safeguard Your Household
Auto Insurance
Home Insurance
Recreational Vehicles Insurance
Legal Insurance
Pet Insurance
Secure Your Family's Future
Term Life
Group Variable Universal Life
Group Universal Life Insurance
Accident Death & Dismemberment
Reach Your Financial Goals
Health Savings and Spending Accounts
Financial Wellness Articles
More Solutions
Annuity
Long-Term Care
Business and Brokers
Employee Benefits
Group Auto & Home
Group Dental
Group Accident and Health
Group Life
Group Disability
Group Legal Services
Group Vision
Group Pet
Group Health Savings & Spending Accounts
Executive Benefits
Small Business
The Value of Non-Medical Benefits
Small Business Solutions
Changing Providers
Getting Started
Broker Small Business Solutions
Chamber of Commerce
For Brokers
Getting Appointed
Broker Compensation
Broker Forms
Why MetLife?
Broker Education
COVID-19 Resource Center for Brokers
Global Employee Benefits
Financial Wellness
MetLife Investment Management
MetLife Investment Management
Financing Solutions
About Us
Insights
Investment Strategies
Retirement & Income Solutions
Retirement & Income Solutions
Lifetime Income Annuities
Insights
Pension Risk
Structured Settlements
Stable Value
Funding Solutions
SUPPORT
Support and Manage
Quick and easy access to MetLife customer support services and resources.
Learn More
Customer Care
Customer Care
Contact Us
Find a Dentist
Find a Vision Provider
Find an Insurance Policy
More Support
My Account
My Account
Account Log In
Register for MyBenefits
Find a Form
File a Claim
For Current Customer
Fraud Awareness
ABOUT US
About MetLife
Investor Relations
Sustainability
Careers at MetLife
About MetLife
Navigating Life Together
Health
Family
Future
Work
Corporate Profile
MetLife Worldwide
Company Ratings
Global Procurement
MetLife Affiliates
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
Executive Officers
Corporate Conduct
Code of Conduct
Diversity & Inclusion
Our Workplace
Work-Life Solutions
Supplier Diversity
More About Us
Newsroom
Awards and Recognition
MetLife Foundation
Investor Relations
Sustainability
Sustainability
Serving Our Customers
Employees
Investments
Climate Action
Managing Risk
MetLife Foundation
FAQs
ESG Data Center
ESG Scorecard
GRI Index
SASB Index
TCFD Index
UN SDGs
Policies & Codes
2019 Sustainability Report
01 Ensuring Confidence for Our Customers
02 Strengthening Our Workforce
03 Creating Value as an Investor
04 Empowering Our Communities
05 Protecting Our Environment
06 Managing Sustainability
News & Insights
Reports & Statements
Careers at MetLife
CLOSE
Please be vigilant in protecting yourself against phishing. Keeping your personal information secure is a top priority of MetLife. That's why we encourage you to take precautions to protect your personal data, and why we do not ask you to verify your personal or account information by email or text message. If you suspect you received a phishing email, please forward it to: phish@metlife.com. Delete the email after you forward it, and do not click on any links it contains. If you believe you entered information into a linked website, change your login information immediately. For helpful hints to protect your personal information, visit the Federal Trade Commission at https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/how-recognize-and-avoid-phishing-scams/
Policy holders, Please log in here:
Select Login Type
Personal Account
Business Account
Broker Account
Whether you purchased your policy on your own or
obtained it through your employer, log in to your
personal account
If you are the administrator of your business's
insurance policy, log in to your Business account
If you are an agent or broker, log in to your
broker account
Business Account Type
Select an option
MetLink
SBR
Select preferred option
Access the MetLink section of the website
Access the DigitalSolution section of the website
Access the MyBenefits section of the website
Access the Specialized Benefit Resources (SBR) section of the website
Business Account Purpose
Select preferred option
Broker Account Type
Select Preferred option
Access the MetLink section of the website
Access the DigitalSolution section of the website
Username
Enter your account username (e.g johnsmith)
Password
Enter your account password
Forgot username or password?
Forgot username or password?
Forgot your password?
Create a new account / Register now
Need an account?
Register
Register
By signing in, I agree to the
Terms of Use
Go to MyBenefits without signing in
other account types
FOR BUSINESSES
MetLink
MyBenefits
SBR
Worldwide Benefits eBenefits
FOR RETIREES
Retirement Plan Access
FOR INVESTORS
MetLife Securities Client View
NetXInvestor
FOR PROVIDERS
Dental Professionals Account
MetLife Worldwide Benefits Provider Portal
FOR EMPLOYERS
Group Benefits Administration
Employer - Sponsored Savings Plans Administration
Annuities Administration
Worldwide Benefits eBenefits
FOR BROKERS & CONSULTANTS
MetBroker
MetLife Resources Savings & Annuity Programs
MetLife Resources Annuity Programs
Structured Settlements Broker Resources (SBR)
Worldwide Benefits eBenefits
FOR METLIFE SECURITIES INC. REPRESENTATIVES
Brokerage & Securities Account
Need an account?
Register
Enter your search here
0
of
0
Search Results
|
Displaying
10 results
20 results
30 results
No Results
Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching
Please:
Check the spelling and try again
Search using fewer terms
Click here for Customer Support
Did you mean ""
Did you mean
?
Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching
Please:
Check the spelling and try again
Search using fewer terms
Click here for Customer Support
Homepage
About Us
Legal Notices
Legal Notices
SHARE
Terms and Conditions | Social Media | PCG Disclaimers | Metlife Responsible Disclosure Policy
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this web site or any of our other web sites.
You should review these terms and conditions regularly as they may change at any time at our sole discretion. The following terms and conditions apply to all of our web sites, including any web sites owned, operated or sponsored by any of our subsidiaries or affiliates but we may add to or supersede certain provisions of these terms and conditions with other provisions located in other parts of all of our web sites.
1. Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY ARISE FROM YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEB SITE. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages. In such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
THIS WEB SITE CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
2. We Do Not Have Responsibility for Links to Third Party Content
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES ARE PROVIDED FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE AND INFORMATION ONLY. THE CONTENT IN ANY LINKED WEB SITES IS NOT UNDER OUR CONTROL AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR IT.
We reserve the right to terminate a link to a third party web site at any time. The fact that we provide a link to a third party web site does not necessarily mean that we endorse, authorize or sponsor that web site, nor that we are affiliated with the third party web site's owners or sponsors. If you wish to link to any MetLife site, please contact our webmaster. If you are a MetLife group customer and wish to link your web site to this site, please contact your MetLife representatives for instructions.
3. Privacy/Treatment of Information or Data Transmitted to Us
Personal information transmitted to us will be treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
4. Proprietary Rights & Restricted Use
This web site's content is copyrighted and protected by U.S. and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. In addition, this web site's content is protected by trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communication regulations and statutes. You are not authorized to post on or transmit to or from this web site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other content that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
You may print a copy of the information contained herein for your personal use only, but you may not reproduce or distribute the text or graphics to others or substantially copy the information on your own server, or link to this web site, without the prior written permission of MetLife. You may request permission by sending a request by e-mail to cscontact@metlifeservice.com.
5. Making A Claim of Copyright Infringement
We respect the intellectual property of others.  If you believe your work has been copied and is accessible on the Web Site in a way that infringes your copyright, you may request removal of those materials from the Web Site by submitting written notification to our DMCA agent designated below. For your notice to be valid under the DMCA, it must include substantially the following:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works, a representative list of such works;
Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material;
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including name, postal address, telephone number, and, email address);
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate; and
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
If you believe material you posted on the Web Site was removed by mistake or misidentification, you may file a counter notification with us by submitting written notification to our DMCA agent designated below. We will restore your removed content if the party filing the original DMCA notice does not file a court action against you within ten business days of receiving the copy of your counter notice. For your counter notice to be valid under the DMCA, it must include substantially the following:
Your physical or electronic signature;
An identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access disabled;
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number, and, if available, email address);
A statement under penalty of perjury by you that you have a good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
A statement that you will consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located and that you will accept service from the person (or an agent of that person) who provided the Web Site with the complaint at issue.
Under the DMCA, if you knowingly, materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Web Site is infringing your copyright or was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may be held liable for damages, including costs and attorneys' fees.
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, it is our policy in appropriate circumstances to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers. We may also at our sole discretion limit access to the services and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Our designated copyright agent to receive DMCA notices and counter notices is:
MetLife Copyright Agent
c/o MetLife Law Dept.
200 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10166
Phone: 1-855-351-6855
Email: hostmaster@metlife.com
Note that to make a claim of infringement, you will be required to make a declaration, under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in your claim is correct and that you are the Intellectual Property Rights owner or an agent of the owner.  If the information you submit is not accurate or complete, we may be unable to process or respond to your request. If you have questions about what intellectual property infringement is, or whether your rights were infringed, consider seeking legal advice.
6. By Providing Content, We Do Not Allow You to Use Trademarks Referenced in This Web Site
MetLife Services and Solutions, LLC is the copyright owner of all text contained on this web site. METLIFE®, METLIFE ONLINE®, LIFE ADVICE®, have you met life today?® and other trademarks and service marks of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, or its subsidiaries or affiliates that may be referred to on this web site are the property of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Other parties' trademarks and services marks that may be referred to are the property of their respective owners. Nothing on this web site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark without our written permission. The name of MetLife, Inc., Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, MetLife or our logo may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this web site, without prior written permission. You are not authorized to use our logo as a hyperlink to this web site unless you obtain our written permission in advance.
7. We Are Not Providing Investment Advice Nor Soliciting Offers
Nothing in this web site constitutes investment advice, including our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissions (SEC). In addition, our investor relations materials and our other web site content are not offers to sell or solicitations of any offer to buy any security or any insurance product. No security offered by MetLife, Inc., its subsidiaries or affiliates is offered or will be sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities law or other laws of such jurisdiction. No such security is offered or will be sold in any jurisdiction by an entity which is not properly licensed to do so in such jurisdiction. In addition, any prospectus information available on this web site is posted for informational purposes only.
When available, our annual reports, 10-K and 10-Q reports and other materials will be accessible through this web site. Other materials we have filed with the SEC may be obtained by accessing http://www.freeedgar.com, by accessing the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov, by visiting the SEC at its Washington, D.C. or various regional offices or by hiring a document retrieval service to obtain the filings for you.
8. You Should Not Rely on the Stock Price Information on This Web Site
We do not generate the information regarding MetLife, Inc. stock prices for this web site. We believe that the information on the Investor Relations home page is accurate, but we cannot guarantee or warrant the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the information. You should not rely on the stock price information for investment purposes. We are not liable for any loss or damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary, that may arise from reliance on the stock price information on the Investor Relations portion of this web site.
9. Investors Should Not Unduly Rely on Any Forward-Looking Information
This web site contains information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, specifically the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give our expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They typically use words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," and other similar words. Any or all of the forward-looking statements here or in other publications may turn out to be wrong.
Forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many such factors will be important in determining our actual future results. Consequently, there can be no assurance that the results described in such forward-looking statement will be realized. The risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements include, but not limited to, the following: (i) changes in general economic conditions, including the performance of financial markets and interest rates; (ii) heightened competition, including with respect to pricing, entry of new competitors and the development of new products by new and existing competitors; (iii) unanticipated changes in industry trends; (iv) MetLife, Inc.'s primary reliance, as a holding company, on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet debt payment obligations and the applicable regulatory restrictions on the ability of the subsidiaries to pay such dividends; (v)deterioration in the experience of the "closed block" established in connection with the reorganization of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company; (vi) catastrophe losses; (vii) adverse litigation or arbitration results; (viii) regulatory, accounting or tax changes that may affect the cost of, or demand for, the company's products or services; (ix) downgrades in the company's and its affiliates' claims paying ability, financial strength ratings or debt ratings; (x) changes in rating agency policies or practices; (xi) discrepancies between actual claims experience and assumptions used in setting prices for the company's products and establishing the liabilities for the company's obligations for future policy benefits and claims; (xii) discrepancies between actual experience and assumptions used in establishing liabilities related to other contingencies or obligations; (xiii) the effects of business disruption or economic contraction due to terrorism or other hostilities; and (xiv) other risks and uncertainties described from time to time in MetLife, Inc.'s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its S-1 and S-3 registration statements. The company specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. You should see our SEC filings for more information on these and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements.
10. All Products, Programs and Services May Not be Available in Your Area
This web site is controlled by us from our offices within the United States of America. Except as specifically stated, we make no representation that content or materials in this web site are appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions. Access to this web site content or materials from jurisdictions where such access is illegal is prohibited. If you choose to access this web site from other jurisdictions, you do so at your own risk. You are always responsible for your compliance with applicable laws. You may not use or export the materials in this web site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. The laws of the State of New York will govern the content and materials contained in this web site, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
MetLife and its affiliates and subsidiaries are not authorized to do business in every jurisdiction. Information that MetLife publishes on this web site may contain references or cross-references to products, programs or services of MetLife, Inc., its subsidiaries or affiliates that are not available in your state or country. The products referred to on this web site may be offered and sold only to persons in the United States and its territories. Mutual funds are offered by MetLife Securities, Inc. and variable life insurance products by Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. Consult your local MetLife Financial Services Representative for information regarding the products, programs and services which may be available to you.
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, NAIC Company Code Number 65978, is licensed to do business in all fifty states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company is a domiciliary of, and has its principal place of business in, the State of New York.
11. Auto and home insurance will be placed in Metropolitan Property and Casualty Insurance Company (Met P&C®) or one of its affiliate companies (collectively known as MetLife Auto & Home®) based on state laws and regulations and underwriting guidelines: MetLife Auto & Home is a brand of Met P&C and its affiliates: Metropolitan Casualty Insurance Company, Metropolitan Direct Property and Casualty Insurance Company (CA Certificate of Authority: 6730; Warwick, RI), Metropolitan General Insurance Company, Metropolitan Group Property and Casualty Insurance Company (CA COA: 6393; Warwick, RI), and Metropolitan Lloyds Insurance Company of Texas, all with administrative home offices in Warwick, RI—; as well as Economy Fire & Casualty Company, Economy Preferred Insurance Company, Economy Premier Assurance Company. Coverage, rates, and discounts are available in most states to those who qualify.
12. Civil Union Couples
MetLife provides identical benefits and protections to civil union couples as married couples.
13. Retirement Plan Sponsors and Participants
The insurance company identified within the transactions as the issuer of the policy/contract is providing confirmation of the transactions on behalf of the variable product distributor, MetLife Investors Distribution Company, and your retail broker dealer, who are acting as agents for the insurance company.
14. Sending emails to MetLife
When submitting requests, forms, and/or any supporting documentation via e-mail you should be aware that once MetLife receives the email, the information contained in that email will be protected by MetLife’s IT security controls, and any email responses you receive from MetLife will be sent to you securely. Until your email reaches MetLife, however, MetLife has no control over, and disclaims all responsibility for, the security of the information you send when it is in transit to us or stored with your e-mail service provider.