https://www.ziji.com/policies/
Home
Policies
Policies
PRIVACY & ONLINE INFORMATION GATHERINGZiji recognizes that it is essential to protect the privacy of our internet visitors. For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the email address. The information is used for internal review as a way to track our visitors and make improvements to our website, and is then discarded. No other information is collected without your consent.Ziji uses Geotrust's SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology to secure your private information. By activating the browser's "LOCK" icon, QuickSSL enables up to 256-bit encryption and assures online visitors that confidential information and transactions cannot be viewed, intercepted or altered. All credit card information is stored on a secure server. Our site uses cookies to save your shopping cart information. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to some features of our site. However, you can still place orders by calling us at 1-800-565-8470.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.We do not rent or sell our customers' private information for 3rd party mailing lists or any other purpose. We may use your phone number or email address to be in communication with you about your order only. If you have subscribed to our opt-in email newsletter, we will save your email address, and use it solely for this purpose (our newsletters are sent 1-2 times per month) and for no other mailings. If you wish to remove your email address from our subscriber list, there is an unsubscribe option at the bottom of every newsletter, or you may contact us at any time at store@ziji.com.
CHANGING YOUR INFORMATIONIf at any time you want to change or review the information you have provided, simply sign in to "My Account". Once you have signed in, you will be able to change any information stored in your account by clicking on the appropriate category. Be sure to click "Save" when you are finished editing your information. You may also update your account by calling us at 1-800-565-8470 or by sending an email to store@ziji.com.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACYZiji takes children's privacy very seriously. We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Loading... Please wait...
×
×