http://www.prayerletters.us/privacy
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy, and intentionally collect only the minimum amount of
information we need in order to provide services to you.
Except as noted below,
we don't share your information with anyone, unless we have your explicit
permission to do so.
Missionaries in Sensitive Locations
Provided you can securely access our web site and your email using a trusted
computer and a VPN, you can safely use our services, with the following two
exceptions:
Do not set up notifications by text message to your cell phone.
These
messages are never encrypted, and are often monitored by third parties.
Do not enable your public web site.
This is an obvious precaution, and
you don't need to worry about accidentally turning this feature on.
We recommend that you have a trusted friend at home who can interact with us
on your behalf during times when you don't have secure Internet access.
Let us
know in advance that this person is authorized to communicate with us on your
behalf.
Information We Share
As a rule, we only share information when it's necessary to fulfill your
orders.
For example:
We share order information with one of our credit card providers when
you pay by credit card.
We share order information with your ministry's accounts payable
person, department, or expense report service provider when you make use of a
billing arrangement with your ministry.
If you send a bulk mailing or use our address verification service, we
upload your mailing list to our list processor to check for updated addresses
in the USPS National Change of Address (NCOA) database.
Emails that you send to us or that we send to you are stored and
processed by our email providers and our help desk service.
When you have an online chat with us, the details of your chat are
shared with our chat service provider.
In all of these cases, we pay for the services that we're receiving and
ensure that the company we use has a business model that does not include
sharing your information with other parties.
We do not use any third-party providers of web site analytics or behavior
tracking services, either free or paid.
For troubleshooting purposes, we keep
web site traffic logs on servers under our control, and our team members are
able to view your logged-in activity in order to assist you with our services.
We may also share information in the following two cases:
When we have a booth at an event hosted by your ministry, we often create
a binder of prayer letters we like that can be perused by other missionaries
in your ministry for ideas on how to improve their own letters.
These binders are never left unattended, and we carefully review each
letter we include to ensure that it highlights best practices for prayer
letters and doesn't include any sensitive personal information about
yourself or the people to whom you're ministering.
If you don't want your letters to be used in this way, simply let us
know.
Also, if we know that you're serving in a sensitive location, we
won't include your letters even in this safe situation, as an added
precaution for your ministry.
If we don't receive payment in a timely manner for your order, we may
contact people on your mailing list in order to either get in touch with you
or ask them to pay the invoice on your behalf.
In such a case, which will only be used after several attempts to contact
you have either failed or gone unanswered over a period of at least 30 days,
we will generally attempt to contact family members or churches before
others on your mailing list, and we will be sensitive in how we do so.
We won't pursue this option if we know that you were dissatisfied with
your order for any reason.
In that case, we will be doing everything we can
to make it right, including refunding your order, if needed.
Finally, we may share information about your account with someone to whom
you've given us explicit permission, or when required by law.
Information We Collect
In general, the only information we receive about you is what you or your
ministry provide to us.
If you use the "Sign in with Google" feature, Google will provide to us your
email address, profile photo (if you have one), and name (which we only access
if you're creating an account with us, to save you some typing).
Closing Your Account
If you no longer wish to use our services, you may
close your account.
When
you do so, you'll no longer be able to log in or access any details or files
that you've sent to us.
We're taking steps to minimize the order-related information that we retain
for closed accounts.
As we make improvements in this area, we'll automatically
delete information that we no longer need, after a period of time, and with no
further action required on your part.
What We Do
Prayer Letters
Postcards
Greeting Cards
Donor Receipts
Magnets
About Us
Who We Are
Ministries We Serve
Response Times
Meet the Staff
Contact Information
Jobs