https://www.cgdev.org/page/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search
Our Work
Core Themes Education
Global Health Policy
Migration, Displacement, and Humanitarian Policy
Sustainable Development Finance
Technology and Development
Governments and Development
US Development Policy
UK Development Policy
European Development Policy
More Topics Coronavirus
Energy
Financial Inclusion and Regulation
Gender and Equality
Commitment to Development Index
Search By Publications
Regions
International Institutions
Working Groups
All Topics
Our Experts
Commentary & Analysis
Commentary Menu Blogs
Events
Policy Briefs
Podcasts
Subscribe
About Us
About-Us Menu Board of Directors
Leadership
Funding
Mission and Impact
Jobs and Fellowships
Contact Us
Support Us
Staff Directory
Attend an Event
Connect with Us
For Media
Donate
You are hereHome
CGD and CGD Europe Global Website Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice sets out how the Center for Global Development and CGD Europe (“CGD,” “we,” “our,” “us,”) collects, uses, and shares the information that you provide to us through our website located at www.cgdev.org (our “Site”) or through our services (collectively, our “Services”). CGD is a private non-profit organisation incorporated under the laws of the District of Columbia, at 2055 L Street NW Fifth Floor, USA and CGD Europe is a company limited by guarantee in the UK (number 08871642) and a registered UK charity (number 1157318). This Website Privacy Notice applies to the use of personal information provided to both CGD and CGD Europe and, where we refer to CGD below, we also refer to CGD Europe unless we state otherwise.
1. Personal information we collect
Personal information is any information that relates to an individual. Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, address, payment details, interests (for example, which topics you would be interested in receiving event invitations for), and similar information. Registration forms are used on the Site so that you can subscribe to newsletters/ topic updates, register for an event, process a donation, or apply for open positions at CGD.
We also collect and store information about your device and your visits to the Site such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit, and number of page views. See more in the “Cookies” section below.
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence, including your contact details, name, interests, and related job information. This includes any email correspondence with CGD and job applications. If you apply for an open position through our recruitment pages on the Site, our forms usually require you to provide your name, email address, phone number, as well as a CV, cover letter and writing sample.
If you are invited to or attend a CGD event, we may collect and store information such as your name and email address and keep a record of your interest in that event and topic.
Under European data protection law, certain types of data are considered more sensitive (e.g. data on ethnicity, religion, race). This data is called special category data. We only process special category data if we have a valid reason and only if the law allows us to do so (for example, information relating to your health status). We may also collect this special category data in the context of a job application i.e. because we are required to reasonably accommodate applicants.
2. Why we process your personal information
We may process your personal information for various purposes, including:
to contact you, including to respond to your inquiries;
to send fundraising solicitations;
to send you our newsletters, topic updates, and event invites, at your request;
for business purposes, such as analytics, research, advertising and marketing, and operational purposes;
to maintain, operate, customize, and improve our Services;
to consider your application for employment;
to comply with a specific legal requirement, law enforcement and maintain our security; or
as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection or use.
We do not use automatic decision-making or engage in profiling. If a situation arises where we intend to use your personal information for any reason beyond its original purpose, we will notify you and provide additional information ahead of time.
3. Lawful bases
We will only use personal information when the law allows us to (i.e. where we have a ‘lawful basis’). Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. For example, we have a legitimate interest in administering the CGD.
Where it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
Where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation on us (for example, reporting to HM Revenue and Customs or the UK’s Companies House).
Less commonly, we may ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
You may unsubscribe from our email communications via the link in any CGD email, request to withdraw your consent, and request for us to remove your personal information at any time by emailing us at communications@cgdev.org.
4. How we share your personal information
We may share your personal information with third parties, including the following:
with contractors, suppliers, or other third parties that provide services on our behalf;
as part of a sale, merger or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our assets including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding;
pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process or as otherwise required or requested by law, regulation, or government authority programs, or to protect our rights or the rights or safety of third parties; or
with your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing.
On the rare occasion that a CGD newsletter transitions ownership to another organization you will be given the opportunity to opt-out before any personal information is transferred. CGD will not trade or sell a donor's personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. However, we may share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without restriction.
5. International data transfers
Please be aware that the personal information we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store personal information in the United States and rely on EU-approved Standard Contractual Clauses where necessary to provide an adequate level of data protection.
6. How long your personal information is stored for
The personal information you provide will be kept in accordance with our Document Retention Policy.
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal information is: (i) the respective statutory retention period; (ii) our contractual and/or business relationships with you; (iii) (potential) disputes; and (iv) any guidelines issued by relevant supervisory authorities. After expiration of that period, the corresponding information is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of a contract, the initiation of a contract or to protect or defend our position or that of a third party. If you have any questions about retention periods, please contact us at privacy@cgdev.org.
If you apply for a job with CGD we will keep your application materials on file, including any voluntary demographic data you may include with your submission, for up to one year.
7. Use of “Cookies”
Our Site uses cookies to enhance your experience while using our site. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website and to make sure you don't see the same ads repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. CGD uses Google Analytics, Pardot, and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Your browser may be set by default set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
8. Your rights
Under certain privacy laws, you have rights relating to your personal information. You may have a right to the following:
to request access to the personal information we hold about you;
to request that we rectify or erase your personal information;
to request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal information;
under certain circumstances, to ask us to port personal information about you that you have provided to us to you or a third party; and
where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal information.
To exercise these rights, contact us via the “Contact Us” section below. Please be aware that CGD may be unable to provide these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so or can rely on exemptions.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
9. Other websites
Our Site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Center for Global Development has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
The Site may also include integrated social media tools or “plug-ins,” such as social networking tools offered by third parties. If you use these tools to share information or you otherwise interact with social media features on the Site, those social media companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public. Your interactions with third-party social media companies and the use of their features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide those features. We encourage you to read the privacy policies for any social media accounts you create and use.
10. Updates to this Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice at any time in our discretion. If we decide to make significant changes to our Privacy Notice, we will contact you where reasonably possible. We will also post these changes on this page.
11. Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, the practices of this Site, or our Services, you can contact us by phone at +1.202.416.4000 or +44(0) 7719598538 or email us at privacy@cgdev.org.
RSS and Social Networks
Privacy Notice