https://www.naveen.info/privacy-policy/
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, I have no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting this site, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of my site, then you may contact me at mail@naveen.info
Search for:
About Me
My name is Naveen and I am an Internet Marketer and Freelance Web Designer. I run the Freelance Web Designing Company, eProfessionals, which currently maintains and hosts more than 25 professional and personal blogs.
Follow me on Google+
Subscribe to Posts via E-mail
Enter your email address:
Recent Posts
How to post a long video in WhatsApp status – Simple Method
An easy way to export and import MS Word AutoCorrect entries
Creating a Bootable USB Drive from Acronis True Image ISO
A Simple Guide to Drop Catching
WordPress Old Permalinks 301 Redirect
Categories
Domains (7)
Finance (1)
Firefox (10)
Gadgets (4)
General (5)
Gmail (2)
Goodies (1)
Google (10)
Hardware (2)
Hosting (4)
India (18)
Linux (4)
Medical (6)
Movies (1)
Open Source (7)
Orkut (3)
Software (44)
Stats (1)
Telugu (6)
Tutorial (6)
Websites (12)
Windows (41)
Wordpress (9)
Youtube (2)
Iconic One Theme | Powered by Wordpress