https://www.dispatch.com/opinion/20200812/editorial-ohio-house-priorities-transparency-valid-energy-policy
EDITORIALSEditorial: Ohio House priorities: transparency, valid energy policyStaff WriterThe Columbus DispatchIn the fallout from the scandal involving deposed Ohio House Speaker Larry Householder, the General Assembly has before it two important issues and a host of bills proposing different ways of resolving them. It is extremely important for lawmakers to take the time to get these two things right.Householder and four associates face federal racketeering and bribery charges involving a scheme to pass House Bill 6, a 2019 bill that creates a financial bailout for certain nuclear and coal power plants and essentially wiped out the state’s incentives for energy efficiency and development of clean energy.Allegations are that Team Householder illegally controlled a campaign committee
fueled with secret donations from the nuclear plants’ then-parent company, using the money for a blitz of advertising, legislative pressure, bribery and dirty tricks aimed at getting HB 6 passed and then stopping an effort to overturn it by referendum.Two steps the legislature can take to lift the taint of corruption from the Statehouse: repeal HB 6 and bring “dark money” like that Householder is accused of controlling into the light.At least three repeal bills have been introduced: one each by House Republicans and Democrats and a bipartisan measure in the Senate.Beyond the nuclear bailout, which is problematic enough, HB 6’s other features are terrible. By also subsidizing two aging coal plants and undoing the state’s clean-energy and efficiency incentives, it sabotages what should be Ohio’s manufacturing future. It favors dirty and toxic power generation over clean options and tethers Ohio to doomed technologies of the past.We’re encouraged that Democrats and Republicans alike are expressing interest in revisiting the important issue of Ohio’s energy future without the noise and nonsense that accompanied the drive to pass HB 6. Sen. Stephanie Kunze, a Hilliard Republican who opposed HB 6, told Gongwer News Service: “Let’s have a real conversation about energy policy based on factual data, information. Let’s bring all of this out into the light.”And, speaking of light, lawmakers who truly favor transparency in campaign spending shouldn’t waste the opportunity — while public disgust with the Householder scandal runs high — to enact real reform.The critical component of any successful disclosure bill will be to require that, for all significant contributions to political committees, the original source of the money must be identified. Current law allows groups that call themselves “social welfare organizations” under U.S. tax law to keep their donors’ identities secret. It’s what the FBI says enabled FirstEnergy to anonymously give $60 million to Generation Now, the group that bankrolled the juggernaut in favor of HB 6.Both Republicans and Democrats have introduced bills in the House to require disclosure. Former Democratic state Rep. Kathleen Clyde, now a Portage County commissioner, wrote in The Dispatch Sunday of language in the Republican bill that might make the Democratic version the better choice: The Republican bill requires naming the sources of contributions “…that were not received in the ordinary course of business…”Clyde maintains that unethical groups could use that vague phrase to say their donors are entitled to secrecy.We urge backers of both measures to work together and deliver a bill that will produce true disclosure. It won’t end the unhealthy influence of money in public policy, but it will make it a lot easier to spot.