http://www.angelflightmidatlantic.org/privacy-policy
Donate
Request Assistance
Available Flights
About Us
Mission and Vision
Staff and
Board
Patients
Volunteer Pilots
Pilot Resources
Pilot FAQs
Apply as Volunteer Pilot
Stories | News
Patient & Pilot Stories
In The Press
Donate
Contact
privacy
Angel Flight Mid-Atlantic
Privacy Policy  Contact Information:Angel Flight Mid-AtlanticPhone: 757-318-9174Address: 4620 Haygood Rd # 1, Virginia Beach, VA 23455Email: Info@mercymedical.orgAngel Flight Mid-Atlantic operates the angelflightmidatlantic.org website, which provides the SERVICE.This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at https://angelflightmidatlantic.org/ , unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.Information Collection and UseFor a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer Internet Protocol address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.Our website uses these cookies to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Service ProvidersWe may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.SecurityWe value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links to Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Procedures and Policy:
If you believe that any material has been posted via the Site by an End User in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, and you would like to bring this material to Angel Flight Mid-Atlantic attention, you must provide Angel Flight Mid-Atlantic with the following information: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrighted work; (b) an identification of the copyrighted work and the location on the Site of the allegedly infringing work; (c) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law; (d) your name and contact information, including telephone number and e-mail address; and (e) a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.The contact information for Angel Flight Mid-Atlantic DMCA for notice of claims of copyright infringement is:Contact Information:Angel Flight Mid-AtlanticPhone: 757-318-9174Address: 4620 Haygood Rd # 1, Virginia Beach, VA 23455Email: info@mercymedical.org
Partner with us.
Restore hope and health to patients in need throughtransportation to healthcare centers.
Donate Today!
Join Our Community Signing up for our email list will enable you to receive updates on how your donation makes a difference. You will also be the first to know about special events and service opportunities. Angel Flight Mid-Atlantic is committed to privacy and ethics. We will never sell or publish your email addresses and other contact information.
Newsletter sign up
Field label
Thank you for contacting us.We will get back to you as soon as possible.
Oops, there was an error sending your message.Please try again later.
Mercy Medical Angels Affiliations
Learn More About Us Volunteer Pilots Request Assistance Donate Today
Contact Us Angel Flight Mid-Atlantic4620 Haygood Road, Suite 1
Virginia Beach, VA 23455
Angel Flight Mid-Atlantic  is a Program of Mercy Medical Angels, a 501(c)(3) Charitable Organization
© 2020
All Rights Reserved | Angel Flight Mid-Atlantic | Sitemap
| HIPAA Policy
| Privacy Statement
| Terms & Conditions
Website by GCMD
Share by: