http://www.openhandweb.org/termsofuse
Skip to main content
User Menu
Home
Contact us
Log in
Main menu
HOME
OPENHAND
About us
Open
Aspasia
Facilitaton
PHILOSOPHY
BREAKTHROUGH: divine revelations
5GATEWAYS: profound spiritual routemap
DIVINICUS: rise of the divine human
Openway: your 'spiritual compass'
Openhand Meditation:
"soulmotion"
SERVICES
5D Ascension Program
5D Shift Seminars
Facilitator Program
Spiritual Facilitation
ARTICLES
5D Ascension
The Soul
Meditation
Spirituality
Enlightenment
Authentic Reality
Multidimensionality
Universal Life Energy
Chakras, Karma, Kundalini
VIDEO
Openhand Video Diaries
Spiritual Inspiration
LiveStreams & Interviews
Openhand Seminars
Openhand Documentaries
AUDIO
Meditation Downloads
Online Guided Meditations
Spiritual Interviews
BOOKS
BREAKTHROUGH
5GATEWAYS
DIVINICUS
COMMUNITY
Forums
Register
Openhanders
Facilitator Network
EVENTS
General
By accessing www.Openhandweb.org and it's associated sites Openhandfb (Openhand facebook) and Openhand TV (Openhand youtube) known collectively and individually in these terms as the "Website", you are agreeing to be legally bound by these terms as modified from time to time ("Terms"). Any use of the Website by you after such changes are posted constitutes your agreement to these Terms as modified.
Before using the Website, it is your responsibility to read the Privacy Policy and to notify us, in the manner set out in the Policy, if you do not want us to collect information about you, and reject any cookies in the manner set out therein.
Use of Website
The Website is owned and operated by Openhand Foundation. Openhand Foundation reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Website at any time, with or without notice or explanation.
Rights
All intellectual property rights, including copyright, in the content displayed on the Website ("Content") belong to Openhand Foundation or its licensors. All rights are hereby reserved.
Use of Content
The Website and the Content may only be used for your personal, non-commercial use. You are encouraged to freely distribute the content to any parties you see fit.
You agree not to use the Content or the Website for any illegal or improper purpose, nor for any purpose which might infringe the rights of others, or which might harass or cause inconvenience of distress to any person.
You also agree to abide by all copyright notices and restrictions attached to the Content and not to remove or alter any such notice or restriction or alter the Content in any way.
Links from other sites
Third parties are permitted to link to articles within the Openhand Foundation Website, using the URL and quoting the headline and the source website. Brief extracts from a story are permitted provided they are not substantive. Otherwise our material must not be reproduced on a third party site without referring to us as the source.
A third party must ensure that nothing on its own website suggests or could be understood to imply that any part of the Website is part of its own website unless the third party has obtained the prior written approval of Openhand Foundation.
Openhand Foundation reserves the right to change the location and nature of files within the Website without explanation or notice; it is the responsibility of the third party to check and update links as necessary.
Limitation of liability and disclaimer
Openhand Foundation obtains the Content from a wide range of sources and it includes facts, views, opinions and information likely to be of interest to users of the Website.
While all reasonable care is taken, we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, performance or fitness for any particular purpose of the Content or the Website, nor do we endorse or accept any responsibility for any views, advice, recommendations or opinions expressed on the Website or any website to which we link. You should note that any contact or arrangements made between you and any third party named on the Website or any third party website linked from it (including without limitation any website with which we have a commercial association) is at your own risk, and Openhand Foundation accepts no liability.
The Content should only be used for your general information and use and not by way of specific recommendation.
Before taking any action or decision based in whole or in part on the Content, you should always make your own independent checks of any information that is important in making such decision or taking such action. You should also seek professional advice in appropriate circumstances.
The Website offers points of view on the nature of soul and our deeper spirituality. However, we are not offering psychological assessment or any kind of diagnosis for psychological problems. The Openhand team providing the material for the Website are not qualified or accredited to do so by any official body. In such situations you are recommended to seek professional therapy support.
Openhand Foundation does not give any warranties in respect of the Content or the Website, freedom from viruses or other contamination or that the Website is compatible with any computer systems, software and browsers.
All implied warranties or duties are excluded save if and to the extent that they may not lawfully be excluded.
Openhand Foundation shall not be liable for any claims, losses, injuries, penalties, damages, costs or expenses arising from the use of, or inability to use the Website or Content or from any action taken, or omitted to be taken, as a result of using the Website or Content.
To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that Openhand Foundation will not be liable to you and/or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to lost profits, loss of privacy or for failure to fulfil any duty) or for any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the use of the Website or the Content or to any breach of the terms by Openhand Foundation, even if Openhand Foundation has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even in the event of fault or strict liability.
You agree that your only recovery for any damages that you incur, and your exclusive remedy, shall be limited to the direct damages (if any) you actually incur in reasonable and exclusive reliance on the Website or Content, and for which we may be held liable by a competent court, of up to a limit of the refund of the amount you paid (if any) in relation to the particular use of the Content in total during the month in which the damage first incurred.
Links to third party sites
This Website contains links to other web sites operated by parties who are wholly separate from Openhand Foundation. Links to all third party sites are identifiable because clicking on them will launch new browser windows displaying the third party's website URLs, or as otherwise signed as such by Openhand Foundation. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only and Openhand Foundation cannot be held responsible in any way for the content, operation or availability of such websites.
Privacy Policy
We take great care and respect with any personal data stored on the Website. Your attention is drawn to the Privacy Policy on how we handle your data... Openhand Privacy Policy (GDPR compliant)
Submission of content to the Website
If you submit any contribution to this Website (including without limitation any text or graphics) you agree thereby to grant Openhand Foundation a royalty-free, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to any such work. If you do not wish to grant such rights to Openhand Foundation, you should not submit a contribution to the Website. By submitting your contribution to the Website, you also warrant that such contribution is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to Openhand Foundation for all the purposes specified above, that it is not defamatory and does not infringe any law in any jurisdiction. You indemnify Openhand Foundation against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by Openhand Foundation as a result of your breach of the above warranty.
Changes to these Terms
Openhand Foundation reserves the right to make changes to any part of the Website and to add to or change these Terms or the Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to refer to the Terms whenever you access the Website. Every time you access the Website you agree to be bound by the Terms and the Privacy Policy as varied or amended from time to time.
English Law
By accessing the Website you agree to accept that these Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. You also accept the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts in relation to any dispute that may arise in connection with these Terms or your use of the Website or arising in any way from the Content.
Company Information
Openhand Foundation operates as a not for profit company, set up purely for the purpose of assisting people through the process of Ascension. Our working address is Froggy Villa, Drewsteignton, Dartmoor, EX6 6QS.
You can email us at info@openhandweb.org with any comments or for further information.
37888 Reads
37888 views
Featured EventCheck out all our EVENTS in 2020
Advanced Course ProgramCatalyse your spiritual evolution
.................Openhand Courses
Openhand Book Trilogy
PARADIGM SHIFT
Ascension into the New Paradigm
Conscious Change VideoBreak through Your Tightness
Inspiring Seminar Clip
About Openhand
Openhand Facilitator Network Work with an Openhand Facilitator:
Openhand Facilitator Network
Not for profitOpenhand is operated as a not for profit organisation. All revenue is reinvested to help others in their journey of Spiritual Evolution.
Empowering people to connect with their COSMIC DIVINE BEING, to come into alignment with the natural flow of the Universe, and thereby to join Gaia's ASCENSION Shift into Higher Dimensions of Consciousness.
Services & Support
Book Series
5D Ascension Program
Event Schedule
Spiritual Facilitation
Speaking Engagements
Connect
Contact
Get Our Newsletters
Join Web Community
User Menu
Home
Contact us
Log in
Search form
Search
Empowering people to connect with their COSMIC DIVINE BEING, to come into alignment with the natural flow of the Universe, and thereby to join Gaia's ASCENSION Shift into Higher Dimensions of Consciousness.
Services & Support
Book Series
5D Ascension Program
Event Schedule
Spiritual Facilitation
Speaking Engagements
Connect
Contact
Get Our Newsletters
Join Web Community
Design by Adaptivethemes.com