http://www.evans-dixon.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Contact
(314) 621-7755
Locations
Search
Menu
Privacy Policy
Evans & Dixon does not collect individually identifiable data on users of this website unless such users choose to give it to us via an electronic mail message. Even when you choose to give us information, we keep it confidential; however, you should not transmit any confidential or sensitive information to Evans & Dixon unless a formal attorney-client relationship has been established because Evans & Dixon disclaims any obligation to refrain from sharing such information with our clients and potential clients that might have interests adverse to yours.
We automatically collect information that does not enable Evans & Dixon to directly identify you (“Non-Personal Information”). Non-Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, information regarding: your IP address, the date and time you visited this website, the specific areas you visited on the website, the browser you use, the type of computer you use, technical information about your means of connection to the website (e.g., your operating system and your Internet service provider(s)), search terms you utilize on the website, the links you may select from within the website to other areas of the website or of the Internet, and the URL you come from or go to next after leaving the website.
We use the information we collect to improve the quality of our website, enhance or tailor the information we offer, and make your experience on our website as valuable and efficient as possible.
Evans & Dixon reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to revise and amend this privacy policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this website. The revised or amended terms shall be effective as of the date that they are posted on this website. By using this website you agree to any and all revised and amended terms.
Please be aware that when you click on links that take you to third-party websites, you will be subject to their respective privacy policies. While Evans & Dixon supports the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any website.
© 2013 Evans & Dixon, L.L.C. All rights reserved. Reproduction of all or any part of this article requires the written permission of Evans & Dixon, L.L.C.
About Us
Community
Leader in Education
Join our E-Mail List
to stay up to date with Evans & Dixon
Click Here to Sign Up
Having a Seminar?
Request a Speaker
Home
Our People
Alphabetical Listing of Attorneys
Attorneys Listing by Office
Professional Staff
Services
Business Litigation
Corporate Law
Securities & M+A
Real Estate
Cyber Security
Environmental Law
Estate Planning
Fire and Explosion
Healthcare
Industrial Hemp-Cannabis
Insurance Defense
Insurance Subrogation
Intellectual Property
Labor and Employment Law
Employee Benefits
Litigation & Dispute Resolution
Appellate Law
Collections
Construction Law
Products Liability
Mediation
Outside General Counsel Program
Transportation and Infrastructure Law
Workers Compensation and Employers Liability
Industries
Construction
Healthcare
Insurance
Manufacturing
Real Estate
Transportation and Infrastructure
Resources & Publications
Articles & Updates
Case Law Updates
The Blog for Business Law
Intellectual Property Library
Helpful Links
Workers' Compensation Aids
Firm News
Inside Evans & Dixon
About Us
Community
Leader in Education
Events
Careers
Ally Law
Locations
St. Louis
Kansas City
Springfield
Columbia
Omaha
Overland Park
Chicago
Careers
COVID-19 Resources