https://www.luthercare.org/privacy-policy/
For the most up-to-date information on the coronavirus (COVID-19) and Luthercare's visitation guidelines please visit our News section.
717.626.1171
Where Potential is Ageless
Luthercare’s Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Luthercare Website
Thank you for visiting the website of Luthercare and reviewing our privacy policy. This policy explains how Luthercare collects and uses information by means of our website at www.luthercare.org.
Luthercare does not sell, exchange, or release your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Information We Collect and How it is Used
We collect website usage information (number of unique hits, geographic information, etc.) on an aggregate basis to help us better administer the site and identify usage trends, but we do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information (such as your name or email address), nor do we use personally identifiable information to monitor your specific web usage patterns on our site.
Certain areas of our website require visitors to submit contact information that may include your name, email address, or other personal information. All information you provide is confidential and will be used for internal purposes only or to respond to your requests for information.
Security
Online donations are secure through a protected web page powered by Blackbaud®, however, please be aware that Luthercare has no control over the security of information sent to us via email.
How We Protect the Privacy of Those We Serve
Protecting the privacy of those we serve, particularly children, is very important to us. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection act, we do not collect or maintain information by means of our website from children who we know are under the age of 13 without parental consent. Children under the age of 13 should not disclose or provide any personally identifiable information without parental consent. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with such information, we will delete such information from our records.
Links to Third Party Sites
For your convenience, our website may link to partner agencies and other third party websites. Luthercare does not review or monitor the content or privacy policies of the sites that link to or from our site, and we do not exercise control or authority over such websites. Please note when you click one of these links, you are entering another website for which Luthercare has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on all such sites as their policies may differ from ours.
How You Can Correct or Update your Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes or if you no longer desire our services, you can correct, update, or ask us to remove the personal data that you have provided by sending an email, by faxing your request to 717.626.0815, or by calling 717.626.1171.
Your Consent to this Policy
By using the Luthercare website and providing us with your personal information, you are accepting the privacy practices described in this policy statement. We may update this policy periodically. If we do, notices will be posted on our website so you will always be aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Please check back occasionally.
How You Can Contact Us
If you have questions about this privacy policy, the practices of the Luthercare website, or your dealings with this website, please contact us via email or write us at:
Public Relations
Luthercare
600 East Main Street
Lititz, PA 17543
Luthercare is a registered 501c3 that has been serving the Lancaster and Lebanon counties since 1949. After more than 60 years, we continue our mission of “reflecting Christ’s love through service to others.”
2020 Luthercare. 600 E. Main Street | Lititz , PA 17543 | Telephone 717.626.1171 | Fax 717.626.1610
About Luthercare
History
Our Faith & Values
Leadership
President’s Message
Partnerships
Financial Information
Our Services
Independent Living
Personal Care
Memory Care
Skilled Nursing Care
Rehab to Home
In Home Services
Childcare
Our Communities
Luther Acres
Plan a Visit
Independent Living
Active Lifestyle
Dining
Personal Care
Memory Support
Skilled Nursing
Rehab to Home
An Investment for Your Future
Spang Crest
Memory Support Personal Care
Spang Crest Costs & Services
Plan a Visit
Quality Skilled Nursing Care
Rehab-to-Home
Spang Crest Costs & Services
St. John’s Herr Estate
Plan a Visit
Independent Living
Active Lifestyle
Personal Care
An Investment for Your Future
News
Events
Giving
Ways To Give
Annual Golf Tournament
Donate Now
Contact Us
Schedule a Visit
Careers
Apply Online
Volunteer
Search for: