http://www.quizlaw.com/def/privacy_policy.php
QuizLaw
Simple Answers to Complex Legal Questions
Home
Sitemap
About Us
Contact Us
Attorney Directory
Legal Definitions
PRIVACY POLICY
QuizLaw collects personal information when you submit an inquiry to us - specifically, your name and e-mail address. In addition, QuizLaw may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browsers, including your IP address and the page requested.
QuizLaw uses any such collected information for the purpose of better serving you. QuizLaw does not rent, sell or otherwise share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies unless we are responding to subpoenas, court order, or legal processes, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Because we host ads provided by Google AdSense, we should also note that Google uses cookies and tracks some of your info in order to provide advertisements about goods and services it thinks may interest you. You can get more info on Google’s advertising privacy policy here. For more on some of our other ads, we give you the NAI disclosure:
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Legal Topics
Attorney Directory
Bankruptcy
Business Law
Criminal Law
Divorce Law
Federal Income Tax
HR/Employment Law
Intellectual Property
Personal Injury Law
State Tax
Trusts and Estates
Supreme Court Decisions
Blog Feeds
QuizLaw Blogroll
Above the Law
Althouse
Anonymous Lawyer
Blawg Review
Concurring Opinions
FindLaw
Freedom to Differ
How Appealing
Jesus' General
Legal Antics
The Legal Reader
The Legal Satyricon
News America Now
OhMyGov!
Overlawyered
PDF for Lawyers
Point of Law
Professor Bainbridge
TalkLeft
Unfogged
Volokh Conspiracy
WSJ Law Blog
Blogads
Copyright © 2005-2020 QuizLaw GP | Disclaimer - Legal Information Does Not Constitute Legal Advice | Privacy Policy