https://www.mainecf.org/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Privacy and Security
Since its founding in 1983, the Maine Community Foundation has been committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and security of personal information entrusted to us by current donors, potential donors, officers and staff of nonprofit agencies who approach us for funding, and the people they serve.
Like all organizations with a web presence, the Maine Community Foundation receives standard tracking data: Information from your browser, including your IP address and the page you visited, is recorded in our website server logs. This data is analyzed internally to determine how to best provide information to visitors to MaineCF’s website. No personal information is collected during the tracking process.
Online giving transactions are processed on a secure server. We have put into effect appropriate procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Once you provide us with personal or professional information, that data remains confidential. We will not share any information you provide with any individual or organization. We do not knowingly collect or maintain information from those we know are younger than age 13, and no part of our website is designed to attract anyone under 13.
Links to Other Sites
As a community service, the Maine Community Foundation provides links to websites for various nonprofits and nonprofit resources. Unless we expressly state otherwise, the Maine Community Foundation makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of those sites. A link to a website from the Maine Community Foundation is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners or providers. When leaving www.mainecf.org, we recommend you check the privacy statement of the site you are visiting before providing personal information.
Web Links to This Site
You may establish a hypertext link to this site from your website, so long as the page containing the link properly attributes the linked site to the Maine Community Foundation and does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by the Maine Community Foundation. We may revoke this permission at any time. Without prior written consent of the Maine Community Foundation, you may not create a link to this site that incorporates or relies upon, in whole or in part, any content from any page on this website, or that incorporates any copyrighted or otherwise intellectual property of the Maine Community Foundation.
Changes to Privacy Statement
The Maine Community Foundation may amend this privacy statement from time to time. Such changes will be publicly posted in this area of MaineCF’s website.
Questions or Suggestions: If you have any questions or suggestions, please send an e-mail to the webmaster.
Last revised: 03/29/19
Online Grant Applications
For MaineCF Grant Applicants
To apply for a grant at MaineCF.
Apply Here
Online Scholarship Applications
For MaineCF Scholarship Applicants
To apply for a scholarship at MaineCF.
Apply Here
X
Fund Connection
For MaineCF Donors & Fundholders
To make a grant or view fund statements.
Log In Here
Online Grant System
For MaineCF Grantees
To complete grant reports.
Log In Here
Online Grant Review
For MaineCF Grant Reviewers
To review grant proposals.
Log In Here
Board & Staff
For MaineCF Board & Staff
Board & Staff access to MaineCF materials.
Log In Here
County and Regional Program
For MaineCF County and Regional Committees
Advisor access to committee information.
Log In Here
Online Scholarship Review
For MaineCF Scholarship Reviewers
Advisor access to scholarship applications.
Log In Here
X