https://www.unexplained-mysteries.com/privacy-policy.php
Friday, December 11, 2020
Contact us
|    Advertise    |
Help    |   Cookie Policy    |   Privacy Policy
Home  ·  News  ·  Forum  ·  Stories  ·  Image Gallery  ·  Columns  ·  Encyclopedia  ·  Videos
Find:
in
NewsForums
Welcome Guest ( Login or Register )
Privacy Policy
Unexplained-Mysteries.com has a firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the unexplained-mysteries.com web site.
Data we collect
For users who have an account registered on our site, we store your display name, e-mail address, password (in an encrypted format) and IP address, as well as any other optional personal information you choose to share on your profile or on the forums.
What the data is used for
Your display name, e-mail address and password are required to enable you to log in to and access your account. If you have opted to receive e-mail notifications of new posts, topics or other forum content, your e-mail address will also be used for this purpose.
Data retention
The abovementioned data will be retained until either your account is deleted or the site ceases to operate.
Data sharing
We do not share your personal data with any third parties.
Data location
Unexplained-Mysteries.com (and by extension your account data) is hosted on a managed server in Michigan, United States provided by Liquid Web, L.L.C.Liquid Web complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.
Data removal
You have the right to request the removal of your account, along with all personal data, from the site. Alternatively you can request that your account be 'closed', which prevents it from being used but retains your information and content.
Requesting information or rectification
You have the right to request that we provide you with a copy of your personal data. If you believe that any of this data is incorrect, you also have the right to request it be updated. Such requests can be made using the contact form - here.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer and that enables a web server to collect information from the browser. We use cookies to remember you when you log in to the site and our advertising sponsors may also collect or use cookie data pertaining to and during the ad serving process. More details about the use of cookies on the site can be found - here.
Google Analytics
To help us learn more about our visitors, we use Google Analytics - a widely-used Google service that provides us with general information such as which pages on the site are receiving the most views, which browser is most popular and which keywords helped bring in the most new visitors from the search engines. This information is anonymous, meaning that it does not record any personally identifiable information about site visitors. If you wish to opt out however you can do so - here.
Third party advertising
Like most websites, we display advertising to help pay for the site's running costs. Some of these third-party advertising companies may use general aggregated information about your visit to this site or to other sites to display targeted advertisements. The data collected may include IP addresses, mobile device information and advertising identifiers. To learn more about this practice or to opt-out, please visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org, http://optout.aboutads.info or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Exponential / Tribal Fusion
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement. For more details including opt-out requests, access requests or complaints, please review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via privacy@exponential.com.
Affiliates
Unexplained-Mysteries.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.co.uk and amazon.ca.
Enforcement
If you have any concerns about our adherence to this privacy policy, please get in touch - here
Trending news stories
1 week
2 weeks
3 weeks
1 month
Leaked Pentagon UFO photograph emerges
12-4-2020
Intelligent life 'extremely rare', study claims
12-5-2020
US, Israel in contact with ET, claims former chief
12-8-2020
Has the metal monoliths mystery been solved ?
12-5-2020
Mystery illness hospitalizes 200 people in India
12-7-2020
'Adolf Hitler' wins local election in Namibia
12-4-2020
German Enigma machine found in the Baltic Sea
12-6-2020
Massive goldfish caught in South Carolina lake
12-9-2020
Footage shows collapse of Arecibo observatory
12-6-2020
Telescope captures close-up image of sunspot
12-7-2020
NASA outlines goals for crewed Moon mission
12-8-2020
Man-made materials outweigh all life on Earth
12-9-2020
Stories & Experiences
The voice of something not human 11-17-2020 | Baldwin Hills, Los Angeles
Shadow figure demon ? 11-14-2020 | USA
Ghost following me 9-18-2020 | Iowa
Mysterious glowing cube 8-23-2020 | Alabama
Black blob in my room/bed 7-23-2020 | Powell,TN U.S.
Transparent levitating ball
7-14-2020 | Santa Rosa, California
Mysterious fingerprints 6-24-2020 | PA
Did my dead best friend talk to me? 6-24-2020 | England
Grim reaper-like visitation
6-16-2020 | Canada
My monster catfish story 6-15-2020 | Dallas texas
More stories | Send us your story
Top   |  Home   |   Forum   |   News   |   Image Gallery   |  Columns   |   Encyclopedia   |   Videos   |   Polls
UM-X 10.712 Unexplained-Mysteries.com (c) 2001-2020
Terms   |   Privacy Policy   |   Cookies   |   Advertise   |   Contact   |   Help/FAQ