https://www.corporateaccountability.org/privacy-policy/
Who we areWhat we doGet involvedRead the blogPodcastResourcesFor mediaHow we advance justiceWaterClimateFoodTobaccoDemocracy
Sign Up
Donate
Monthly
One-time
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Corporate Accountability is and always has been people-powered. More than 85 percent of our funding comes from individuals just like you. You provide the grassroots muscle that holds corporations accountable. You give us the hope, the inspiration, and the power to keep organizing for a just future for all every single day.
And you trust us to keep your data safe and secure. We take that task very seriously, and are committed to keeping your personal information protected.
When you share information with us, it makes it possible for us to stand together for justice, to share urgent updates and actions with you, or if you choose, to make a gift.
We are grateful for your partnership and take the trust you put in us very seriously.
Topics:
What information do we collect about you?
How will we use the information about you?
How we keep your information secure.
Email.
Access to your information and correction.
Cookies.
Other websites.
Changes to our privacy policy.
How to contact us.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information that you may voluntarily share with us in order to complete an online action, sign a petition, join our email list, or make a donation. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process donations, fulfill online actions, and if you agree, to email you about our campaigns and ways for you to get involved.
When you fill out or sign petitions and letters to the editor, your name, city, state, zip code, and comments are treated as public information. We will NEVER make your street address publicly available, but we may transmit it to members of U.S. Congress, the president, or the other decision-makers to whom you are writing, as noted on the petition page.
Periodically, Corporate Accountability exchanges or rents mail lists to other organizations dedicated to creating social change. Please let us know if you would like us to exclude your name from that process. To do so, contact our membership manager at +1-800-688-8797 or write to Corporate Accountability, 10 Milk Street, Suite 610, Boston, MA 02108. Don’t forget to include your name and address!
We use your information collected from the website using cookies to personalize your repeat visits to our website and to monitor the performance of our website.  For more information see the cookies section of this privacy policy.
For some online actions, we partner with allied organizations.  For these online actions and if you agree, your contact information will be shared with those listed allied organizations so that they may ask you to take actions on their campaigns and support their work.
How we keep your information secure
When you contribute to Corporate Accountability online, we use a secure server and end-to-end SSL encryption to protect your financial and personal information during transmission. Our network system is fully PCI compliant, using best practice security tools, including two-step authentication and complex passwords. We do not save or store your credit card information when we process a one-time contribution. The one-time gift processing is protected by a firewall. For recurring contributions, we use a secure server where your credit card information is end-to-end encrypted and stored.
Email
If you have agreed to receive our emails you will receive updates about our campaigns. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you or giving your information to allied organizations.  If at any point you decide you don’t want to get our updates, you can easily unsubscribe using any of the following methods:
Click on the unsubscribe link included in each email.
Complete this email unsubscribe form.
Email us: Info@CorporateAccountability.org.
Or call us at +1-800-688-8797.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email info@corporateaccountability.org or write to us at 10 Milk Street, Suite 610, Boston, MA 02108.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies. Corporate Accountability is not responsible for privacy practices of other sites accessed from our website.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on May 24, 2018.
How to contact us
We love to hear from our members! If you donate to us and need to update your information at any time, please call +1-800-688-8797 or email Info@CorporateAccountability.org.
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you.
Get involved
Give
Join our team
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. OkRead more