http://www.forestonline.org/about-forest/privacy-policy/
Voice and friend of the smoker
Contact us
HomeAbout ForestMedia CentreNews ReleasesInfo BankTake ActionHelp UsSign Up
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors.
1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and subscribers in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
2. How we use your personal data
2.1 We may process data about your use of our website ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website. The legal basis for this processing is consent or our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website.
2.2 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent. (You can unsubscribe at any time.)
2.3 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this section, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.4 Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3. Providing your personal data to others
3.1 We may disclose your personal data to our employees and official representatives insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
3.2 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.3 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this section, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.4 We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
4. International transfers of your personal data
4.1 Your personal data may be processed and transferred to countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
4.2 Personal data that you submit through our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
4.3 You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this section.
5. Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1 This section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this section, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6. Amendments
6.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
6.3 We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
7. Your rights
7.1 In this section we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:
the right to access
the right to rectification
the right to erasure
the right to restrict processing
the right to object to processing
the right to data portability
the right to complain to a supervisory authority
the right to withdraw consent
7.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data.
7.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
7.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
7.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is: (a) consent; or (b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
7.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
7.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in this section.
8. About cookies
8.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
8.2 Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
8.4 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
8.5 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies.
8.6 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
Chrome
Firefox
Opera
Internet Explorer
Safari
Edge
8.7 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
8.8 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
9. Our details
9.1 This website is owned and operated by the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco (FOREST) Ltd.
9.2 Our registered office is at York House, Empire Way, Wembley HA9 0PA.
9.3 Our principal place of business is at Sheraton House, Castle Park, Cambridge CB3 0AX.
9.4 You can contact us:
by post, to our principal place of business above
by telephone, on 01223 370156
by email, using contact@forestonline.org
10. Updating information
If the personal information we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated please contact us using the contact details above.
Back to top
About Forest
Message from our director
Brief overview
Key priorities
How Forest works
Our supporters
Messages of support
Frequently asked questions
Privacy Policy
Latest News
Tobacco free Ireland target "illiberal" and "unachievable"
Forest has urged the Irish government to abandon its target of making Ireland ‘tobacco free’ by 2025.
Ireland: Forest's response to increase in tobacco duty
Increase in excise duty on tobacco is "another kick in the teeth" for smokers, says Forest Ireland.
Poll: 70% of adults in Ireland say buying cigarettes from the black market or abroad is "understandable"
An overwhelming majority of adults in Ireland think that purchasing cigarettes and tobacco from the black market or other countries is 'understandable' given the high cost of tobacco sold legally at home.
Info Bank
Recommended reading
History of smoking
Point of sale
Passive smoking
Internet cigarettes
Smoking in cars
Smoking and health
Smoking at work
Get Involved
Take Action
Sign up to our mailing list
Help us
Contact Us
Useful Links
Search
Disclaimer: Forest is supported by British American Tobacco, Imperial Tobacco  Limited and Gallaher Limited (a member of the Japan Tobacco Group of Companies). The views expressed on this or any other Forest-affiliated website are those of Forest alone.
© 2020 All Rights Reserved. Forest, Sheraton House, Castle Park, Cambridge CB3 0AX.