https://www.livingchoice.com.au/terms/
Terms
Skip to content
Our Villages Adelaide Woodcroft Flagstaff Hill Fullarton Sydney NSW Leisure Lea Gardens Glenhaven Galston Central Coast NSW Alloura Waters Broadwater Court Deepwater Court Queensland Kawana Island Twin Waters Sunshine CoveWhy Living Choice Why choose Living Choice Careers with Living Choice Security The Living Choice Team Refer and WinNews & Events News Events Frequently Asked Questions Choice Living Magazine Media enquiriesHome Care
Contact Us
Terms
and Conditions
Disclaimer
All information (including but not limited to price, general descriptions, and other content) on the Website is provided as a convenience to you.
In placing the information on the Website, Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd  does not accept any liability (direct or indirect) for any injury, loss, claim, damage or any incidental or consequential damages, including but not limited to lost profits or savings, arising out of or in any way connected with the use of any information, or any error, omission or defect in the information, contained on the Website.
Information contained on the Website should not be relied upon and you should make your own enquiries in respect of any services offered on the Website and seek legal advice with respect of any information about information contained on the Website.
Prices displayed on the Website are current at the time of issue, but may change at any time and are subject to availability.
HYPERLINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES:
This Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd . Such hyperlinks are provided for reference only. Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd
does not control such websites, and is not responsible for their contents. Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd' inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the information or material available on such websites or any association with their operators, and you use such websites, including information, material, products and services contained in them, solely at your own risk. Furthermore, because Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd’ privacy policy is applicable only when you are on this Website, once linked to another website, you should carefully read that website’s privacy policy before disclosing any personal information.
USE OF WEBSITE:
As a condition of your use of the Website or any services on the Website, you warrant to Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd that you will not use the Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms & Conditions. In particular, but without limitation, you agree not to:
use the Website to defame, abuse, harass, store, threaten or otherwise offend others;
publish, distribute, email, transmit or disseminate any material which is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, indecent, offensive or inappropriate;
use any automated scripting tools or software;
engage in or promote any unsolicited emailing or spamming via the Website;
impersonate any person or entity;
in any way make available using the Website any material that you do not have a right to make available or which contains viruses or other computer codes, files or programmes designed to interrupt, limit or destroy the functionality of other computer software or hardware.
CHANGES TO SITE:
Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd may make improvements or changes in the information, services, products, and other materials displayed on this Website, or terminate this Website, at any time without notice. Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd may modify the terms and conditions of access to and use of this site at any time, and such modifications will take effect immediately upon posting of the modified terms and conditions on this Website.  Accordingly, you agree to read the terms and conditions on a regular basis, and your continued access or use of this Website will be deemed to be your acceptance of the modified terms and conditions.
INDEMNITY:
You agree to indemnify and hold Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd and its officers, employees and agents harmless from and against all and any expenses, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses incurred or suffered in any claim or legal proceeding which may be brought or threatened from your use of or conduct on the Website and/or a breach of any of the terms and conditions in relation to the Website.
GOVERNING LAW:
These terms and conditions and the resolution of any dispute between Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd and you will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Australia, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd’ failure to insist upon strict enforcement of any provision of these terms and conditions will not constitute a waiver of any provision or right.  Any legal action or proceeding between Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd and you related to these terms and conditions will be brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction in Australia.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd does not exclude any rights or remedies available to you under the Trade Practices Act or similar State or Territory legislation which cannot be excluded, restricted or modified at law. Otherwise, Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd and its officers, employees and agents exclude all conditions and warranties in connection with the ownership and operation of the Website including those which may be implied by law.  You expressly agree and understand that in no circumstances will Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd or its officers, employees or agents be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, special and/or consequential loss or damage of whatever nature which arise or result from:
the use of or access to or any inability to use or access the Website or any material on the Website;
unauthorised access to or alterations of your transmissions or data;
statements or conduct of any third party on the Website.
Copyright Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd Home
Contact Us
Careers
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Scroll To Top