https://www.summerwindsstables.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This document describes the policies implemented by the SummerWindsStables “we”, “us” or “our”) for collecting and handling of information about you collected through SummerWindsStables’ websites. This policy is subject to change from time to time, and the updated policy changes will be posted on these websites, so you should regularly check this page for updates.
Protecting privacy is very important to SUMMERWINDSSTABLES. We hope this statement will help you understand how SUMMERWINDSSTABLES collects, uses and safeguards the personal information it collects on its websites.
Different websites have different policies with respect to personal information. If you access non-SUMMERWINDSSTABLES websites via links on SUMMERWINDSSTABLES websites, any information that you provide to those websites is subject to that site’s privacy policies, not SummerWindsStables’. We recommend that you review the privacy statements of each website that you visit.
General Information Collection and Use
We collect information from our users at several different points on our website:
Log Files
We use IP addresses to help analyze trends (e.g., through Google Analytics), administer the site, track users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Cookies
Our sites use cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our sites.
For instance, by setting a cookie on our sites, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our sites. Based on the settings in your browser, you may be given the option to reject or delete the cookie. If you do so, you may still use SummerWindsStables’ websites, but your use may be limited in some areas. We also use cookies to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our sites.
Registrations
In order to receive certain updates or use certain features of our websites, you may have to first complete a registration form. During registration you will be required to provide certain contact information (such as name and email address).
You may also be prompted to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), but providing this information is optional. By providing this information, however, you enable us to provide you a more personalized experience on our sites.
Email
When you register at one of our sites, subscribe to a newsletter, or make a donation/subscription, you may be required to provide your email address. We use this information to send you email about the services on our sites in which you have expressed interest, and about issues, events and other matters which we believe will be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving future emails at any time.
Submissions
If you elect to submit content to us, we will retain a copy of that content for our purposes and will keep your name and contact information on file. If we are contacted by any third party (such as a journalist) for information about the source of a submission, we will only provide your name and contact information after first obtaining your consent.
Security
SUMMERWINDSSTABLES uses security measures to reduce the risk of loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control. Certain transactions are processed by third parties, and these third parties have their own security and privacy policies, which we suggest you review so as to understand how they will use information about you.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If your information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove from our systems the personal data provided to us (though we may retain a copy for archival purposes). This can usually be done using the contact form.
Third Parties
We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any third party, nor will we share your personally identifiable information with any third party not directly related to the operation and development of our websites without your prior approval unless required by law or legal process.
SummerWindsStables.com
20 June 2017