http://www.royalmail.com/terms-website
Skip to main content
Search
Clear input
Coronavirus update: We’re keeping the UK connected. Despite best efforts some services may be disrupted.
Click for more info on coronavirus. Buy postage now with Click & Drop or the Royal Mail app.
Royal Mail website terms of use
1. Your use of this website
1.1 These terms and conditions set out the terms on which you may use www.royalmail.com (this website).
1.2 By using this website, you accept these terms and conditions of use. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, you should stop using this website.
1.3 In these terms and conditions, Royal Mail, we or us means Royal Mail Group Limited and its related group companies. For more information about the Royal Mail group of companies, please click here.
2. Information about us
2.1 This website is owned and operated by Royal Mail Group Limited.
2.2 Royal Mail Group Limited is a company registered in England and Wales. Our registered number is 4138203 and our registered office is at:
100 Victoria Embankment
London
EC4Y 0HQ
2.3 Our VAT registration number is GB243170002.
3. Security and privacy
3.1 We take the security and privacy of our systems and our customers' information very seriously. We review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers. There are specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data, and we will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.
3.2 By using this website, you agree to the collection and use of your data in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy, and the specific customer terms and conditions relevant to the different products and services available through this website.
3.3 For more information about how we use your information, please see our Privacy Notice.
3.4 This website uses cookies. For more information about how we use cookies, please see our Cookies Policy.
3.5 For more information about the terms which apply to each of our products and services, see the specific terms and conditions.
4. Content and accuracy of information
4.1 The information on this website is provided on an "as is" basis. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we give no representations, warranties or guarantees that the content of this website is accurate, complete or up to date.
4.2 Some information on this website is taken from sources external to us or is of a type that changes frequently. In particular, we do not guarantee the accuracy and currency of information about prices, compensation limits and conditions, delivery times, packaging requirements, posting restrictions and prohibitions and conditions of posting in countries outside the United Kingdom.
4.3 We do not necessarily share the opinions expressed on, or endorse the material appearing in, external content published on this website.
4.4 We may make changes to the contents of this website, including to the descriptions and prices of goods and services advertised, at any time and without notice.
4.5 Personalisation of the site based on user activity and preferences may change the appearance and contents of this website at any time.
5. Our liability
5.1 We do not exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence.
5.2 To the fullest extent permitted by law, we:
5.2.1 exclude all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website; and
5.2.2 exclude all liability for loss or damage arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised us of the possibility of such potential loss) and indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
5.3 We will not be responsible for any loss or damage arising under or in connection with your use of this website or your use of, or reliance on, any of the content contained on this website.
5.4 The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer that cannot be excluded or limited are affected.
6. Intellectual property rights
6.1 All intellectual property rights in this website, and the material contained on it, are owned or licensed by us.
6.2 Royal Mail, the Royal Mail cruciform, Parcelforce Worldwide and the Parcelforce Worldwide logo are registered trademarks of Royal Mail Group Limited or its related companies in the United Kingdom and other countries.
6.3 The names of our goods and services featured on this website are trade marks of Royal Mail Group Limited or its related companies.
6.4 All website design, text, graphics, their selection and arrangement, and all software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) and all other material on this website are copyright of Royal Mail Group Limited or its related companies or licensors.
7. Contracts
7.1 The products or services on sale on this website are subject to our shop terms and conditions and any specific terms applicable to the relevant product or service.
7.2 Our shop terms and conditions can be found here.
7.3 The terms and conditions for each of our products and services can be found here.
8. Registration
8.1 You may use this website to register for an account with us.
8.2 If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
8.3 We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms and conditions.
8.4 If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at www.royalmail.com/contact-us.
8.5 We may cancel your registration for this website or any service hosted on this website if you breach these terms and conditions or the customer terms and conditions for any service.
9. Discussion groups and bulletin boards
9.1 We do not usually edit or monitor the content of any discussion group or bulletin board hosted on this website. The content of discussion groups and bulletin boards is provided by third parties and we are not the publisher of it. However, we may remove content from any discussion group or bulletin board at our discretion.
10. Links to this website
10.1 You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. To request our consent, please contact our Brand team at brand.team@royalmail.com
10.2 If we do not consent and you create a link to a page of this website, you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out in these terms and conditions will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
11. Links from this website
11.1 We do not monitor or review the content of other parties' websites that are linked from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us. We are not the publisher of such opinions or material.
12. Third party advertising
12.1 Pages on this website may contain advertisements placed by third parties. We are not responsible for the content of these advertisements. Clicking on the links contained on these advertisements may take you to third party websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the content of these third party websites.
13. Availability
13.1 We do not guarantee that this website will always be available or uninterrupted.
13.2 Some products and services featured on this website will only be available within the United Kingdom, or in relation to postings from the United Kingdom.
14. Downloadable content
14.1 We will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that any content we make available on this website for downloading (including software or any electronic file) is suitable for downloading, installation and use by third parties.
14.2 All content we make available for downloading is provided "as is" without any warranty. Specifically, and without limitation, we do not warrant that any such content is virus free, without defects, compatible with other software or operating systems or suitable for any specific purpose.
14.3 We accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by the downloading, installation or use of any such content, and the general exclusions and limitations set out in the 'Our Liability' section of these terms and conditions shall apply to the downloading, installation or use of such content.
15. General
15.1 These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales.
15.2 If you are a consumer, all disputes arising out of your access to this website are subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. If you are a resident of Northern Ireland, you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. If you are a business, all disputes arising out of your access to this website are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
15.3 If any of these terms or conditions is deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to, the exclusions and limitations set out above) then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and conditions and the remaining provisions will continue to apply.
15.4 These terms and conditions were last updated 14 July 2014. We may change these terms and conditions at any time by amending this page, and so you should check back to this page regularly.
Breadcrumb
Home
Current page:
Royal Mail website terms of use
Clear