http://www.redbudhills.com/terms-of-use
COVID-19 Update
Learn More
Holidaytouchcom
HolidayTouchcom
39a8046a-8140-e111-8d0a-1cc1dee8aa73
close the pop-up
Share or Save
Share with your family and friends now via email
Email Now
Save to your favorites and access any time via "Favorites"
Save Now
Redbud Hills,a Holiday RetirementCommunity
View More Photos
Photos
Redbud Hills
Schedule a Visit
3211 E Moores PikeBloomington, IN 47401
812-578-7311
812-578-7311
Redbud Hills retirement community is set in a peaceful area of Bloomington, Indiana. Spend quiet evenings in the courtyard surrounded by trees. Listen to the bubbling of the small waterfall on campus. Paved paths are perfect for walking your pooch or strolling with your neighbors.
There’s always something going on near this centrally located senior living community. In warmer months, enjoy the farmers markets and outdoor events Bloomington offers. Attend the famous Lotus World Music and Arts Festival. Indiana University houses several attractions such as an arboretum, an opera and ballet theater, a university orchestra, and four museums and art galleries. The AMC Bloomington movie theater is just a half mile away. This independent living community is also near several hospitals and medical centers.
Redbud Hills is an award-winning, independent senior living community. Awards include the 2020 Great Place to Work certification, the 2019 Great Place to Work certification, and the 2018 Great Place to Work certification.
Keeping You Informed
Our commitment to helping older people live better means sharing important and timely information to help you make an informed decision to live in a Holiday community. Redbud Hills operates with extensive protocols that mitigate the spreading of COVID-19.  If a resident tests positive for COVID-19, we notify residents and their designated contacts, our employees, and the local health department. In addition, the number of active cases is shared here. We are so proud of our team’s efforts and hard work to protect our community. See here for more information on our prevention and response measures.
Active Cases = 0
Schedule a Visit With Us
If you'd like to speak with us about joining our senior living community, please use this form. Our friendly and knowledgeable staff will respond promptly. You can even schedule a personalized virtual tour. We're here 7 days a week and offer visits to suit your schedule.
In the neighborhood
Moving to a new home can be challenging, but you’ll find familiar comforts and discover new favorites at Redbud Hills and in the surrounding Bloomington area. With so many entertainment options and transportation services, residents at Redbud Hills enjoy a lifestyle that’s anything but boring.
View Map
Floor Plans & Room Planner
Redbuud Hills features inviting floor plans designed to maximize resident access and everyday comfort in your new home. Use this convenient guide to choose from the many available room sizes and layouts, then use our room planning tool to help arrange the furniture in your new home.
View Floor Plans
Community Amenities and Services
Community Features
Activity Room
Barber/Beauty Salon
Billiard Lounge
Chapel
Community Grounds
Computer Room with Internet Access
Private Dining Room
Fitness Equipment
Game Room
Wheelchair Accessible
Large Screen TV Lounge
Laundry Facilities
Library
Locked Mailboxes
Garage Parking
Pets Welcome
Resident Kitchen
Safety Rails
Guest Suite
Renters Liability Insurance Program
Smoke Alarm and Sprinkler System
Show more
Apartment Features
Patio or Balcony
Basic Cable TV
Individually Controlled Heating and Air Conditioning
Kitchenette in Units
Telephone Hookups
Washer and Dryer Hookups
Carpet and Window Treatments
Refrigerator
Walk-in Tub
Wheelchair Accessible Units
Show more
Services Included with Monthly Rent
Most Utilities Included
Light Linen Service
Common Area WiFi
Complimentary Scheduled Transportation
Three Chef Prepared Meals Daily
Full Calendar of Enriching Activities
Lively Mobile Plus Personal Emergency Response Device
Weekly Housekeeping
Exclusive Travel and Stay Program
Maintenance
Show more
What are your interests?
Beauty Care
Fitness
Food
Involvement with Community
Leisure Activities
Pets
Technology
Travel
Volunteering
Beauty Care Needs Met On-Site
The convenience of Redbud Hills' on-site beauty salon and barber means all you have to do is walk in to get your hair and nails done. Of course, appointments are available.
Fitness Right at Home
Redbud Hills residents enjoy a variety of health and fitness activities, from weekly group exercise classes to anytime access to on-site fitness equipment.
Let Us Serve You
Enjoy restaurant-style dining served with courtesy and caring by our staff who know you. Chef-prepared meals are served every day in Redbud Hills' dining room. Sit with friends or invite your family for a special occasion in our private dining room. Each meal is designed to meet the unique nutritional needs of community members.
Make Memories Exploring the Surrounding Community
There’s so much to explore in the Bloomington area and Redbud Hills makes sure that residents experience as much as possible. Regular outings to favorite restaurants, local events, and more introduce residents to all their neighborhood has to offer and connect them to the surrounding community.
Life is Never Boring
Redbud Hills' comprehensive calendar is packed with both recurring activities and special events. The variety of available activities is meant to enrich the whole person by stimulating physical, emotional, spiritual, intellectual, creative, social or vocational wellness.
Pets Make Life Better
Furry friends are welcomed as residents at Redbud Hills. We understand how important the companionship and bond that seniors share with their pets. We’re delighted to have cats, dogs, birds, and even bunnies as part of our community.
Stay Connected with Technology and Wifi
Redbud Hills is equipped with WiFi access to help you stay connected throughout common areas. You can use a community desktop computer to stay up to date or connect your personal devices to the WiFi.
Travel and Adventure is Always Available
The exclusive Travel & Stay program offers residents exciting opportunities to travel around the country, with free stays of up to seven days at any of Holiday Retirement’s more than 260 communities. Three chef-prepared meals are included with each trip. Visit all 43 states or just choose a favorite new location or two.
Lend a Helping Hand
We have empowered residents to become resident ambassadors. These individuals have often lived in the community for quite some time and enjoy helping new residents get acclimated to senior living. They encourage new residents to take their time settling in and them feel comfortable in their new home.
Join us for a Complimentary Meal
At Holiday Retirement, we love our food and know you will too. We invite you and a guest to join us for a flavorful meal and the opportunity to see first-hand if independent retirement living is right for you.
Book Now
Download Menu
Need Help Moving ?
Holiday offers a complete solution to help you with downsizing and
moving into our senior living community. Our partner, Moves for Seniors,
specializes in managing all your move-related details and can be your
one-stop resource for stress-free transitions.
Learn more
Featured Properties
Parkside Court
Columbus, IN
32 miles from your preferred location
Check it Out
Oxmoor Lodge
Louisville, KY
79 miles from your preferred location
Check it Out
Ponder Creek Estates
Louisville, KY
79 miles from your preferred location
Check it Out
Schedule a Visit or Ask a Question
Office Hours / Walk-ins/ Appointments
Monday-Sunday 7:30 am - 7:30 pm
Chat Live
Get answers quickly
Chat
Email
Send a message
Email
Call
7 days a week
812-578-7311
Call
Call
Close the popup
Sign up
Create your profile now.
Please provide the following information to begin creating your profile. Your email address will be used as your user name.
First Name:
Last Name:
Email Address:
Phone Number:
If you'd like Holiday to contact you by phone
Next
Sign up with
Sign up
Create your password now.
Passwords should be 8 characters or more in length. Use a combination of upper- and lower-case letters, numbers and one or more of the following symbols: +.
Password:
Confirm Password:
Previous
Next
Sign up
Stay in touch with Holiday Retirement.
We'd like to stay in touch with you and we hope you'd like to ask well. We can provide you with regular email updates, or with your permission, reach out via phone from time to time. You are always welcome to contact us if you have any questions or wish to discuss options
YES! I would like to receive emails from Holiday
YES! Please mail me a Holiday brochure
By submitting this form and supplying your contact information, you agree to be contacted by Holiday Retirement and its affiliates. You also agree to Holiday Retirement’s
Privacy Policy,
Terms of Use, and
Agreement to be Contacted by Telephone.
Previous
Complete My Profile
Thank You
You can access your profile at any time by clicking or tapping on the "Favorites" in the site menu:
Favorites
Any time you "SAVE" or "ADD TO FAVORITE" any content on the site will be accessible via your profile. You can also access your profile at any time to change your information.
View My Profile
Explore the Site
Sign up
Sign up to create your profile now
Sign Up
Creating a Holiday Retirement Profile allows you to access your Favorites and to:
Save and share information on specific Holiday communities
Save and share resources, checklists, maps and more
Designate topics that you are interested in so a Holiday representative can better identify what information might be most helpful to you
Indicate how and how often you‘d like Holiday representatives to contact you.
Log In
Log in with your email address
Email Address:
Password:
Log In