https://www.burr.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: May 15, 2018
Introduction
Burr & Forman LLP (the “Firm” or “We”) respects, and is committed to protecting your privacy.
We want you to understand the information we collect when you visit our website located at www.burr.com (our “Website“), as well as how we use, maintain, protect and disclose that information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand how we will treat the information we collect when you visit our Website. If you do not agree with this policy, your choice is not to use our Website. Even if you choose not to use our Website, you may still contact us by other means to inquire about or engage us to perform legal services. There is no requirement that you use our Website to receive services from our Firm. This policy does not apply to information we collect from you as a result of providing legal representation, and it does not apply to information third parties collect about you.
By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see “Changes to Our Privacy Policy” below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect
Personal Data:
We do not collect any personal data from visitors to our website unless you voluntarily provide it to us. In order to request certain services or information through our website, you may submit information to us, including certain personally identifiable information, such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number or other contact information (your “personal data“). Personal data provided to us through the Website may be accessed, shared or processed at any Burr & Forman LLP office.
Other Data:
We collect certain non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to our Website, including, but not limited to, information about your internet connection, your IP address, the equipment and/or browser you use to access our Website, the pages on the Website that you visit and how long you visit those pages.
How We Collect Information
You may provide personal data to us by filling in forms on the Website, subscribing to one or more of our newsletters or legal updates, posting material, or requesting further services or information from the Firm. You must voluntarily submit personal data for it to be collected on our Website.
Non-personally identifiable information is collected automatically as you navigate through the Website, and may be collected using cookies, web beacons or other automated tracking technology.
In addition, we may retain records of the search queries you run on the Website.
You have options to control our use of these tools to collect your data, as described in “Your Choices” below.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our site.
Key concepts:
First and third-party cookies: whether a cookie is ‘first’ or ‘third’ party refers to the domain placing the cookie. First-party cookies are those set by a Web site that is being visited by the user at the time (eg cookies placed by website).
Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the Web site being visited by the user. If a user visits a Web site and another entity sets a cookie through that Web site, this would be a third-party cookie.
Persistent cookies: these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the Web site that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies: these cookies allow Web site operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
How to delete and block our cookies
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our site.
Changing your cookie settings
Please note that internet browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your internet browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful. Otherwise you should use the ‘Help’ option in your internet browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
How We Use the Information We Collect
If you do provide us with personal data, we may use it:
To respond to your inquiry, providing you with the information, products or services that you requested.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To fulfill any other purposes that we describe when you provide the information.
To notify you about change to our Website.
To contact you about services that we provide that may be of interest to you.
To provide you with updates about our Firm.
To provide you with general legal updates that may be of interest.
For other legally permissible purposes.
We use non-personally identifying information to improve the Website and to deliver a better, more personalized service on the Website. The non-personally identifying information allows us to:
Present our Website and its contents to you.
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
User Contributions
Our Website may also allow you to publish or display information you choose on our Website, such as comments or inquiries that will be published on a bulletin board or public forum (hereinafter, “posted“) which are public areas of the Website (collectively, “User Contributions“). User Contributions are, by default, accessible to the public, and you post and transmit such User Contributions at your own risk. Be aware that we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website who may access your User Contributions; therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed or utilized by unauthorized persons.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users and any other information that does not identify a particular individual, without restriction.
We will only disclose personal information that we collect from you pursuant to this privacy policy as follows:
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Firm’s assets in which personal information held by the Firm about is among the assets transferred.
If you attend an event hosted by the Firm and a co-sponsor, we may share your name, email address, and/or mailing address with the co-sponsor of the event.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
This policy will not in any way restrict our ability to use the information you provide to us in the context of a legal engagement for the purpose of providing the legal services for which we have been engaged, including, but not limited to representing you, contacting you about such legal representation, or contacting you about billing issues related to such legal representation.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly. The Firm is not responsible for any failures resulting from disabling or refusal to accept cookies. Alternatively, you may decline the use of tracking technologies when each time you visit our Website by selecting the appropriate choice in the pop-up banner.
Targeted Advertising. You may choose not to receive our general Firm announcements, legal updates, newsletters or similar materials. To do so, please opt-out by filling out our privacy submission form, or using the opt-out link at the bottom of each mailing.
Partner Sponsors. If you prefer that we not share your information with a partner sponsoring an event with us, please note that preference when you register the event, or notify us after the event by filling out our privacy submission form.
Service Providers. You may not opt out of having your information provided to our contracted service providers, unless you also opt out of receiving the service for which that service provide is engaged.
For example, if you opt not to receive our newsletters, your contact information will not be shared with the service provider who manages circulation of our newsletter.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
If you believe we have any of your personal information recorded incorrectly, if you want to see a copy of the information that we have on file for you, or if you want us to delete the information we have on file for you, you can make those requests by filling out our privacy submission form
If you request a copy of the information we have on file for you, we will email you a redacted copy of the information to the email address that we have on file for you (not to the address from which you request the information).
If you request changes to the information we have on file for you, we will make the changes and email a confirmation to the last email address we had on file for you.
If you request that we delete or erase your information from our records we will do so, unless we believe the change or deletion would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. Upon such deletion or erasure, we will send an email confirming such erasure or deletion to the last email address we had on file for you (not the address from which you request the information).
If we do not have an email address on file, the confirmation will be sent to the last known email address. Please note that deleting your information from our Website database will not erase your information from our Client database, and contact information you have provided in conjunction with receipt of legal services will be maintained in accordance with our policies for maintaining client information (and more detail is available about those policies when you become a client).
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please fill out our privacy submission form.
Data Security
We have implemented measures intended to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, neither those measures nor the transmission of information via the internet or cellular networks is completely secure and cannot be made completely secure. We cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information, including personal data, that you transmit to us via the internet or cellular networks.
Any such transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us by filling out our privacy submission form.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our practice to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page and place a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on the Website home page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Burr & Forman LLP
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiries
420 North 20th Street, Suite 3400
Birmingham, AL 35203
privacy@burr.com
About Burr
Working at Burr
Current Staff Openings
Attorney
Attorney Benefits
Summer Associate Program
Support Staff
Support Staff Benefits
Career Development
Advanced Workplace
Locations
Diversity
Leadership & Engagement
Empowering Women
Pre-Law Program
Diversity & Inclusion Committee
In the Community
Management
Client List
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks