https://www.unlock.org.uk/about-the-site/website-terms-of-use/
HomeAbout the siteWebsite terms of use
Website terms of useConditions of using our websites
Contents
IntroductionAbout usAccessing our sitesDisclaimerContentInformation about you and your visits to our sitesIntellectual property rightsUse of our information and materialsTrademarksUse of our websitesOur sites change regularlyUploading material to our sitesCommenting on our sitesLinking to our sitesLinks from our sites (External links)Our liabilityViruses, hacking and other offencesJurisdiction and applicable lawVariationsYour concerns
Introduction
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our sites, which includes the following URL’s – www.unlock.org.uk, hub.unlock.org.uk, forum.unlock.org.uk, www.disclosurecalculator.org.uk, www.the-record.org.uk and recruit.unlock.org.uk.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our sites. By using our sites, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our sites.
Quick link – Using our materials
Quick link – External links
About us
The sites covered by these terms are operated by Unlock (“we”, “us”, “Unlock” or “our”). We are a registered charity no. 1079046 and a company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales no. 3791535.
Our registered office is Maidstone Community Support Centre, 39-48 Marsham Street, Maidstone, Kent, ME14 1HH.
Accessing our sites
Access to our sites is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
When using our sites, you must comply these terms of use, and be aware of our privacy policy, as collectively they represent the whole agreement between you and Unlock.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our sites. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our sites through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Disclaimer
Our disclaimer relates to all of our information, advice and other services (which we refer on this to as our “information”)
Content
Our sites make use of PDF files for downloadable documents. In order to view these files you will need the free Adobe Acrobat Reader, which can be downloaded from www.adobe.com/reader.
Information about you and your visits to our sites
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our sites, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights on our sites, and in the material published on it (unless otherwise specified). Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You retain the ownership rights for your contributions and grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable right to exercise the copyright, publicity, trademarks, database rights and intellectual property rights you have in the contributions, in any media known now or in the future. In addition, you waive all moral rights you have in the contributions to the fullest extent permitted by law. You represent and warrant that you are entitled to grant such a licence to us.
Use of our information and materials
The terms that apply to using information and materials are available here.
Trademarks
Unlock and the accompanying logo and all other Unlock trade names, logos or project names are our registered or unregistered trademarks and/or other intellectual property of Unlock or third parties. You may not copy, use or reproduce these without our written consent (subject to the use of information above)
Use of our websites
We do not guarantee that the functions or materials accessible from or contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or faults.
You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use the site and is compatible with the site. You are also responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks to satisfy your requirements.
Our sites change regularly
We aim to update our sites regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our sites, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our sites may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Uploading material to our sites
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to our sites, such as via our forum, you must comply with the relevant rules of that feature. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those rules, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
Any material you upload to our sites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. You grant other users of the sites a non-exclusive license to view any material you post or upload to the website. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our sites constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our sites.
We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on our sites if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with the content standards set out in the relevant rules of that feature.
Commenting on our sites
We encourage people to share their views on our sites. We have a commenting and moderation policy which applies to most of our sites (except our forum). We have a specific set of rules for using our forum.
Linking to our sites
You may link to the home-page of any of our sites, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without prior permission from us.
Links to other parts of our sites are possible in certain circumstances, but permission should be sought from us first, as updates to our site may break these links in the future.
For guidance on linking to Unlock, click here.
Links from our sites (External links)
Where our sites contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of third-party sites. We accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them, or the availability of linked pages. If a link no longer goes to where it should, please let us know – email admin@unlock.org.uk.
Links to other sites will normally open in a new window.
A link to an external website does not imply any endorsement by, or affiliation with, Unlock of that site, its content, its views or any product or service its operators may provide.
Our liability
In circumstances where you suffer loss or damage arising out of or in connection with the use of the sites, we accept no liability for this loss or damage.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Notwithstanding the above, if we are liable to you for any reason, our liability will be limited to £200. This limit does not apply to any liability we may have for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or from our fraudulent misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our sites, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our sites. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you may commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of any breach of this provision, your right to use our sites will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our sites or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The Terms of Use of our sites are governed by English law. All claims or disputes arising out of or in connection with our sites shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England. However, Unlock shall have the right to commence and prosecute any legal or equitable action or proceeding before any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain injunctive and other relief in respect of the infringement of intellectual property rights.
Variations
Unlock reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time. Please check these Terms of Use on a regular basis for changes. Your continued use of the site after changes are posted will mean you accept the Terms of Use as modified by the posted changes.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact admin@unlock.org.uk.
Thank you for visiting our sites.
TOP
We use cookies on this website to help us improve it.					Find out more about how we use cookies in our privacy policy - click here
Click here to remove this notice