http://www.insidehousing.co.uk/ih-information/privacy-policy
CoronavirusFinanceDevelopmentRegulationMore topics
NewsIH LiveCommentInsightNewsletters
Subscribe
Jobs
Events
CIH
Search
Search
Login
My Account
CoronavirusFinanceDevelopmentRegulationMore topics
NewsIH LiveCommentInsightNewsletters
Subscribe
Jobs
Events
CIH
Search
Search
Login
My Account
Register
Login
Privacy Statement Privacy Notice
This privacy statement sets out how Ocean Media Group upholds the law and protects your data.
If you have any queries or concerns about the policy, please get in touch with us using dataprotect@oceanmedia.co.uk or write to us at Ocean Media Group, 3rd Floor, 4 Harbour Exchange Square, Isle of Dogs, London, E14 9GE and we will do our best to answer your questions.
“Ocean Media Group” includes the brands Homes, Housing, Housing Expert, Inside Housing and Social Housing and their related events, products and services. If you wish to receive a list of our trading companies please send a request to dataprotect@oceanmedia.co.uk
Our commitment to you
We have structured our website so that you can visit without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
We will only collect data about you that is relevant and necessary
Your data will only be held on systems that meet compliance standards
Your data will only be accessed by those who need it and we will minimise the amount of data that is processed, wherever possible
We won’t share or sell your data to any third party unless either you have agreed, we are required to share it by law or we need to fulfil our service commitments to you through a third party that meets our own privacy standards
We will always remember that it is your personal data, not ours. As such we will ensure complete transparency and openness with you
We respect your rights as outlined in the next section and will respond to all requests promptly
What Personal Data do we collect?
If you want to contact us or create a subscription, sign up for an event or start a membership, we ask you for the following data:
First and Last Name
Contact Email address
Company Name
Company Market
Billing Address if you subscribe or use our services
Payment Details if you subscribe including your credit/debit card details
We also collect a limited amount of other data including:
Transaction Data such as purchase date and time
Cookie and tracking technology data, such as time spent on website, pages visited and other anonymous traffic data
Why do we collect this data?
We use your data for the following purposes:
To provide you our products and services
To personalise the website for you
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry
To send you promotional emails and mailings about Ocean Media Group’s products, services, offers and other things that we think may be relevant to you
To contact you via telephone about Ocean Media Group’s products and services that we think may be relevant to you
To contact you via email or telephone for market research reasons.
To improve or modify our services
For audits, regulatory purposes, and compliance with industry standards
To conduct aggregate analysis and develop business intelligence that enables us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of, our business
How long will you keep your data?
We will retain your data for a period of 24 months following the end of your subscription, visit to one of our events or after you opt out of our mailing lists whichever is longer unless legally obligated to hold it longer.
Who do we share the data with?
When you enter your details through our website your information is provided to some/all of our processors including advertising partners.
We also use and store your data on various third party platforms and we use a number of companies called Processors for this. We have done our best to ensure that your data is protected on these platforms. If you want to find out more please contact us.
Exercising your rights
We never forget that the personal data you give us belongs to you and that is why we operate in a fair and transparent manner. This means that you have the following rights over the data we hold about you:
Right to access all the data we hold about you
Right to object to processing of your data
Right to opt out of marketing
Right to have inaccurate data corrected
Right to erasure of personal data
Right to export of personal data
If you want to exercise any of your rights then please contact dataprotect@oceanmedia.co.uk and we will work with you.
We may share your personal data with a third-party auditing organisation (ABC) so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy by following this link: www.abc.org.uk/privacy-policy
Unless we have a legal obligation that overrules your request we will endeavor to comply with your request within a month of request.
Just so you know, this privacy policy was last updated on July 8, 2019
About usSubscribeContact usDigital editionsEmail alertsForward featuresHow to pitch featuresHow to pitch comment pieces
Privacy statement
Cookie policy
Corporate subscriptions
FAQs
Subscriptions terms and conditions
General terms and conditions
For general enquiries you can contactInside Housing at:3rd Floor, 4 Harbour Exchange Square,Isle of Dogs,London,E14 9GETel: 0207 772 8300
© 2020 Inside HousingAll rights reserved