http://www.ohiomeadville.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Ohio Meadville Blog
Toggle navigation
+12 123 456 234info@ohiomeadville.org
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Latest Posts
Ohio Library
Summer Institute
Tourist Attraction
Contact Us
Home
About Us
Latest Posts
Ohio Library
Summer Institute
Tourist Attraction
Contact Us
Go
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Ohio Meadville Blog ("Ohio Meadville Blog")
operates ohiomeadville.org and may operate other websites. It
is Ohio Meadville Blog policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Ohio Meadville Blog collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Ohio Meadville Blog purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Ohio Meadville Blog visitors use its website. From time to
time, Ohio Meadville Blog may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Ohio Meadville Blog also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on ohiomeadville.org
blogs/sites. Ohio Meadville Blog only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Ohio Meadville Blog websites choose to interact
with Ohio Meadville Blog in ways that require Ohio Meadville Blog to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Ohio Meadville Blog gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at ohiomeadville.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Ohio Meadville Blog are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Ohio Meadville Blog collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Ohio Meadville Blog. Ohio Meadville Blog does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Ohio Meadville Blog may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Ohio Meadville Blog may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Ohio Meadville Blog does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Ohio Meadville Blog discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Ohio Meadville Blog behalf or to provide services available
at Ohio Meadville Blog websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Ohio Meadville Blog websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Ohio Meadville Blog will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Ohio Meadville Blog discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Ohio Meadville Blog believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Ohio Meadville Blog, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Ohio Meadville Blog website and have supplied your email address, Ohio Meadville Blog
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Ohio Meadville Blog and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Ohio Meadville Blog takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Ohio Meadville Blog uses cookies to
help Ohio Meadville Blog identify and track visitors, their usage of Ohio Meadville Blog
website, and their website access preferences. Ohio Meadville Blog visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Ohio Meadville Blog websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Ohio Meadville Blog websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Ohio Meadville Blog, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Ohio Meadville Blog goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Ohio Meadville Blog may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Ohio Meadville Blog and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Ohio Meadville Blog may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Ohio Meadville Blog sole
discretion. Ohio Meadville Blog encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a ohiomeadville.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Go
Recent Posts
10.05.2018 11:55
What You Should Know About Real Estate Financing
10.05.2018 09:25
Do Real Estate Investors Also Invest In Businesses?
07.05.2018 09:33
Reasons Why You Need To Replace Your Air Conditioner If It is Using R22
Around the WebHenderson County October 10, 2020 Charles A. LeachSusannah L. Taylor October 7, 2020 Charles A. LeachHartford Herald - 1881 October 3, 2020 Charles A. LeachPioneer River Navigation Maps September 30, 2020 Charles A. LeachAdvertisement
WELCOME Vacations are meant to get away from daily life chaos, work and spend your leisure time to places you’ll fall in love with. Visit Meadville and discover all the best thing this place could offer and more. This blog will take you to places you need to go and guide you to the best things to enjoy when you’re at Meadville.
Sponsored by Scott Keever SEO.
LINKSHome
About Us
Latest Posts
Ohio Library
Summer Institute
Tourist Attraction
Contact Us
MUST READ
10.05.2018 11:55
What You Should Know About Real Estate Financing
10.05.2018 09:25
Do Real Estate Investors Also Invest In Businesses?
Copyright 2017. Ohio Meadville Blog. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy