http://www.atlantapride.org/privacy/
(404) 382-7588 | info@atlantapride.org
Privacy Policy
The Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. ("Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc.") Privacy Policy may be found below. Your use of any Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. product or service
constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. Privacy Policy.
You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with all of these terms.
Atlanta Pride Privacy Policy
Atlanta Pride has created this privacy policy because we value our members and recognize
their right to keep personal information private. This statement discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for Atlanta Pride websites and mobile applications ("Network").
We believe very strongly that private information should remain private.
Information Collection Methodologies
Cookies
When accessed over the World Wide Web, the Atlanta Pride Network uses cookies to gather broad demographic information about you,
to deliver user-specific
content specific to your interest, and to auto-fill forms with your demographic information so that you
don't have to manually type that information each time you visit. A cookie is a small line of data that is stored on your hard drive.
Some cookies are only stored for the duration of a single browser session; others persist across
sessions. Information you provide to us voluntarily is NOT stored in the cookie; that information is kept
encrypted and secure in our database. All cookies assigned by our Network are anonymous, random number strings; neither us nor our advertisers
will know who you are unless you specifically provide that information to us.
Mobile Device Unique Identifier
When utilizing an Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. mobile application from your mobile device, Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. may receive a unique
identifier for your device and use it to offer extended services and/or functionality. You will always be asked
permission before
Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. is provided this information about your device.
All mobile identifiers received by our Network are anonymous,
random strings; neither us nor our advertisers will know who you are unless you specifically provide that information
to us.
Tracking Technologies
Atlanta Pride uses third party technologies to track activity on our network and mobile applications via Cookies or Mobile Unique
Identifiers. Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. controls the use of this activity; while we use this anonymous information to better understand
our readers and how they utilize our solutions, we do not sell this information or make it available to advertisers outside aggregated reporting.
Third-party Information Collection
Organizations that place advertising on our Network occasionally will utilize Cookies or Mobile Unique Identifiers
in order to deliver advertising that is targeted to you. Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. does not control third-party use of such data.
Information Collected
Polls
At times Atlanta Pride may conduct polls about our Network.
These polls are always optional, and they do not request personally
identifiable information from you.
Advice / Editorial Letters
Our advice columns and editorial letters sections permit you to ask questions and provide
feedback directly to Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. staff and writers through online forms and/or email.
These forms are entirely optional and
can always be submitted anonymously.
Any personal or demographic information submitted through these
forms may be reproduced online as part of a published response.
Member Feedback
Atlanta Pride stores feedback you send to us via digital forms. This feedback is used to administer and refine the
Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. Network and associated services and at times may be shared with Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. partners either in aggregate form
or individually with specific identifying characteristics about the Member (e.g., e-mail address or name) removed.
Sharing Content with Other Users
If you choose to use our invitation service to tell a friend about our Network or specific content on our Network, we will ask you for
information needed to send the invitation, such as your friend's email address. We will automatically
send your friend a one-time email or instant message inviting him or her to visit the site. Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc.
stores this information to send this one-time invitation and to track the success of such programs. Your friend may contact us
at support@atlantapride.org to request that we remove this information from our database.
Contests
From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests on our site.
If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation
in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to
disclose this information.
The requested information typically includes contact information
(such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify you when you win or do not win said contests, and in order to ship
any prizes you might win to you directly.
When notified, your personal information may also be shared with
the sponsors of said contests.
Your entry to any contests is linked to your Registration (see below) and
so the information you provide is subject to the terms described in the following section.
Registration and Your Account
When you register for an account with Atlanta Pride, you may provide us with personal information such as your name,
your email address, your telephone number, your address, your gender and additional
personal or preference information. We collect this information so that we can provide you customized service, so that you
may post content such as comments, classifieds, events and photos, and so that we may offer you
additional personalized features.
You post content on the Network at your own risk. Although we may allow you to limit access
to your private information, such as through the use of a handle or alias, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
We cannot control
the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your identity and information. Therefore, we
cannot and do not guarantee that content you post on Atlanta Pride will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on Atlanta Pride.
You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of your content may remain viewable in
cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your content.
If you wish for your account to be deactivated, please send a request to
support@atlantapride.org.
Communications from Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. Newsletters, Special Offers and Updates
Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. may occasionally send you information on products, services, news, special deals, or promotions via e-mail.
All e-mail communications from Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. are "opt in," which means you must request them in some way via our Network.
Every e-mail communication you receive from Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. includes instructions for "opting out" of any future
communications from our company.
Mobile Notifications
Atlanta Pride may occasionally send you information on products, services, news, special deals, or promotions via
mobile notifications. All mobile notifications from Atlanta Pride are "opt in," which means you must request them in
some way via your device.
All devices provide specific functionality to "opt out" of any future mobile
notifications from our company; consult the instruction manual for your device's operating system for specific
instructions.
Additional Disclosures
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. may also disclose personal and aggregate
information when required by a valid legal mechanism such as a search warrant, subpoena,
or court order, or when we deem it necessary, in our sole discretion, to protect our rights
and the safety of others, or our users, employees, or properties.
Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. reserves the right to share some or all of your personal information with its parent company,
subsidiaries, joint ventures or other companies under common control with Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc.,
in which case Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. will require such entities to honor this privacy policy. If Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc.
is acquired by another company, that company will obtain the member information collected by
Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. and will assume the rights and obligations set forth in this privacy policy regarding
that information.
Off-site Links
Atlanta Pride provides links to other sites. Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or
contents of these other sites.
Syndicated Content
Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. may syndicate its content to and distribute its content through third-party properties.
Although you may see the Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. logo associated with such content, your activity on third-party properties is
governed by the privacy statement on the property you're visiting.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings
with this site, you can contact us via email at support@atlantapride.org.
Change Policy
From time to time we may revise this privacy notice. If we make a material change, we will post an update on
the Atlanta Pride Committee, Inc. Network or notify you by email, at which time you'll be able to "opt out" of these new practices
by contacting us (using the contact information above).
Subscribe to our Newsletter