https://www.baltimoreyogavillage.com/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement explains how Baltimore Yoga Village will collect, use and disclose Personal Information that we obtain through the URL: www.baltimoreyogavillage.com (“Web Site”).“Personal Information” refers to all and any information relating to you (including, but not limited to your name, email address, phone number and patient number) obtained by us via your access to or use of the Web Site.Your access and use of the Web Site (including providing of your Personal Information) constitutes your consent to the processing and transfer of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. 1. Collection and Use1.1 We may collect the following information when you access the Web Site:(a) Anonymous web statistics collected as you browse the website (b) Personal Information you knowingly provide us when you (i) sign up to receive our newsletter, (ii) sign up to a yoga class or otherwise contact us or request information from us.1.2 We may use your Personal Information to:(a) monitor use of, customize and optimize our content and advertising; (b) provide services and customer support you request; (c) measure and improve our services; 2. Cookies and Passive Tracking 2.1 www.baltimoreyogavillage.com uses Google Analytics to collect visitor data and analyse traffic on our site. This information helps us understand customer interests and helps us improve our website.2.2 A “cookie” is an element of data that can be sent to your browser. Your browser may then store it on your system based on the preferences you have set on your browser. Cookies gather information about your operating system including, but not limited to, browser type, and Internet Protocol address.2.3 The Website does not use cookies to obtain information that would allow it to identify you.2.4 You have the option to configure your internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Further, you have the option to block all cookies. 3. Access, Correction and Withdrawal of Consent3.1 We provide individuals with access to their Personal Information where we believe appropriate, including in situations where you are entitled to access and review your Personal Information under applicable data protection and privacy laws. If you wish to access, update or withdraw consent for the use of the Personal Information that you have submitted through the Web Site, or to make any inquiries about the processing of such information, please contact us as described in Section 8. 4. Security and Safeguards4.1 We will use commercially reasonable endeavours to place appropriate security safeguards to protect your Personal Information against unauthorized access or accidental loss.4.2 Our employees are aware of the importance of maintaining confidentiality of the Personal Information collected.4.3 We recommend you take every precaution in protecting your Personal Information when you are on the Internet. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we are unable to give an absolute assurance for the security of the information you transmit over the Internet. 5. Disclosure and Retention5.1 We will not share or disclose your personal information to other third parties without your permission unless.(a) required to do so in compliance with any law, regulation, subpoena or court order; (b) upon the request of a government, regulatory or law enforcement agency; (c) for the investigation and help to prevent security threats, fraud or other malicious activity; 5.2 We do not keep personal information for longer than is necessary for those purposes for which they are collected. 6. Protection of Minors6.1 If you are under the age of 18 years, please do not submit any Personal Information without the consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian. 7. Third Party Web Sites7.1 The Web Site may contain links to other web sites hosted by third parties whose privacy practices may differ from us. We do not endorse or make any representations about these third party websites and will not be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites, even if they appear as part of the Web Site. The Personal Information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Statement. If you link to or otherwise visit any these third party websites, please review their respective privacy policies.7.2 We expressly disclaim to the maximum extent permissible at law any liability for the security or privacy practices included on or operated by the operators of third party websites. 8. Contact Information8.1 If you need assistance accessing or updating your Personal Information we have collected or if you have any questions relating to this Privacy Statement, please write to our Studio Manager at the following email address: byvmanager@gmail.com 9. General9.1 This Privacy Statement provides a general statement on the ways in which we aim to protect and use your Personal Information. You may however, in connection with any specific products or services offered by us be provided with privacy policies or statements that supplement this Privacy Statement.