http://www.fcnl.org/updates/internet-privacy-policy-206
Internet Privacy Policy • Friends Committee on National Legislation
Close
Annual Meeting 2020: Register by Oct. 16
Be a part of Quaker advocacy that calls us to come together in fierce love as we work towards peace and justice. Join us online Nov. 14-17.
Register
Register by Oct. 16 to receive your program and FCNL face mask in the mail!
Skip to navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Menu
Search
About
Our Work
What We Do ›
Who We Are ›
Our Impact ›
Young Adult Programs ›
Young Adult Alumni ›
75th Anniversary
›
Updates
& Resources
Action
& Events
Act Online ›
Quaker Meetings ›
Advocacy Tools & Programs ›
Quaker Welcome Center ›
Events ›
Donate ›
Donate
Search
Search
Search
Search
Home
Updates & Resources
About
Internet Privacy Policy
Share
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Email this Page
Print
Print this Page
fcnl.org is the website for the Friends Committee on National Legislation, a Quaker lobby in the public interest. This privacy policy reflects FCNL's strong commitment to protecting your online privacy and any information you chose to share with us when you visit the website.
Last Reviewed: April 30, 2018
Our privacy policy explains:
A. How we use information you provide
B. How we protect information you provide
C. How we analyze web traffic on fcnl.org
D. How to unsubscribe, opt out, or correct your information
E. How we notify you about privacy policy changes
F. How to contact us
A. How we use information you provide
It is possible to visit the fcnl.org website without leaving any personally identifiable information behind. Information that you may choose to give us includes your name, address, email address, phone number, credit card information, and other information about your interests and preferences. We may obtain information from outside sources and add it to or combine it with the information we collect through this site. We use this information to operate this site and send you news and information about FCNL and the issues that we work on. We will not sell this information to any third party, under any circumstances. We work closely with allied and like-minded organizations and may disclose selected user information to other organizations for their use in related activities and other purposes. We may also share some of your personal information with the following affiliated groups:
The FCNL Education Fund
Affiliated organizations that FCNL coordinates with on legislative actions
Service Providers -- for example, our database administrators and credit card transaction processor – for the sole purpose of helping us do our work. We may share your personal data with these service providers. These groups do not share your personal information or use it for any purpose other than as instructed by us.
In addition, with your explicit permission, we pass along certain of your information to the following groups (as is standard practice):
The president, members of Congress, news publications and other sources when you choose to use our email tool to send a message;
With the president, legislators, news publications, and the general public when you sign petitions or complete surveys.
Sharing of Information between FCNL and the FCNL Education Fund
FCNL is a 501(c)(4) organization and focuses primarily on nonpartisan education and advocacy on national issues such as social and economic justice, peace, and good government. The FCNL Education Fund is a 501(c)(3) organization that supports research, analysis and education. FCNL and the FCNL Education Fund are separate organizations. Both organizations are committed to supporting the democratic system in the United Sates and promoting greater citizen involvement in the political process. When you provide your personal information to FCNL through the fcnl.org website, we share it with the FCNL Education Fund.
Contacting Legislators through fcnl.org
Our goal is to enable you to send individual messages to members of Congress, the president, the media, and others through the fcnl.org website. These messages are sent in your name, and include your full name and contact information as part of the submission. Your legislators and media outlets require this information to be included. These messages will only be sent out under your name as you approve them on an individual basis using our action center tool. You are solely responsible for the specific message(s) you send using this tool.
Petitions and Surveys
For petitions and surveys you've signed or completed through the fcnl.org website, we treat your name, city, state, and comments as public information, and we may provide compilations of petitions, with your comments, to people such as elected officials or the press. We will not intentionally make your street address publicly available, but we may transmit it to the intended recipient as part of the petition. This is a standard industry practice in such situations. In no such case will we intentionally disclose your email address or phone number, without your permission. We may also make your comments, along with your first name, city and state available to the public online.
Online Contributions
To make an online contribution, we ask for your credit card number and expiration date in addition to your name, address, and email address. We do not store your credit card number or any other information about your credit card.
Email Articles/Tell a Friend
The fcnl.org website enables you to email articles and information to people you know who might be interested in the work of FCNL. We do not store the email addresses or any other information about the people you contact and will not contact them as a result of your email to them. The fcnl.org website does let you identify friends who will then receive information from FCNL. We will clearly indicate when FCNL intends to send information to the names you provide.
Children's Info
We believe every precaution must be taken to protect children online. In accordance with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we do not knowingly ask children for any information, nor do we knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children.
B. How we protect information you provide
fcnl.org uses industry standard security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. User information (although not credit card information) may remain in our database indefinitely. Permission to access your information is granted only to you and persons who need to know that information to provide services to you. Although we make good faith efforts to store information collected by fcnl.org in a secure operating environment, we cannot guarantee complete security.
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy covers the fcnl.org website and any microsites managed and developed by FCNL, which may link to third-party websites. Should you choose to visit those websites, please remember that we are not responsible for their content or privacy policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies and review the practices of all websites you visit.
Other Disclosure of Your Information
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when we have a good-faith belief release is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena), to protect our rights or property, or to protect our donors and supporters from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful conduct, or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
C. How we analyze web traffic on fcnl.orgCookies
fcnl.org uses cookies to provide a more user-friendly service to you. The cookie — a tiny text file — does not store passwords, credit card numbers or any type of personally identifiable information whatsoever. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your email address or any other personally identifiable information.
Server Log Files and Other Analysis Tools
fcnl.org logs standard technical information, such as your IP address and the kind of browser you use. We log this information for troubleshooting purposes and to track which pages people visit in order to improve the site. We do not use log files to track a particular individual's use of fcnl.org. We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand traffic patterns and know if there are problems with the site.
D. How to unsubscribe, opt out, or correct your information
If you want to unsubscribe from mailing lists or opt out, review, update, or correct your information, you can do so at any time by contacting us through the following methods:
Online: Let us know the type of email you want to unsubscribe from or the changes you want to make to your subscriptions or other information.
By postal mail: Send a letter with your full name and email address to:
Friends Committee on National Legislation
245 2nd St. NE
Washington, DC 20002
By telephone: Call 202-547-6000 (toll-free 800-630-1330) between the hours of 9 am and 5:30 pm Eastern time, Monday through Friday.
E. How we notify you about privacy policy changes
We may revise and update this privacy policy if we change our practices, add new site features, or change existing site features. If we make substantive changes, we will post a announcement on our website home page and post the changes on this page. Your use of the fcnl.org website and any microsites managed and developed by FCNL following such changes constitutes your agreement with regard to information collected from you. We encourage you to visit this page periodically to review our current policy and to contact FCNL staff if you have questions.
F. How to contact us
Questions regarding this privacy policy should be sent using this online form or sent via postal mail to:
Friends Committee on National Legislation
245 2nd St. NE
Washington, DC 20002
For general questions or comments, please complete our online contact form or call 202-547-6000 (toll-free 800-630-1330) between the hours of 9 am and 5:30 pm Eastern time, Monday through Friday.
Attend an Event
FCNL events happen over the country.
Find Events
Make a Donation
Our work for peace and justice depends on you.
Donate Now
Stay Connected
Get weekly action alerts from FCNL.
Subscribe to email newsletter
Not ?
Click here.
Enter your email address
Keep me updated with emails about this and other campaigns
Subscribe
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Follow Us
Stay connected with our work on social media.
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe on YouTube
Follow us on Instagram
FCNL's multi-issue advocacy connects Quaker testimonies with legislation in the U.S. Congress and the administration.
FCNL has moved to telework!
The FCNL offices are temporarily closed due to the coronavirus pandemic. We are lobbying online and by phone for the world we seek. Your engagement with Congress at this time is essential! Join us and become a monthly donor.
My Account
Contact Us
Press Room
Internet Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Work with FCNL
245 Second St, NE, Washington, DC 20002
202-547-6000
800-630-1330 (Toll Free)
© 2020