https://www.dol.gov/general/privacynotice
Skip to main content
AGENCIESBack
Agencies
Office of the Secretary (OSEC)
Administrative Review Board (ARB)
Benefits Review Board (BRB)
Bureau of International Labor Affairs (ILAB)
Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS)
Centers for Faith and Opportunity Initiatives (CFOI)
Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA)
Employees' Compensation Appeals Board (ECAB)
Employment and Training Administration (ETA)
Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA)
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)
Office of Administrative Law Judges (OALJ)
Office of Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs (OCIA)
Office of Disability Employment Policy (ODEP)
Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP)
Office of Inspector General (OIG)
Office of Labor-Management Standards (OLMS)
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management (OASAM)
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Policy (OASP)
Office of the Chief Financial Officer (OCFO)
Office of the Solicitor (SOL)
Office of Workers' Compensation Programs (OWCP)
Ombudsman for the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program (EEOMBD)
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC)
Veterans' Employment and Training Service (VETS)
Wage and Hour Division (WHD)
Women's Bureau (WB)
FORMS
FAQ
ABOUT USBack
About Us
Agencies and Programs
Meet the Secretary of Labor
Leadership Team
Budget, Performance and Planning
Calendar
History
Privacy Program
Recursos en Español
NEWSBack
News
Newsroom
News Releases
Blog
Economic Data from the Department of Labor
Media Contacts
Email Newsletter
CONTACT US
Search
Search
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy and Security Statement
Thank you for visiting the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL or Department) website and reviewing our privacy and security statement. DOL is committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information and the security of our computer systems. With respect to the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information (PII), DOL makes every effort to ensure compliance with applicable federal law, including, but not limited to, the Privacy Act of 1974, the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, and the Freedom of Information Act.
As a general rule, the Department does not collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information. The information we collect varies based on what you do when visiting our site.
If you respond to an online request for personal information
The information requested by the Department will be used to respond to your inquiry or to provide you with the service associated with the request. When this information is requested, a customized "Privacy Notice" will describe fully the reasons for collecting it and will provide a description of the Department's intended use of the information. This Privacy Notice will appear in one of two places. It will either be on the webpage where the information is collected or it will be accessible through a link prominently displayed immediately preceding the information request.
If you visit our site to read or download information, we collect and store the following information
The name of the domain from which you access the internet (for example, dol.gov, if you are connecting from the Department of Labor's computer account).
The date and time you access our site.
The internet address of the website from which you directly linked to our site.
This information is used by software programs on our website to collect summary statistics that allow us to assess the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, identify what information is of most and least interest, determine technical design specifications, monitor system performance, and help us make our site more useful to visitors.
If you identify yourself by sending an email containing personal information
You may send us personally identifiable information in an electronic mail message – for example you may send us your mailing address when requesting that information be mailed to you. This information is used solely for responding to your requests for information or records. We may forward your e-mail to other government employees who are better able to fulfill your requests. Should you wish to file a request under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), instructions are provided at http://www.dol.gov/general/foia.
If you link to other sites outside DOL
Our website has many links to other sites. When you link to any of these sites, you are no longer on our site and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Social Media and Third Party Sites
In addition to the Department's official websites, the Department uses social media and third party sites to provide DOL content in a different format that may be useful or interesting to you. When we use these sites, the information we provide is consistent with the intended purpose of the DOL website. No PII may be requested from or collected by DOL on social media sites. The privacy protection provided on social media and third party sites that are not a part of DOL websites may not be the same as the privacy protection given by the DOL and described here.
Cookie Use Notice
Cookies are small files that web servers place on a user's hard drive. They can serve several functions, depending upon how they are designed:
They allow the website to identify you as a previous visitor each time you access a site;
They track what information you view at a site (important to commercial sites trying to determine your buying preferences);
In the more advanced cases they track your movements through many websites but not the whole web;
Businesses use them for customer convenience to allow them to produce a list of items to buy and pay for them all at one time and to garner information about what individuals are buying at their sites;
Advertisers use them to determine the effectiveness of their marketing and offer insights into consumer preferences and tastes by collecting data from many websites; and
They can be used to help a website tailor screens for each customer's preference.
Some DOL pages have "session cookies," to facilitate use of that particular page. These disappear when the web user terminates a web session and closes the browser. DOL also permits the use of persistent cookies for the collection of web metrics; however, DOL does not collect any personally identifiable information about visitors to our webpages. Please see our DOL Persistent Cookie Notice that details the types of information collected and how to opt-out by changing the cookie settings in your browsers.
If you are concerned about the potential use of the information gathered from your computer by cookies, you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie. Most internet browsers have settings that let you identify and/or reject cookies.
For security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, our Web site also employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and The National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
This statement is about your privacy when using this website. For information about the Department’s privacy program and our Senior Agency Official for Privacy (SAOP), visit our Department of Labor Privacy Program page.
(Last Reviewed: 1/17/2020)