http://www.shareafrica.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement for ShareAfrica UK
Who we are
This website is owned and managed by ShareAfrica, a Christian charity focused on improving the livelihoods of impoverished families in Zambia. It is a charity registered in England and Wales with a Charity Number of 1094198. Postal address is PO Box 401, Harrogate, HG2 9WZ.
This website
The two websites www.shareafrica.com and shareafricazambia.com both provide information on the work of ShareAfrica and give visitors to option of cotributing as a donor or sponsor.
We do not collect any personal information from visitors simply viewing the sites. Some anonymous information is collected to provide performance data. Details are given in our Cookies Policy.
If you contact us through our websites we will retain sufficient information to be able to reply to you. This information will not be used for any other purpose.
We also give you the option to register to receive regular information about our work. This information will only be held for that purpose. You can revoke your permission at any time.
Sponsors and Donors
If you choose to become a Sponsor or a Donor, we will need to hold some personal information to be able to process your request. This will be held on the basis of the contract between us. This can be revoked by you at any time. We may need to keep details of existing and past contracts to meet our legal obligations which may include passing on certain data (e.g. to HMRC for Gift Aid purposes).
We also give you the option to consent to receiving information and updates concerning your gifts. You can revoke that consent at any time.
Our guarantees
ShareAfrica takes the privacy of your data very seriously. Our systems have been designed to keep your data safe. Any data transferred between your browser and our website will be encrypted. We do not share your data with any other parties except when legally required to do so. We will not use your data to send you messages that are not related to the work of ShareAfrica. We will not profile individual data.
We do not request or hold any payment details on our website. Any payment details will be handled by our fully PCI DSS compliant partners.
Your Rights
You may obtain details of the information we hold about you, or make amendments to that information by:-
a) Logging into your account at Shareafrica.com
b) sending an email to admin@shareafrica.com
c) Writing to ShareAfrica, PO Box 401, Harrogate, HG2 9WZ
You can request your information to be removed from our systems subject to us being able to meet our legal obligations. You can change your preference for the information you receive at any time. Details are given on the website and on every email you will receive from us.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy