http://www.itislaw.com/privacy.asp
Privacy Statement:
National Law Library, Inc. ("NLL") is dedicated to protecting the privacy of its users, and we have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of personally identifiable information. The following statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the NLL web site, www.itislaw.com.
To run our service effectively and save users time and money, we collect a number of different types of information. For example, we use users' IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. We also use our customers' IP addresses to help ensure the security of their subscriptions.
Our site uses cookies to enable users to log in more easily when using our service often.
Our registration form and order forms ask users for contact information (such as name, address, phone number and e-mail address) and financial information (such as account or credit card numbers). We use customer contact information from these forms to send users our regular newsletter and to contact them when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time by replying to the newsletter itself or clicking "unsubscribe" on our newsletter page. We reserve the right to share subscriber contact information only on a limited basis to deliver to subscribers information about significantly attractive opportunities that could assist their law practices. We use financial information to bill users for products and services, and we ask users for unique identifiers both to verify their identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. Customer financial information will not be shared with any third party other than as may be required by state or federal law.
This site contains links to other sites that are sister companies of NLL that have privacy policies similar to ours.
Security
The security of any information you provide is important to us. This site employs strict security measures to protect the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, or alteration of the information under our control.
Contacting NLL
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:
National Law Library, Inc.
Attn: Michael Hluchanek
4301 Windfern Road, Suite 200
Houston, Texas 77041-8915
michael.hluchanek@itislaw.com
HOME   |   SEARCH   |   COLLECTIONS   |   PRICING   |   SIGN UP   |   SUPPORT   |   ABOUT   |   LOGOUT
© 2020, National Law Library, a subsidiary of JuriSearch.Com LLC.
All rights reserved.
For technical support contact itislaw@myjurisearch.com. For Editorial support contact itislaw@myjurisearch.com.
View our Privacy Statement.