https://www.parishpump.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
This document now combines our Terms of Use with our Privacy Policy, click here to jump to the Privacy Policy section.
Terms and Conditions
Last updated 18th November 2019
Introduction
Parish Pump Ltd. exists to provide graphics and editorial for use in church magazines, news-sheets and websites. Our material is not to be used anywhere else without our permission, and our graphics and editorial are not to be passed on to be used by a third party in any way whatsoever.
1.  Acceptance of Terms
These are the terms and conditions (Terms) which govern your use of the parishpump.co.uk website. These Terms apply regardless of whatever user device you are using, including desktop, laptop or mobile web browser, digital television, mobile phones, and any other technology whether now known or developed in the future. You will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms when you use, access or browse the Site, and register your details with us. For the purposes of these Terms: ‘Content’ includes all or part of any text, graphics, or images published on the Site.
2.  Description of our Service
Parish Pump Ltd provides Subscribers (people who open an account with us) with a monthly supply of editorial and graphics to be used in church magazines, church news-sheets and church websites. These publications must be non-profit and non-commercial and aimed at a local church or community.
3.  Registering with Parish Pump Ltd.
Parish Pump Ltd operates on a subscription basis. In order to use our material, you need to open an account with us and become a Subscriber.
This account needs to include: your name, contact email, the name of your church and its area (i.e. town or village or parish name), its post code and denomination.
When you open an account with us, you must agree that we may contact you by email in order to alert you about anything relating to your subscription with us.
Payments
Payment can be made by Stripe, Paypal Express, Cheque, or Bank transfer.
Payments made by cheque or bank transfer are processed manually by our employees. Parish Pump keeps a record of the amount you paid, the date and the reference information associated with the payment when you pay by cheque or bank transfer.
Payments made by Paypal are handled by PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l.et Cie, S.C.A. (R.C.S. Luxembourg B 118 349) (“PayPal”). Parish Pump stores the payment amount, the date and a transaction ID when you pay using Paypal. PayPal may store other information about your transaction – please review their policies:
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Payments made by Stripe are handled by Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd (“Stripe”). Parish Pump stores the payment amount, date, a transaction id, the last four digits of the card number, and the expiration date entered. Stripe may store additional information about your transaction – please review their policies:
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
Sharing account details
When you open an account with us, you need to choose a password.  You are permitted to share your login details with anyone in your church who is also working on your church publication.  You are not permitted to share your login details with anyone who is not working on your church publication.  You are fully responsible for any activity which takes place on your account.
You also agree to notify Parish Pump Ltd if there is any unauthorised use of your password or account. Parish Pump Ltd cannot be held liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this.
Finally, when you open an account with Parish Pump Ltd, you undertake to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and your church.
If Parish Pump Ltd should find it has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate or not current and complete, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account.
4.  Duration of service
An annual subscription to Parish Pump provides you with access to 12 consecutive issues of Parish Pump. Each issue is published at the beginning of a calendar month, therefore your subscription will expire at the end of the preceding month, in the next year. For example, a subscription that is started on 20th September 2021 will expire at the end of 31st August 2022, which means you have access to 12 issues (Sep, Oct, Nov, Dec 2021, Jan, Feb, Mar, Apr, May, Jun, Jul, Aug 2022).
Due to the nature of the Parish Pump subscription, Parish Pump Ltd cannot guarantee that its services, delivered on the internet, will be always uninterrupted. Possible problems could arise if there was significant on-going staff illness, or problems with internet access for our staff or customers.
5.  Our payment terms
You join Parish Pump Ltd by taking out an annual subscription. Once you have bought a subscription, any and all of the material produced by Parish Pump Ltd throughout the period of your subscription is available to you at no extra cost.
When you create an order for a subscription, payment is due immediately. Your account expiry date will be updated on the creation of your subscription order. However, your account will not be activated until payment has been received – in the case of a delay between the creation of an order and the receipt of payment (for example, when choosing to pay by cheque, or in the case of a dispute about a card payment) then your order will be marked as ‘pending’ and your account may not be allowed to access the resources until payment has been confirmed.
We accept payments made by cheque, bank transfer, PayPal, and Stripe.
6.  Correspondence Address and Registered Office
Editor:  Anne Coomes
Correspondence Address: Parish Pump Ltd PO Box 236 Macclesfield SK10 4GJ
Registered in England and Wales company no. 3687840
Registered office: Parish Pump Ltd c/o Beever & Struthers, St George’s House, 215-219 Chester Road, Manchester M15 4JE
Privacy Policy
Updated 18th November 2019 to include the Stripe Payment Gateway.
Updated 5th Feb 2019 to include references to optional Parish Pump Newsletter via Mailchimp.
1. Introduction
Parish Pump Ltd takes your privacy very seriously. The information you provide to us through our website will be held under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which was adopted by the EU in April 2016 and came into force on 25th May 2018. We know that your privacy is very important to you. We recognise the importance of protecting the information which you give to us when you join our website. Parish Pump Ltd will only use personal data in connection with its purpose in providing editorial and graphic resources to its subscribers. It does not make personal data available to any other organisation or individual. So, we will never pass on your details to any third party, unless required to by law. We will always notify you if this is the case.
2. How do we collect data on you?
We collect information from two key sources:
Information you give us directly: such as when you take out a free trial with Parish Pump, become a registered subscriber, or request extra resources etc.Information from your use of our website: we collect non-personal data such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, details of pages visited, and files downloaded. Website usage information is collected using cookies (see Section 16 below).
Parish Pump Ltd does not capture and store any personal information about individuals who access this website, except where you choose to give us any of your personal information, or where such information is necessary to deliver the website content (e.g. your IP address is necessary to send the web page back when you access the website). These include you accepting cookies from our website, taking out a free trial with Parish Pump Ltd, going on to become a registered subscriber of Parish Pump Ltd, requesting extra resources such as our published booklets, or by sending us an email or payment via Paypal, bank transfer or cheque.
3. What data do we hold on you?
Parish Pump Ltd requires some data in order to provide a subscription service to its members on the website. This data is as follows:
your nameyour password (encrypted)your email addressyour church’s nameyour church’s postcodeyour church’s parish (or area)your church’s diocese (or region) (optional)your church’s denominationyour church’s country (optional)a contact phone number (optional)
If you order a copy of our booklet, we will need you to provide a street address to which we can post it. This could be your home address or your church address.
When processing your subscription payments, we will also store some additional information, depending on the payment method chosen.
Payment by Stripe
If you pay by Stripe using a credit or debit card, we will keep a record of details required to process the transaction. When paying by Stripe, you will enter payment information on the Parish Pump website – this information is sent securely to Stripe in order to process the payment, but Parish Pump only stores some of this information. For a Stripe payment, in addition to your account details, Parish Pump stores:
payment amount payment datea transaction idthe last four digits of the card number the expiration date of the card
Payments made by Stripe are handled by Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd (“Stripe”). Stripe may store additional information about your transaction – please review their policies:
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
Payment by Paypal
If you pay by Paypal, we will keep a record of the details required by Paypal in order to complete a transaction. When paying by PayPal, you may enter payment information on the Paypal website – this information is not stored by Parish Pump. For a Paypal payment, in addition to your account details, Parish Pump stores:
payment amountpayment datea transaction ID
Payments made by Paypal are handled by PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l.et Cie, S.C.A. (R.C.S. Luxembourg B 118 349) (“PayPal”).
PayPal may store other information about your transaction – please review their policies:
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Payment by Cheque or Bank Transfer
If you pay by bank transfer, we will have whatever information you provided to our bank in order for us to connect your payment with your account.
If you pay by cheque, we will store whatever name and address details which you post to us alongside your cheque.
For a cheque or bank transfer payment, in addition to your account details, Parish Pump stores
payment amountpayment date reference information to connect your cheque or bank transfer payment to your account
4. What is our basis for holding data on you?
The various lawful bases for processing data are set out in Article 6 of the GDPR. We have reviewed the purposes of our processing activities and selected the most appropriate lawful basis with regard to Parish Pump Ltd. We hold your data under the lawful basis of contract. This is because subscribers to Parish Pump join by taking out and paying for an annual subscription to Parish Pump Ltd. A paid subscription is a contract between subscribers and Parish Pump Ltd.
If you opt-in to the Parish Pump Newsletter, then we will keep your name and email on the Parish Pump Newsletter list, under the lawful basis of consent. You may remove this consent at any time, and can thereby be removed from the Newsletter List, without affecting your Parish Pump subscription.
5. What is it used for?
We keep information that is necessary in order for us to:
confirm whether a subscriber has paid for their subscription, maintain an accurate record of all our subscribers,provide our subscribers with access to our website,inform a subscriber when their account has any problem with it, or that it is about to expire, or that it has expired,to enhance or improve a subscriber’s experience on our website
If you opt-in to the Parish Pump Newsletter (optional), we may use your name and email to send you news and information of interest to subscribers.
6. Where is the data held?
When you take out a subscription to Parish Pump Ltd, your data is stored on our database. The database is stored on a web server which is secured to restrict unauthorised access to the data. Software updates are monitored and applied to ensure that the latest secure versions are used. Backups of the website database are taken and stored on a separate system. When you email us, your email will be kept secure by the Parish Pump staff who have appropriate security measures on their devices. When you write to us, your letter is kept in the Parish Pump office, which is locked when not in use.
If you opt-in to the Parish Pump newsletter, then your name and email address will also be stored in our Mailchimp account, on the Mailchimp servers, until you opt-out of the newsletter (or your Parish Pump subscription expires).
Mailchimp’s servers are located in the United States. Because Mailchimp certifies to the Privacy Shield framework, they can lawfully receive EU data.
Full details are available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/
7. Who can access data that we store?
Only the following people have access to personal data kept digitally:
employees of Parish Pump LtdIT sub-contractor staffwebsite hosting managers
Data stored in the Parish Pump office is accessible only to Parish Pump staff.
In addition, if you opt-in to the Parish Pump Newsletter, then Mailchimp administrators may have access to your name and email address under their terms and conditions, and privacy policy:https://mailchimp.com/legal/terms/https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
8. What security controls are in place?
The web server: This is protected by authentication and firewall and is not accessible remotely other than via multi-layer password authenticated mechanisms. A daily backup of the database is taken which is stored on server and also backed-up through a daily backup process that stores a full system backup on an encrypted off-server system.
The Parish Pump website: As soon as a data security breach has been detected or is suspected, we will liaise with relevant suppliers (e.g. IT support or managed hosting company) who will determine the nature and extent of the breach and take immediate steps to stop the breach. If individual’s data has been compromised, we will take appropriate steps to notify them where necessary and report any relevant breaches to the ICO.
The Parish Pump office is accessible only to PP staff. It is kept securely locked at all other times.
Parish Pump Ltd does not process credit or debit cards directly. These payments are handled by the PayPal or Stripe payment gateways. Parish Pump may store limited payment information in order to identify your transaction (i.e. the last four digits of the card number, or the card expiration date) but this information is not enough to enable a fraudulent payment to be made if this data was exposed.
Mailchimp: opting-in to the Parish Pump newsletter means that we store your name and email in our Mailchimp account. This is securely protected. Details of Mailchimp’s security procedures can be found here: https://mailchimp.com/about/security/
9. How long is your data kept for?
How long we keep your information collected through our website depends on the context in which you provided it. As a general rule we will keep the time to the minimum necessary for the purpose.
Free Trial Subscribers: A free trial lasts for one month, and then expires. If it is not upgraded into a full membership, we will delete the data provided for the free trial six months after its expiry. The delay is because many churches join for the Free Trial, let the account lapse for several months, and then return to take out a full Subscription.
Full Subscribers: A full membership lasts for one year, and then expires. If it is not renewed, we will delete the data provided for the full membership six months after its expiry. The delay is in order to give churches, whose editors have left, time to find a new editor and for that editor to take over the Parish Pump subscription for that church. We will keep records of any financial transactions you enter into with us for no less than six years. This will enable us to meet with accounting requirements and respond to any questions from you that arise during that period. Records of subscription orders will be kept for the lifetime of the Parish Pump website. The subscription order does not include any identifying information aside from the User’s ID (which is replaced by ‘Deleted’ when the user is removed from the database), and information that identifies the payment method and transaction.
Emails sent to us – these are kept for up to two years, and then deleted.
Postal correspondence – this is kept for 13 months and then shredded.
10. How is your data destroyed?
By electronic erasure on the database and emails, and shredding of written documents.
11. Who sees your data?
The information we collect through our website is used exclusively within Parish Pump Ltd for the purposes of your subscription. We do not pass any of your personal information on to any outside organisation and/or individuals for their own purposes.
We do share information with organisations who provide a service to us (for example, Paypal, which processes payments on our behalf).
We do share data if we are under a legal obligation to do so or in order to enforce or apply our rights.
Only Parish Pump staff and Parish Pump’s contracted IT support and website management staff will see your data. It is a condition for anyone who works with Parish Pump Ltd that they shall not divulge or copy any confidential information concerning the business of Parish Pump Ltd, its suppliers, clients, and customers. To minimise the risk of unauthorised disclosure of your information, we will use some of your information to verify who you are when you contact us.
12. Your right to view the information we hold about you
You may see all the electronically stored information that Parish Pump Ltd holds about you at any time, simply by logging into your account. This is a free service. You may amend this information at any time, by updating your details on your account. If you wish to have a copy of all information that Parish Pump holds about you including emails and any paperwork (i.e. letters that you have sent to the Parish Pump office) then you must request this in writing. We will provide this within one month. This is a free service.
13. Your right to ask us to ‘forget’ you
You may ask us at any time to delete all your details (and thus terminate your subscription to Parish Pump Ltd). We will do this as soon as possible, usually on the same day, or, if the office is closed for any reason, within a week. This is a free service. If you have any questions, please contact us enquiries@parishpump.co.uk
14. How do we keep our data on you up to date?
It is your responsibility to make sure that the data we hold for you on your account is up to date and correct. Parish Pump Ltd cannot be responsible for what data you choose to provide to us. We do provide you with regular reminders to review and update your account with us, usually when renewing your subscription.
15. Your right of data portability
GDPR states that business must have processes in place to allow individuals to move, copy or transfer their personal data from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability. You may access the data that you have given us by logging in to your account on our website from any digital device that is connected to the internet.
16. Links to other sites
This website includes links to other sites. Parish Pump Ltd cannot be held responsible for their GDPR compliance or privacy policies or the way in which they handle personal information. Please review the privacy policies of our payment gateways Stripe and Paypal, and our newletter partner Mailchimp.
Stripe:
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
PayPal: https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Mailchimp: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
17. Cookies on Parish Pump
This website is owned and operated by Parish Pump Ltd. When someone visits parishpump.co.uk (or any alias that redirects to this address) we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not personally identify anyone. The first time you visit the Parish Pump website, you will be asked to accept these cookies. If you do not wish to accept these cookies, then most modern web browsers allow some control of cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Useful Pages
Home
How it Works
About Us
Free Booklet
Contact
Testimonials
Help!
Terms, Conditions of Use, and Privacy Policy
Resources
This site uses cookies:
Find out more in our Privacy Policy.Okay, thank you