https://www.eneclann.ie/cookie-policy/
Skip to the content
HomeServicesArchives & Records ManagementArchivesRecords ManagmentDigitisationHeritage ServicesGenealogyEducation & EventsIFHCProbateAbout UsWho we areCompany HistoryMeet the TeamServicesCompany Partners
Contact Us
Search for:
Close search
Cookie Policy.We take your privacy very seriously and we want you to enjoy your experience of using our website. Our cookie policy aims to provide you with knowledge about what information is gathered when you use our website.WHAT ARE COOKIES?Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device by websites that you visit. They are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Please refer to our cookie policy for further information.  Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. You may limit site operation or functions if you limit cookies.  HOW WE USE COOKIESWe make use of cookies to help manage the site and your visitor experience. These cookies may be used to collect analytics of ‘non-personal’ visitor activity outlines, manage personal preferences and provide relevant or timely information to you. Cookies are set by our analytics provider, Google Analytics. This keeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the site, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred. You can opt out of these by visiting Google’s opt out page. TYPES OF COOKIESAnalytical cookies – We use analytical cookies and similar analytical tools to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our service and to help us improve the structure of our website. The data collected is not personal data, and we cannot identify you from it. These cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements on the website; to determine how frequently particular pages and advertisements are visited; to determine the most popular areas of the website; and generally, to monitor usage of the website. We will also use aggregate non-personal data to track the success of any advertising campaigns on our website; to improve the effectiveness and suitability of advertising in communications sent by us or to provide to third parties non-personal, demographic data provided by you to target advertising more appropriately. We do not provide our advertising partners with information that identifies you as an individual.Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.Session cookies – these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.First Party – these cookies are set by us to give you the best user experience and to make sure our website is performing as it should.Third party cookies –  these cookies are set by our third-party providers such as Google. We use Google Analytics to see how many people visit our site and how they use it, allowing us to make any necessary changes so that you have the best experience possible. MANAGING COOKIESYou can manage or block the cookies set by www.eneclann.ie, or indeed any other website should you want to do so. You can do this through your browser settings using the Help function within your browser. Even if you have consented to cookies you can withdraw your initial consent in the same way at any time. Otherwise you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org for comprehensive information on how to manage or block cookies on a variety of browsers. If you want to manage or block cookies on the browser of your mobile phone you may need to refer to the manual of your handset. Please be aware that restricting or blocking cookies will impact on the functionality of our website and it will not work properly.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.