http://www.stfrancisdesales.org.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Church Info
Overview
Services
Contact Us
Sacraments
Overview
Baptism
Reconciliation
First Holy Communion
Confirmation
Marriage
Sacrament of the Sick
Parish Team
History
Community
Overview
Liturgy
Overview
Altar Servers
Eucharistic Ministers
Ministry of the Word
Children
Overview
Music
Overview
Youth
Overview
Social
Overview
Social Committee
Other
Overview
Flower Arranging
Ministry of Welcome
Church Cleaning Team
Justice & Peace Group
Newsletter
Latest Newsletter
Newsletter Archive
Events
News
Request an account
Log in
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
This privacy policy sets out how St Francis de Sales uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. St Francis de Sales Catholic Church is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. St Francis de Sales Catholic Church may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 16/09/18.
What we collect
Your email address is currently the only personal information we collect when you sign up to this website or subscribe to our newsletter.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to:
Send you newsletters that you are signed up to.
Allow you to reset your password.
Contact you personally about any content you post on the website under certain circumstances.
On the rare occasion, contact you regarding significant updates to the website.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable security measures to protect your data.
Content Published on this Website
This website allows users to publish content on the site about the various groups and activities within St Francis de Sales Catholic Church. Should any of your personal information be posted in this way which you do not want on the website, please contact us immediately to have it removed. Copyright for any content added to the site remains with the original copyright holder, who, by posting the content on the site, is granting licence the St Francis de Sales Catholic Church Website to display the content on the web and to include the content in emails.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. The cookie helps analyse web traffic and allows web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to vistor needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you email us. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.