http://www.paceminterris.org/privacy/
Pacem In TerrisA Place Where People Can Be Alone With GodHome
Contact Us
Directions
Experience Pacem
What to Expect
The Hermitages
St. Michael the Archangel
St. Catherine of Siena
St. John of the Cross
St. Teresa of Avila
St. Francis of Assisi
St. Clare of Assisi
St. Dominic
St. Cloud
St. John the Beloved
St. Margaret Mary Alacoque
St. Kateri Tekakwitha
St. Thérèse of Lisieux
St. Mary Magdalene
St. Anthony the Hermit
St. Paul
St. Peter
St. Stephen the Martyr
St. Monica
St. Thomas the Apostle
The Setting
Our Lady of Pacem
Photo Gallery
The Hermitages Gallery
Our Lady of Pacem Gallery
The Setting Gallery
Seasons at Pacem Gallery
Videos
Legacy Fund Video
KSTP TV Newscast
WCCO TV Newscast
KSTP Good Company
Audio
Pacem’s Point to Ponder
Reviews
From Hermits
From Christian Leaders
From Media
Reservations
About Pacem In Terris
Vision/Mission
Become a Prayer Partner
History of Pacem in Terris
Papal Blessing
Newsletters
Charitable Gifts
General Gifts
Planned Giving
The Legacy Fund
Privacy
Donor and Guest information is defined as the name, any address, telephone number, gift history, or any other information pertaining to a guest, donor or potential donor to Pacem in Terris, which is gathered by any Pacem in Terris employee for reservations or development purposes.
Access and Use of Donor Information
Only development personnel and guest relations personnel have access to use information about our guests and donors while insuring that their privacy is protected to the fullest extent permitted by law. The information is not given, sold, traded, exchanged, etc. to people or institutions not affiliated with Pacem in Terris.
It is the policy of Pacem in Terris to discontinue contacting any person upon that person’s oral or written request directed to the organization, its professional fundraiser, or other agent.
Access and Use of Guest Information
Only Pacem in Terris employees who have a need to know in order to perform an authorized Pacem in Terris function or activity may access guest information. Guest information shall be used for guest relations purposes and development purposes in accordance with all applicable policies.
Guest “notes” to Pacem Staff may be used for development or publicity purposes, ensuring the anonymity of the guest.
Connect with us.
FacebookTwitterPreserve the Vision, Continue the Mission. • The PACEM IN TERRIS LEGACY FUNDPrivacy
|
Site map© Copyright 2011, PACEM IN TERRIS, All rights reserved