https://www.aals.org/privacy-policy/
x
Search for:
Member Schools
Membership Review
List of Member Schools
Deans of Member Law Schools
Publications
Publications
Before the JD
Beyond the Bachelor’s
Directory of Law Teachers
Journal of Legal Education
AALS News
Placement Bulletin
Clinical Law Review
Ordering Publications
Sections
Sections
Join
Officer Resources
Section Webinars
Awards
Spotlight on Sections
Faculty Jobs
Recruitment Services
Becoming a Law Teacher
Placement Bulletin
Current Faculty
Deanships
Research
Before the JD Project
Before the JD Report
Beyond the Bachelor’s
Methodology
Events
Faculty Focus
Annual Meeting
Propose a Program
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Services
Data Resources
Faculty Books
In Memoriam
Law Deans Antiracist Clearinghouse Project
Law School Symposia
Law Teaching Jobs
Legal Education Blogs
Legal Education News
Legal Education in the Time of COVID-19
Legal Scholarship Grants & Resources
Mailing Lists
Remote Teaching Resources
Prospective Students
Law Jobs Information
Member Schools’ Admissions Pages
Sample Online Courses
FAQ
Law School Admission Council
About
About AALS
History
Leadership
Presidents’ Messages
Handbook & Bylaws
Awards
Fellows
Staff
Employment at AALS
Accessibility
AALS on Facebook
AALS on Twitter
AALS on LinkedIn
AALS on YouTube
AALS on Flickr
AALS RSS Feed
Newsroom
Contact
Member Login
Privacy Policy
Revised: May 22, 2018
The Association of American Law Schools (“AALS”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) respects your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices you can make about our collection, use and disclosure of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
The phrase “personal information” refers to information by which you or the device you are using to connect to the Internet can be identified.
The following sections are listed below:
Information We Collect
Information We Collect from Registered Users
User Generated Content
How We Use the Information We Collect
Information We Share
Academic Partnerships and Research
Your Choices
Communications
Geo-Location Information
Cookies
California Residents
Tracking
Individual Data Rights
Access and Correction
Links to Other Websites
Interactions with Third-Party Platforms; Social Features
Data Transfers
How We Protect Personal Information
Children’s Privacy
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Information We Collect
We may obtain personal information about you from various sources, including this and other AALS websites, including the Faculty Appointments Register (FAR) and Directory of Law Teachers (DLT), the membership pages on www.aals.org or the sections websites through connect.aals.org (collectively the “AALS Websites”), when you call or email us or communicate with us through social media or when you participate in events.
The types of personal information we may obtain include:
Your contact information (such as name, social media, postal and email address, or phone number)
Contact information of friends or other people you would like us to contact
Username and password for the account you may establish on the AALS Websites
Sections and Committees Membership
Events that you have registered to attend
Demographic, academic and employment information from your Directory of Law Teachers account profile
Demographic, academic and employment Information provided through the Faculty Appointments Register
Messages submitted to discussion lists or other communications
Information submitted to online forms and surveys
Information submitted on file sharing platforms
File-sharing information
Payment details (including payment card number, security code, expiration date, cardholder name and billing address)
Shipping information (including shipping address and phone number)
Demographic information (such as age, date of birth, ethnicity, sexual orientation, and gender identity and expression)
Information you provide by interacting with us through social media, including photographs
Location information, such as the real-time geographic location of the device on which you install or access our mobile applications
A record of the purchases you make on the AALS Websites
Other identifiable information that you may submit to us
We collect the above information in accordance with the legitimate interest of AALS to provide services to our members, provide personalized communications to our members, understand how does services are being used and improve our services to our users. Some other interest to collect this information is below.
We collect personal identification information such as name, organization, emails, social media, address and phone number to keep our members informed of information that may affect or interest them. Usernames and passwords are required to provide our members with personalized experiences within AALS applications and passwords are private and inaccessible by AALS staff.
Discussion list communications are collected to enhance user experience. Event registration is collected to provide access to our professional development events for our members.
Demographic, Academic and Employment information is collected in the DLT to produce the Directory of Law Teachers for our members. Demographic, Academic and Employment information is collected in the FAR to provide a job recruitment service for interviewers and streamlined job search process for candidates.
Payment and shipping information is collected to provide services and products to the user.
In addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to submit, AALS and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the AALS Websites (“Usage Information”). This information is necessary for our legitimate interests in understanding how the Websites and our Services are being used, to improve your experience on it and ensuring network and information security.
Usage Information may include:
Information about the computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device (any of which are referred to herein as a “Device”) our visitors use to access the Internet (such as the IP address and the Device, browser and operating system type) (“Device Identifier”)
URLs that refer visitors to the AALS Websites
Dates and times of visits to the AALS Websites
Information on actions taken on the AALS Websites (such as page views and site navigation patterns)
A general geographic location (such as country and city) from which a visitor accesses the AALS Websites
Search terms that visitors use to reach the AALS Websites
Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the AALS Websites.
We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including enhancing or otherwise improving the AALS Websites and our products and services. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as personal information. This information is necessary for our legitimate interests in understanding how the Websites and our Services are being used, to improve your experience on it and ensuring network and information security.
The methods that may be used to collect Usage Information include the following:
Cookies. A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the AALS Websites or otherwise access our online content. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages. If you choose to disable cookies on your Device, some features of the AALS Websites or our content may not function properly.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the AALS Websites, to monitor how users navigate the AALS Websites, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts . An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the AALS Websites, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the AALS Websites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Back to Top
Information We Collect from Registered Users
Individuals are free to visit and use the AALS Websites without registering or providing any personal information, but registration is required to log-in to the AALS Websites and to take advantage of other services offered by AALS.
If you are a general user of the AALS Websites and wish to register for an account, you must provide us with certain information about yourself. Such information may include: first and last name, date of birth, address, email address, home telephone number, as well as a user ID and password. We may also collect middle name or initial, demographic information, mobile telephone number, work telephone number, and communications preferences.
User Generated Content
Some of the AALS Websites provide you with the ability to post content. Additionally, the AALS Websites may enable users to communicate or interact with each other. If you choose to interact with another user on the AALS Websites, that user may be able to view certain information about you, including personal information (such as your full name and contact information). We cannot prevent such information from being used by others in a manner that may violate this Privacy Notice, the law, or your personal privacy. As a result, you should never post any information to the AALS Websites or provide information to other users that you are not comfortable sharing publicly.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information collected through the AALS Websites, including your personal information and Usage Information, to:
Process your registration for membership at the AALS Websites, including verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid, and to create, and to manage and maintain your account on the AALS Websites
Tailor the content we display to you
Provide products, services or information you request
Process, validate, confirm, verify, deliver and track your purchases (including by processing payment card transactions, arranging shipping and handling returns and refunds, and contacting you about your orders, including by telephone)
Maintain a record of the purchases you make on the AALS Websites
Respond to your questions and comments and provide customer support
Communicate with you about your account, our products, services, offers, events and to offer you products and services we believe may be of interest to you or your use of the AALS Websites, and, in our discretion, changes to the AALS Websites’ policies or functionality
Enable you to communicate with us directly or through blogs, social networks and other interactive media
Manage your participation in our events
Provide data for use in research
Operate, evaluate and improve our business and the AALS Websites (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; determining the effectiveness of and optimizing our advertising; analyzing our products, services, websites and any other digital assets; facilitating the functionality of the AALS Websites and any other digital assets; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation, and collection activities)
Anonymize personal information and prepare and furnish aggregated data reports showing anonymized information (including, but not limited to, the following: compilations, analyses, analytical and predictive models and rules, and other aggregated reports) for our business purposes
Analyze and enhance our communications and strategies (including by identifying when emails sent to you have been received and read)
Analyze trends and statistics regarding visitors’ use of the AALS Websites, mobile applications and social media assets, and the purchases visitors make on the AALS Websites
Protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users
Enforce the AALS Website Terms of Use and Terms and Conditions
Comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards and our policies
In addition to the data uses described above, we may use cookies to identify and authenticate visitors.
We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Additional restrictions may apply to the Faculty Appointments Register (FAR) data collected by the AALS, as determined by the Executive Committee in accordance with the governing Bylaws and Executive Committee regulations of the AALS. Before such data is disclosed outside of the AALS, if at all, FAR candidates will be given notice and an opportunity to opt-out.
Back to Top
Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about you, except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share the personal information we collect with third parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and to communicate with you about products, services, offers, and events. We also may share personal information with our service providers who perform services on our behalf. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
We also may disclose information about you as necessary to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies in accordance with applicable law, or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell, merge or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Following such a sale, merger or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
We may share information to enforce the AALS Terms of Use and other agreements. We may share information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, emergencies, violations of the AALS Terms of Use, this Privacy Notice or other agreement, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of AALS, its members, employees, volunteers, third parties and/or the public. We may share information to respond to claims that any information you provide violates the rights of third parties.
We may share information to analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies (including by identifying when emails sent to you have been received and read).
We may share information with other third parties, but only with your consent.
We may share Usage Information and other aggregated or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research, and other purposes.
Back to Top
Academic Partnerships and Research
The AALS may share information, including personal information, with other individuals or entities (such as researchers or academic institutions) for the purpose of conducting academic or other research as approved by AALS. These parties are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information and are subject to confidentiality restrictions regarding their use of any information to which they have access.
Back to Top
Your Choices
We offer you certain choices about what information we collect from you, how we use and disclose the information, and how we communicate with you. You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information. We will apply your preferences going forward. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to AALS’ use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you cannot take advantage of certain AALS offerings or AALS Website features.
Here are the choices we offer:
Communications
You may choose not to receive certain email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails or by adjusting your email preferences using the online account you may establish on the AALS Websites. It may take up to seven business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you e-mails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
Geo-Location Information
When you use an AALS application on your mobile device, you may choose not to share your precise geo-location details with us by adjusting the device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.
Cookies
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all the AALS Websites’ features. In addition, disabling cookies may cancel opt-outs that rely on cookies, such as web analytics or targeted advertising opt-outs.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third parties and affiliates for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to the following email address: aals@aals.org or write to us at the mailing address in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your e-mail or include it in your writing if you choose to write to us at the designated mailing address. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Tracking
AALS will not respond to web browser “do not track” signals. If you would like additional information about online tracking and various opt-out mechanisms, please see http://donottrack.us/
Because we link to social media sites, other parties may collect your personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you visit the AALS Websites.
Please note that not all tracking will stop even if you delete cookies.
Back to Top
Individual Data Rights
Your Rights. You have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:
Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we haveyour Personal Data and, if so, will work with you to provide a copy of the personal data you request. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion). If we have shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data or object to us processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability: Effective 25 May 2018, you have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to provide out services to you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; or if we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling: You have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your Personal Data, including profiling, that affect you, unless such processing is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us or you provide your explicit consent to such processing.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
Legitimate Interest. “Legitimate interests” means the interests of AALS in conducting and managing our organization and providing services to our members. For example, we have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to analyze how the Websites, Apps and our products and services are being used by you, and to ensure network and information security, as described in this Privacy Policy. When we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you, and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate interests do not automatically override your interests. We will not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you, unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law. You have the right to object to processing that is based on our legitimate interests. For more information on your rights, please see “Your Rights” section above.
Back to the Top
Access and Correction
You may obtain a copy of certain personal information we maintain about you or update or correct inaccuracies in that information using the online account function on the AALS Websites. In addition, if you believe other personal information we maintain about you is inaccurate, you may request that we correct or amend the information by contacting us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. If we deny an access request, we will notify you of the reasons for the denial.
Back to the Top
Links to Other Websites
The AALS Websites may contain links to other sites for your convenience and information. These sites may be operated by companies not affiliated with AALS. Linked sites may have their own privacy policies, which you should review if you visit those websites. We are not responsible for the content of any websites not affiliated with AALS, any use of those sites, or those sites’ privacy practices.
Back to the Top
Interactions with Third-Party Platforms; Social Features
Certain functionality on the AALS Websites may permit interactions that you initiate between the AALS Websites and a third-party platform (such as a website, mobile app, or online service) (“Third-Party Interactions”). Examples of Third-Party Interactions may include the ability to transmit content between your account on the AALS Websites and your account on a third-party website or service (such as a cloud storage provider); to “like” or “share” content on or to other websites or services; and to otherwise connect to or enable interactions between the AALS Websites and/or a third-party website or service.
If you choose to participate in Third-Party Interactions, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed on the AALS Websites or on or through the site or service of the provider of the Third-Party Interaction that you use, depending on the particular Third-Party Interaction that you use. You may be presented a choice as to whether the information is publicly displayed. Also, when you engage in Third-Party Interactions, both AALS and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the AALS Websites and the third-party site or service. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections,” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third-party website or interactive service.
The information we collect in connection with Third-Party Interactions is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third-party’s privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third-party website or service.
Back to the Top
Data Transfers
This is a U.S. website subject to U.S. laws, including those governing the privacy and security of your information. When we obtain personal information about you, we may process the information outside of the country in which you are located, including in the United States. The countries in which we process the information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you are located.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, including those whose privacy laws may be more strict than U.S. law, please note that, by using the AALS Websites, you are transferring your personal data to the United States. By providing your personal data through the use of AALS Websites you consent to that transfer and processing. We will protect your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Back to the Top
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to assist us in protecting the personal information we collect against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. For example, we use security firewalls for all direct and wireless connections to the Internet, maintain antivirus protections that are installed and configured to automatically search for and download updates and to perform virus scans daily, encrypt all email, network file transfers, and web transactions containing Personally Identifiable Information through commercial grade, industry-standard protocols, and require that our vendors maintain the security of documents stored on their servers.
Please note that no electronic transmission of information can be entirely secure. We cannot guarantee that the security measures we have in place to safeguard personal information will never be defeated or fail, or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective. You should safeguard your AALS account user name and password and not share that information with anyone. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your account by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer and choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Please note that we will never ask for your AALS account user name or password via email.
For additional details about the security measures we have implemented to safeguard personal information, please contact us at aals@aals.org.
Back to the Top
Children’s Privacy
AALS does not direct its websites to children under the age of thirteen. We require registered users of the AALS Websites to be at least eighteen years old. If we learn that a user is under eighteen years of age, we will promptly delete any personal information that the individual has provided to us.
Back to the Top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will post a prominent notice on the AALS Websites to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the bottom of the notice when it was most recently updated.
Back to the Top
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by email at aals@aals.org. You also may contact us at:
Association of American Law Schools
1614 20th Street, NW
Washington, DC 20009-1001
(202) 296-8851
Back to the Top
Quick LinksAccessibility
Contact AALS
Employment at AALS
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
Connect
© 2020 | Association of American Law Schools