http://www.seminoletribe.com/STOF/site-info/privacy-policy
Updates and helpful resources from Seminole Tribe of Florida during COVID-19.
Toggle navigation
Home
History
Introduction
Timeline
Indian Resistance and Removal
No Surrender!
Survival In The Swamp
Historic Seminole
The Council Oak
Seminoles Today
The Future
Selected Bibliography
Genealogy and Anthropology
FAQ - History
Culture
Art
A Legendary Storyteller
Basketry
Beadwork
Chickee
Clans
Dolls
Green Corn Dance
Hairstyle
Legends
Medicine
Recipes
Seminoles and Christianity
Seminole Clothing
Seminole Food
Seminoles and the Land
FAQ - Culture
Government
Introduction
Today's Government
Tribal Council
Board of Directors
Tribal Court
Enterprises
Big Cypress Reservation
Brighton Reservation
Fort Pierce Reservation
Hollywood Reservation
Immokalee Reservation
Tampa Reservation
Florida Seminole Tourism
Gaming Facilities
Services
Aviation Department
Broadcasting Department
Brownfields
Building Inspections Department
Center for Behavioral Health
Center for Student Success and Services
Emergency Management
Environmental Resource Management
ERMD Wildlife
Executive Administrative Office
Health and Human Services
Housing Department
Native American Travel
Native Learning Center
Public Works Department
Seminole Boys and Girls Club
Seminole Media Productions
Seminole Police
Solicitation to Bid
Tribal Community Development
Tribal Historic Preservation Office
Tribal Library Program
Veteran’s Building
Employment
Contact Us
Site Info
Privacy PolicyLast updated: 04/17/2020 Thank you for visiting the Seminole Tribe of Florida and Seminole Tribe of Florida Inc.’s Privacy Policy.  Protecting your privacy is important to us.  Please take a few minutes to read the following policy to understand
how we handle personal information we may collect.  Personal information is information that identifies or can reasonably be linked to a particular person or household.This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, use, protection, and disclosure of information we may collect when you visit any of the websites listed here: www.semtribe.com/stof/TheSites which
list may be updated from time to time by us (collectively, “the Sites”)The Sites are owned and operated by the Seminole Tribe of Florida, a federally recognized Indian tribe (“the Seminole Tribe”).By visiting or using the Sites, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not visit or use the Sites, submit any information through the Sites, or download any materials from
the Sites. The Seminole Tribe reserves the right to amend or revise this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review this Privacy Policy regularly as these terms and conditions may change. Your use of the Sites after we make changes to the Privacy Policy
is deemed to be your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by those changes. INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe collect information in two ways: (1) information you voluntarily provide to us through our Sites; and (2) information collected through automated means (such as, for example, through the use of cookies).  INFORMATION YOU SHAREYou may provide personal information to us in several ways including:By filling out a form or submitting your contact information through our Sites;Subscribing to communications about promotions, discounts, and/or newsletters;Buying tickets for exhibits, tours, events, and attractions through our Sites;Registering for an event through our Sites;Making a reservation for accommodations at our properties, resorts, and/or campgrounds;Purchasing memberships or products through our Sites;Posting a comment or other content on or through our Sites;Making a donation through our Sites;Submitting an employment application and/or resume to us;By calling or emailing us;Participating in a survey, contest, or drawing.   At any time, you may request that we remove you from any email or newsletter list to which you subscribe by using the unsubscribe link in the email or newsletter. We will remove you from the mailing list within a reasonable time period after we receive your request. You may continue to receive other communications from us in response to communications from you or regarding reservations, registrations, purchases or donations by you.    If you post comments or other content to be displayed on public areas of our Sites, there is no guarantee of privacy for such comments or content. We cannot control the actions of other users of our Sites who may view your user contributions.  Please
do not post any sensitive personal information, health information, or financial information on our Sites. INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH AUTOMATED MEANSGenerally, we do not collect personal information that can be associated with you when you browse our Sites without submitting information to us in one of the ways described above.  When you browse, read pages or download information on our Sites,
we automatically gather and store certain technical information about your visit.  This information does not identify who you are, but provides certain information about your device, software, browsing actions, and patterns including:The Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our Sites;The type of browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge) and operating system (Windows, Unix, etc.) used to access any of our Sites; The date and time you accessed any of our Sites;The pages you visit while on any of our Sites;Whether you clicked on links to one of our Sites from another of our Sites. Like many websites, our Sites use cookies, which are a small text file that is placed on your device by our Sites. The cookies we use do not reveal any information that would allow us to personally identify you. Cookies help us understand which parts
of our Sites are the most popular, which pages our visitors view, and how long they spend there. We use cookies to study traffic patterns on our Sites so we can make the Sites better.Currently, our websites do not provide the ability to turn on/off the tracking of cookies.In some of our emails to you, we may use a “click-through URL” link. When you click on one of these URL links, you pass through our web server before arriving at the website that is your destination. We track click-through items to help
us determine your interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications for business and/or marketing purposes. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe use information you provide to us or that we collect about you, including any personal information, for the following purposes:To provide you with information, products, or services that you requested or purchased from us and to provide customer service related to such products or services; To present our Sites and their contents to you;To notify you about changes to our Sites or any products or services offered through our Sites;To offer you a variety of services and/or notification of products, training, education and documentation;To keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, events, tours, attractions, exhibits, special offers, and other information we think may interest you;To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts between you and us, including for billing and collection;To ask you to participate in a voluntary market research survey, so that we can assess customer satisfaction and develop and market better products, events, tours, attractions, and exhibits. OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe only share your personal information internally between organizations and businesses affiliated with the Seminole Tribe.  Your personal information is never shared, transferred or sold to third party organizations.  We ay disclose personal
information that you provide or we collect (as described in this Privacy Policy):To our organizations and businesses;To comply with applicable laws or regulations, a government investigation, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena;If we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets in which personal information about users of our Sites is among the assets sold or transferred. SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe Seminole Tribe does not sell any personal information collected through our Sites.  HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe Seminole Tribe safeguards the security of the data you provide to us or that we collect with physical, electronic, and managerial measures. Among other protections, we use industry-standard SSL encryption on all web pages where personal information is required or may be submitted to us. To make purchases from any of our Sites, you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Internet Explorer,
Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, or Mozilla Firefox.  The safety and security of your information also depends on you.  Please use caution when you are on the Internet to protect your personal data. Change your passwords regularly, do not share passwords, and use a combination of letters, numbers
and special characters for your passwords. Always make sure you use a secure browser when on the Internet. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted via our
Sites.  Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACYOur Sites are not intended for anyone under age 18.  The Seminole Tribe does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children or youth under age 18. If you are under age 18, please do not provide any information about yourself
to us via our Sites, email, text, voicemail or any other means. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from someone under age 18 without parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have
personal information from an individual under age 18, please contact us at: InfoSec@semtribe.com THIRD PARTY LINKS AND WEBSITESOur Sites contain links to other websites owned or operated by third parties that are not affiliated with or controlled by us. We do not share your personal information with those third parties and are not responsible for their privacy practices.
Please review the privacy policies of any third party website you visit to learn more about the privacy practices applicable to that site. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTIONThis Privacy Policy and your use of our Sites shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the applicable laws of the United States and the Seminole Tribe of Florida without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision
or rule. To the extent that federal law or Tribal laws are held to have not preempted local law, this Privacy Policy and your use of our Sites shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, to the extent applicable, without regard to the
rules regarding conflict of laws.  By using our Sites, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in Broward County, Florida for any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy or
your use of our Sites. CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us in writing at:
Information Security Office Legal Department c/o IT - Information Security Office6300 Stirling Road, Suite 205Hollywood, FL 33024Infosec@semtribe.com c/o Legal Department6300 Stirling Road, Suite 425Hollywood, FL 33024 Please note that we may need to verify your identity if you request personal information concerning yourself or someone else.  We will only provide personal information to the person about whom the information pertains or someone authorized to
act on that person’s behalf (such as a parent or legal guardian).
Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
PO Terms and Conditions
Helpful LinksQuestions? FAQ
Vendor Application
Site Info
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
PO Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
6300 Stirling Road
Hollywood, Florida 33024
Phone: (800) 683-7800
Copyright © Seminole Tribe of Florida