https://www.furtherlight1130.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
News
Posts
History
Join
Contact
Privacy Policy
Categories
All
Events
Meeting Minutes
News
Posted on July 1, 2018 by Matt Sale
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.furtherlight1130.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
DISCLAIMER This page contains links to sites maintained by other
organizations. Neither this Lodge nor the Grand Lodge of Illinois can attest to the accuracy of information provided by linked sites. Linking to a web site does not constitute an endorsement by the Grand Lodge of Illinois, its members, lodges or employees of the sponsors of the linked site or the products presented on the site. The opinions expressed on this webpage represent those of the individual authors and, unless clearly labelled as such, do not represent the opinions or policies of any Masonic lodge, Grand Lodge or recognized Masonic body.
Unless otherwise noted, all contents copyright 2004-Present Further Light Lodge no. 1130.
Lodge Info (click below for map)
10 East Williams St.,
Danville, IL 61832
How to Join?
Links
M. W. Grand Lodge, A.F. and A.M., of the State of Illinois
Scottish Rite, Valley of Danville
Archives
August 2015
March 2015
December 2014
November 2014
September 2014
July 2014
January 2014
November 2013
October 2013
August 2013
July 2012
February 2011
December 2010
November 2010
October 2010
June 2009
November 2008
October 2008
September 2008
August 2008
June 2008
December 2006
September 2006
March 2006
March 2005
December 2004
November 2004
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Spam Blocked
431 spam blocked by Akismet
Recent Posts
site hacked – repaired.
JASON ASAAD WINS STATE JAYCEES AWARD
New Lodge room photos
October 2014 events
12-Sept-2014 Fire and Water degree photos
Calendar
click for webmaster email address
Contact
History
Home
Join
Posts
Privacy Policy
Powered by WordPress and HeatMap AdAptive Theme