https://www.bmyc.info/legacy/index.php/privacy-policy
British Methodist Youth Choir
Contact usGalleryVideosSamples
Search ...
HomeNews
ArchiveFriends of BMYC Newsletters Email Newsletters
Contact the Choir
Joining the choirHosting the ChoirBecoming a Friend
ConcertsAbout BMYC...
FAQsSupporting the Choir
Shop
DownloadsCDs & DVDs
Skip to content
A Mission in Song
Sacred or Secular, BMYC sings the words with feeling and passion. Concerts are often joyful or moving.
Who are we?
The choir is made up of 16 to 27 yearold Christians, but not exclusively Methodists.
What do we do?
BMYC travels around the UK visiting Methodist Churches performing concerts and contributing to services.
Privacy and cookie policy
Print
Published: 06 May 2016
Written by Kevin Soulsby
This privacy policy sets out how the British Methodist Youth Choir uses and protects any information that you give the British Methodist Youth Choir when you use this website.
The British Methodist Youth Choir is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The British Methodist Youth Choir may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from the 06 May 2016.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address, address and phone numbers
Dates of birth for the purpose of assessing membership and safeguarding requirements
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Managing mailing and contact lists
Collating information about possible concert venues
Contacting potential new members of the choir
We will periodically send British Methodist Youth Choir newsletters using the email address which you have provided. You can opt out from receiving these emails at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in each email.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The website is also secured using a modern encryption certificate and software provided by Let's Encrypt
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic. Please be aware that our website uses anonymous analytical tracking cookies. We just wanted to let you know so that you can switch cookies off in your browser if you prefer.
We use this non-personal information to compile reports on usability for internal use only, and so we can learn from the needs of our visitors and improve their experience of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
Last Updated on the 06 May 2016
You are here: Home
Privacy Policy
Top
Skip to content
BMYC Policies
Safeguarding
Safety & Health
Privacy Policy
Copyright and Disclaimer
Inspiration...
O God, make the door of this house wide enough for all who need human love.
- Thomas Ken, 1637-1711
Our Social Profiles
Copyright © 2020 British Methodist Youth Choir. All Rights Reserved.
Site MapPrivacy PolicyCopyright and Disclaimer