http://www.dyeager.org/page/privacy-policy.html
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any personal information we may collect while operating our websites.
Use of Information
We do not rent, sell, or trade personal information for marketing purposes (we don’t like spam either).
Information we may Collect
Subscribing to our newsletter requires an email address used to send the newsletter (each newsletter contains information on how to unsubscribe).
Any other volunteered information.
Standard Web Log Files and Web Analytics (see below).
Log Files and Analytics
Like most websites, we collect non-personally-identifying information of the type web browsers and servers typically make available, such as browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each request.
We also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses as part of standard web logs and analytics programs for security, detecting unauthorized access attempts, determining popular pages, etc. We have configured our analytics software to not set tracking cookies, so the “do not track” setting in your browser (on or off) does not change this site’s behavior, as we don’t set or use tracking cookies.
Aggregated Statistics
We collect statistics about the behavior of visitors. We may display aggregated information publicly or provide it to others, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the website.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors choose to interact in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information (commenting on articles, subscribing to the newsletter, purchasing products, etc). The amount and type of information gathered depends on the nature of the interaction. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
This website is not directed to children under 13, and minors should never enter personal information on this (or any other) site.
Third Party Utilities
Other privacy policies which may apply to you:
Mailchimp - because we use them for the email newsletter
YouTube - because we embed YouTube Videos
Square - because we sell books using their store
Google - because we use Google’s engine for site search
Any other third party service will have their own privacy policy.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
We do not sell or trade your identifiable information for marketing purposes. We may release information to comply with the law, enforce our policies, or protect our rights.
Cookies
We may use cookies to help visitors use the website, for web analytics, user preferences, and other uses. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies, with the drawback that certain features may not function properly without the aid of cookies (shopping carts typically require cookies, for example). Your browser settings accepting or refusing cookies states your acceptance to opt-in or opt-out of accepting cookies.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by us and does not cover any third parties as each have their own privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion and will post changes on this page, along with the date modified. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Changelog
April 2018 — Removed sections on Google Analytics and Disqus as neither are currently used by this site.
May 2018 — Added specific links to other privacy policies (YouTube, MailChimp, etc)
Copyright ©Frames of Reference LLC 1998–2020
https://www.dyeager.org/page/privacy-policy.html
Books
Books are available at amazon.com, Barnes & Noble, or wherever books are sold.
A terrible disease infects many Christians by believing life is easy and God grants everyone (with enough faith, that is) a Lexus, ice cream, and a pony. When life gets tough people hide the pain and frustration created by the paradox of what they think the Christian life should be—versus the reality they experience—by transforming into Tony the Tiger, where everything is grrrrreat! Yet everyone needs help sometimes.
When trials arrive, it’s a myth you’ll rise to the occasion, rather you’ll sink to your level of preparation. If you’re bringing (metaphorically) a knife to a gun-fight, you’ve set yourself up as a pig going to slaughter. Zechariah and Haggai appear about the same time to encourage the people to rejoin the battle, providing practical advice you can use today. It’s time to transform from a 98-pound spiritual weakling to a seasoned combat-ready Christian, because Christianity is — and always will be — a full-contact experience (whether you know it or not).
Daniel’s book contains more than mystical prophecy and Sunday School flannel-board stories, as Paul reminds us “whatsoever things were written in earlier times were written for our learning, that we, through patience and comfort of the scriptures, might have hope”. Daniel’s character was unwavering, as he decided early in his life to maintain his devotion to God, no matter the cost. That’s the real lesson to learn, and Daniel’s book provides the blueprint.
The Corinthians had their share of problems, among them marriage and divorce, divisions, pride, legalism, spiritual gifts, immorality, and more. Unfortunately the church hasn’t learned from Paul’s letter as the same mistakes repeat over and over … and over. Have you thought about how people outside the church see it today? Their responses reveal much about the state of today’s church — and it’s not good — as the problems at Corinth continue today.
Free Book Chapter
Enter your email address to get a FREE chapter from my book “Stay in the Game, but you still don’t get a pony,” and a special bonus article — “Animal Magnetism.”
Recent Articles
Loading... (javascript required)
Series
Loading... (javascript required)
Categories
Loading... (javascript required)