https://www.tubman.org/get-help/workshops-support-groups/pieces-of-peace-support-group.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Pieces of Peace Support GroupPieces of Peace is an ongoing, drop-in support group for people who are experiencing or have experienced relationship abuse, including emotional, verbal, physical, sexual or financial abuse. Participants at all stages of healing are welcome.
The group meets from 6:30 to 8 p.m. on Tuesdays.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Pieces of Peace has moved online and now uses Zoom as the platform for meeting online. To join, use the registration form below and the link will be emailed to you before the group meeting.
Technology safety planning
If someone is monitoring your technology use, it is important to develop a safety plan for participating in Pieces of Peace. First and foremost, trust your instincts and be vigilant abut someone who may be accessing your online accounts, tracking your location, or gathering information about you online.
The safest thing you can do for using online support groups is use someone else's device. Think about a family member or friend whose computer, phone, or tablet is available.
If you are unable to use someone else's device, there are precautions you can take to join Pieces of Peace discreetly and safely. Because the link to the meeting is emailed to you before the group meeting, it may be helpful to create a new separate email account for this correspondence.
The Zoom platform used by Pieces of Peace is protected by password (which you also will receive in an email) to foster a private and safe space. In order to use Zoom, you will need to download the app on your smartphone, computer, tablet. It may be helpful to have a backup story prepared in case you are asked why you are using Zoom, such as that you are using it to talk to friends or for work. Additionally, it may be helpful to have your internet browser open to a neutral website, like the weather or the news. Be ready to change windows if necessary during Pieces of Peace.
If it feels safer, Zoom provides the option to dial into the group over your phone instead of using video conferencing.
Remember to periodically delete your browser history and cookies. More information on how to do this can be found here.
Tubman is here for you to safety plan 24/7. If you would like further assistance in developing a safety plan, call our 24-hour resource and crisis line at 612.825.0000
To sign up for the virtual Pieces of Peace group, please click here.
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.