http://www.hhhkz.org/privacy-policy
About Us
Stay With Us
Donate
Volunteer
News & Events
Contact Us
Menu
About Us
Stay With Us
Donate
Volunteer
News & Events
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Hospital Hospitality House of Southwest Michigan, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. Privacy issues represent a growing concern for all web users. Hospital Hospitality House does not collect personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information. Hospital Hospitality House does not sell your information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies to Hospital Hospitality House website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Hospital Hospitality House website, you have accepted the terms of this Policy.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Of the information we learn about you from your visit to the Hospital Hospitality House website, we store only the following: the IP address from which you access the Internet, the date and time, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site, the name of the file or the words you searched, and the browser used to access our site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the site, identify system performance or problem areas, and so that we may improve the quality of the site. Hospital Hospitality House does not provide this information to third parties.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small file that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk allowing our server to “remember” specific information about your session. While visiting the Hospital Hospitality House site you may occasionally encounter a web page that employs cookies to make it easier to use the dynamic features of these web pages. The cookie and the information about your session will be destroyed automatically shortly after you close your browser-it is not permanently stored on your computer. You can set your browser to disable cookies or prompt you before a cookie is accepted. If you do not want to receive cookies, you will still be able to use the Hospital Hospitality House site, but will be unable to use cookie-dependent features.
Personally Provided Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an email, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our website, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request. If provided, personally identifiable information is maintained in a database that is regularly purged. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law.
Security of Your Personal Information
Hospital Hospitality House secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Hospital Hospitality House secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Links to Other Sites
The Hospital Hospitality House website provides some links to other websites. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Contact Information
Hospital Hospitality House may, from time to time and at our discretion, update, modify, supplement or delete portions of this Policy. We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy and if you believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact Hospital Hospitality House. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
(269) 341-7811
office@hhhkz.org
828 S. Burdick St., Kalamazoo, MI 49001
Stay Connected
Name
Email
Subscribe
© 2019 Hospital Hospitality House of Southwest Michigan, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Facebook-f
Instagram
Twitter