http://www.christmas-songs.org/privacy.html
Christmas-Songs.org
Lyrics and music to all your favorite Christmas songs and Christmas carols
Blog
MIDI music
Traditional Carols
Christmas Songs:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
R
S
T
U
W
Y
Z
Privacy Statement
Christmas-songs.org contains links to our sister sites:
Biblical Baby Names
Gospel Song Lyrics
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Christmas-Songs.org.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to gather broad demographic information. This is information such as the country that your domain is from. This type of information helps us determine and serve our visitors needs better. We get this type of information automatically with the server statistics for our site from our hosting company. We look at it along with our other site statistics.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we do not use cookies ourselves, cookies received with banner ads may be collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. It is hosted on professionally administered servers in a secure facility. We also have adequate physical security on the computers on which we create the site to protect our data there. The computers on which we create this site are not on any public data network.
Contacting the Web Site
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please email us at biblical_baby_names@yahoo.com. When you send us a question or comment, we will only use your e-mail address to respond to you. We will never sell your e-mail address or show it to anyone else.
©Christmas-Songs.org 2006-2012 All rights reserved | Traditional Carols | Songs For Kids | Sad Songs |
Santa Songs
MIDIs | Mary Songs | Christmas Gospel Songs | Romantic Christmas Songs | Home For Holidays