https://www.madre.org/privacy-disclosures
Jump to navigation
Back to top
Privacy & Disclosures
Donations, Credit Card and Personal Information Security
MADRE is committed to protecting your privacy. When you make a donation to MADRE, your credit card and other confidential information is secured by Webroot. MADRE does not store your credit card information for future use. MADRE implements numerous policies to safeguard your personal information. We use encryption, access controls, network firewalls, physical security and other technologies and processes to protect your personal information. When we work with other companies to process credit card transactions, those companies use encryption and other security measures to safeguard your credit card information. Access to our donor database is restricted to staff members who sign a confidentiality agreement.
Information We Collect
We want to offer you the best and most relevant information we can about the work that you care about. Towards that end, the information we collect is used to improve the content we share and our communications with you.
For each visitor to our website, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect aggregate information on what pages users access or visit, in a manner that cannot identify you individually. This information includes: pages visited, the device and browser used to access our site, search terms, and geographic data.
We receive personal information volunteered by the user, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
Other common ways we may receive personal information include: through your interaction on our social media platforms (including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn), through your donations to MADRE via a third-party fundraising site, through your communications with us via our website, and through your requests for information.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to process your donations, to respond to your requests, and to improve the quality of the information you receive on our website and other platforms. This usage includes: making content decisions about our communications, sending you information about your interactions with us, sending updates about our programs and events, and improving our services and organizational practices.
If you supply us with your email address, you may receive periodic emails from us with updated information, donation receipts and opportunities to support and get involved with MADRE and our partner organizations. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by emailing us at madrespeaks@madre.org or by clicking the unsubscribe link in our emails.
If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information about our work, donation receipts, opportunities to get involved and provide support or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by writing to us at madrespeaks@madre.org or call 212-627-0444. Please provide us with your exact name and address.
Users who complete forms on our site agree to share their information with MADRE staff and our partners for the purposes of requesting speakers and signing petitions.
If our information practices change, we will post the policy changes to our website. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you can check back at our website periodically or contact us at privacy@madre.org.
Upon request, we can provide you with access to any transaction or contact information that we maintain about you. E-mail us at privacy@madre.org. If requested, we will make any reasonable effort to offer you the ability to have inaccuracies corrected, to have your information deleted, to restrict our use of your personal information or to transfer your personal information to another party. Users can make such a request by sending us e-mail at privacy@madre.org, or by calling us at 212-627-0444. If you are in the European Union, here is a link to further information about your rights regarding your data.
Sharing Your Information
We are dedicated to protecting your privacy. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or contact information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
When we use third-parties to assist us with such work as fundraising support and research, we ensure that they only have access to the personal information necessary to perform their agreed upon functions and that they maintain confidentiality and security of the information. These third-parties do not retain or share personal information for any secondary purposes.
MADRE never sells the names or addresses of our members. We occasionally exchange information with like-minded organizations. If you wish for your name to be used exclusively by MADRE, please contact us at privacy@madre.org.
We may disclose your information if required to do so by law and in response to a valid request by a competent authority.
Cookies
We aggregate non-personally-identifiable information to analyze site traffic from all users. We use this information to improve the quality of our website and the information presented to you, and to troubleshoot issues with our website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
External Links
Where we link to external or third-party sites, please note that this privacy policy does not apply to sites not operated by MADRE.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at privacy@madre.org or 212-627-0444.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this policy at any time.
Contact Information
Our postal address is
121 W. 27th St., Room 301
New York, NY 10001
We can be reached via e-mail at privacy@madre.org or you can reach us by telephone at 212-627-0444
State Nonprofit Disclosures
Certain states require written disclosures for nonprofit organizations soliciting contributions. Individual state disclosures are below.
Florida: A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE, WITHIN THE STATE, 1-800-435-7352 (800-HELP-FLA), OR VISITING www.FloridaConsumerHelp.com. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. Florida Registration #CH5790
Georgia: A full and fair description of our programs and our financial statement summary is available upon request at our office and phone number indicated above.
Maryland: For the cost of copies and postage, from the Office of the Secretary of State, State House, Annapolis, MD 21401.
Mississippi: The official registration and financial information of MADRE, INC. may be obtained from the Mississippi Secretary of State's office by calling 1-888-236-6167. Registration by the Secretary of State does not imply endorsement. Nevada: Contributions may be tax deductible pursuant to the provisions of sec. 170(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 26 U.S.C. ¤170(c). New Jersey: INFORMATION FILED WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL CONCERNING THIS CHARITABLE SOLICITATION AND THE PERCENTAGE OF CONTRIBUTIONS RECEIVED BY THE CHARITY DURING THE LAST REPORTING PERIOD THAT WERE DEDICATED TO THE CHARITABLE PURPOSE MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY BY CALLING (973) 504-6215 AND IS AVAILABLE ON THE INTERNET AT www.state.nj.us/lps/ca/charfrm.htm. REGISTRATION WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT.
New York: Upon request, from the Attorney General's Charities Bureau, 28 Liberty Street, New York, NY 10005, 1-212-416-8686 or www.charitiesnys.com.
North Carolina: Financial information about this organization and a copy of its license are available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 1-919-814-5400. The license is not an endorsement by the state.
Pennsylvania: The official registration and financial information of MADRE, INC. may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999.
Virginia: From the State Office of Consumer Affairs in the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Affairs, P.O. Box 1163, Richmond, VA 23218.
Washington: From the Secretary of State at 1-800-332-4483 or http://www.sos.wa.gov/charities/
West Virginia: West Virginia residents may obtain a summary of the registration and financial documents from the Secretary of State, State Capitol, Charleston, WV 25305.
Wisconsin: A financial statement of the charitable organization disclosing assets, liabilities, fund balances, revenue and expenses for the preceding fiscal year will be provided to any person upon request.
REGISTRATION WITH A STATE AGENCY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL OR RECOMMENDATION BY THAT STATE.
More information about charity disclosure statements and nonprofit state registrations.
Fighting for Feminist Futures
Get Involved
Volunteer
Ways to Give
Host a Speaker
Get Updates
Additional Information
Financials
Privacy & Disclosures
Policies
Photo Credits
Contact
121 West 27th Street # 301
New York, NY 10001 USA
Phone: (212) 627-0444
Fax: (212) 675-3704
madre@madre.org
FacebookFlickrTwitterYouTubeInstagram
Website design and build by Giant Rabbit.