http://www.ascasupport.org/privacy.php
ASCA SM respects our Web site visitor's right to personal privacy.
We only collect information as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
We want our visitors to be aware of any information we collect and
how it will be used.
Form Information
This Web site only gathers information through the use of forms. The details you provide on any forms used on this site will not be used for any purpose other than delivering the appropriate information to the intended ASCA SM personnel. ASCA SM will not use the details to send unsolicited email and will not disclose or sell information to any 3rd party.
Information gathered in forms is used to:
Provide timely contact and follow-up assistance (optional)
Create and evolve content that is of the greatest use to our visitors using pertinent followup information
Focus further updates and development on our most often used files utilizing followup information
Visitors completing any form that requires an email address are given the option of not being contacted for followup assistance.
Cookies
This site currently utilizes the cookie PHPSESSID to allow a registered visitor
access to our download files. It does not gather any information or track file downloads.
Three other cookies (by Google Analytics, Piwick, and eMetrics) are only used in a very limited fashion to see how effective our site is in providing information to the broadest range of users. We do use these to gather or use personal information about our sites visitors.
Other Web Sites and Forums
Our pages contain links to other Web sites and forums that we feel may be of value and use to our visitors. This privacy policy does not apply to these sites or forums. Please take the time to review the invidual site's/forum's privacy policy should you have any questions or concerns.
Return to Previous Page
Home Page
Meeting Materials
Survivor to Thriver &Co-Facilitator Training Manuals
Meeting Locations
Forums
Outreach
Resources For     Survivors
Web Resources
ASCA Newsletters
Sign up for Our    Email Newsletter
Please Note: ASCA does not provide crisis counseling or abuse reporting services. Please use
the following link if you require this information: Help Line and Reporting Links
File HelpSite MapPrivacy Statement
Staff Login
©Copyright 2015 ASCA. All Rights Reserved