http://www.insight.org/terms-of-use
Broadcasts
Resources
Events
Connect
About
Store
Donate
Terms of Use
Follow us:
By visiting any insight.org Web site (such as www.insight.org, www.vision195.com, www.pawsandtales.org, www.visionparavivir.org, or any other Web site owned by Insight for Living), you accept and agree with the terms and conditions set forth in this notice. Any references to Insight for Living (and/or “IFL”) in this document also apply to all IFL Web sites.
Personal Information
Insight for Living respects your privacy. The IFL Web site may log IP addresses and browser types, but will not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user’s session may be tracked but their identity will remain anonymous. You may browse IFL’s Web site without entering any personal information and therefore remain anonymous during your visit. However, some areas of the site may collect personal information for your personalized account, ordering products, and/or donating to IFL. Information obtained will be used for purposes related to the mission* of IFL.
Secure Information
Credit card information will be processed using the detailed information you submit. For example, you may provide information for on-line registration or on-line giving. We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt credit card information provided and protect the information from being read improperly while transmitted over the Internet.
Password Security
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your personal password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your personal password. Please do not share your password with anyone.
General Disclaimer
This IFL Web site is provided by IFL on an “as is” and “as available” basis. IFL makes no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, or materials included on this site.
To the full extent permissible by applicable law, IFL disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. Neither IFL nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, merchants, sponsors, licensors, or the like, warrant that any IFL Web site is free of errors, omissions, or uninterrupted service; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of a IFL Web site, or as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information content, service, or item provided through any IFL Web site. IFL does not warrant that any IFL Web site is free of bugs, viruses, other harmful components, or technical problems. IFL will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site.
Jurisdiction and Law
The user agrees to Christian conciliation of any disputes relating to the site. The laws of the State of Texas will govern these terms and conditions. User consents to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Collin County, the State of Texas of the United States of America for any litigation arising out of or related to use of any IFL Web site.
Links
The IFL Web site contains links to other Web sites. IFL is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Consult the administrator of these other sites for their privacy policies.
Activity
User is prohibited from posting on or transmitting through IFL Web site any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that would violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
Termination
IFL reserves the right to terminate site user’s access any time, at its sole discretion.
Copyrights and Trademarks
IFL Web sites contain original and third party materials that are protected by copyright or trademark that are possessed by IFL or used with permission from others who possess said copyright or trademark rights. All such rights are reserved to IFL. Reproduction is not permitted without the expressed written consent of IFL. For permission, you may contact the rights and permissions department of IFL at rights@insight.org.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these terms and conditions at any time.
*Insight for Living is committed to excellence in communicating the truths of Scripture and the person of Jesus Christ in an accurate, clear, and practical manner so that people will come to an understanding of God’s plan for their lives, as well as their significant role as authentic Christians