http://www.wyattfirm.com/privacy-policy/privacy-policy
Contact Us
Locations
This is an Advertisement
Louisville. KY
Lexington. KY
Memphis. TN
Nashville. TN
New Albany. IN
Wyatt Tarrant & Combs LLP
Client Stories
Professionals
Services
News & Events
About Wyatt
Careers
Blogs
Privacy Policy
Acceptance of policy as condition of using www.wyattfirm.comIt is important for you to know Wyatt’s Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) before using any feature of www.wyattfirm.com (the “Website”). By using the Website you indicate (a) your consent to the collection and use of information as outlined in the Policy, and (b) your consent to the Terms and Conditions of Usage. Please take a few minutes to read this Policy, as well as the Terms and Conditions of Usage, before using the Website.This policy does not cover information collected on sites linked to the Website. You should carefully check each website to learn its privacy policy because that website’s policy may differ from Wyatt’s in very significant ways. For example, other websites may solicit personal information and then disseminate it without your permission. Wyatt is not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or content of other websites you may visit.Collection and use of personal information The Website is maintained by Wyatt, Tarrant & Combs LLP (“Wyatt”), PNC Plaza, 500 West Jefferson Street, Louisville, Kentucky 40202, (502) 589-5235. Wyatt only collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you register for our services, such as for a newsletter or a seminar, you may be are asked to provide personally identifying information such as your email address, name, mailing address and phone number. Wyatt uses this information to provide you with the service you have requested. For example, if you subscribe to a newsletter, we will use your mailing address and/or your e mail address to send the newsletter to you. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new services we offer, such as upcoming seminars, or to improve the services we offer by tailoring them to your needs. This Website collects no personally identifying information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals.Children may not divulge personally identifiable information No information should be submitted to the Website by users under 13 years of age. Wyatt does not knowingly collect or use any information from users under 13 years of age.Our use of “cookies” Wyatt may place a “cookie” in the browser files of a Website user’s computer. Cookies are nuggets of information that are placed by a website in a storage place on your own computer. We may use cookies to track usage patterns on the site or to record registration and personalization information. Other sites linked to the Website may use cookies in different ways; again, you should consult the privacy policy of each website you visit.Sharing information Wyatt does not share information which readily identifies you, such as your name, street address, telephone number or e-mail address, with any third party unless we first have your consent. Your consent may be implied by your request for goods or services which cannot be provided without revealing personally identifiable information to the source of those goods or services (such as a request that certain information or goods be shipped to you). Please be aware that Wyatt complies with the law and will provide personally identifiable information about you in response to a subpoena, a statute, a court order or a valid legal process. In addition, Wyatt may reveal personally identifiable information about you to a third person if necessary to prevent or remedy any breach by you of Wyatt’s Terms and Conditions of Usage or to protect the personal safety of Wyatt’s users, employees, or the public. Wyatt reserves the right to share aggregate information about our users to third parties. This aggregate information may include (but is not limited to) such information as how often the average user visits our Website and which pages are visited most often. In such cases, Wyatt does not share information which readily identifies you, such as your name, street address, telephone number or e-mail address.Modifications to the privacy policy At its sole discretion, Wyatt may change its Policy, with or without prior notice to you. When we do make changes, we will post those changes on the Website. Please check the Policy from time to time so that you may be aware of any changes.Disputes Any disputes regarding this Policy, as well as any disputes arising from your use of this Website, are governed by the Website’s Terms and Conditions of Usage.
Questions?
If you have questions regarding Wyatt’s Policy or its Terms and Conditions of Usage, please contact us at: contact_us@wyattfirm.com.
©2020 by Wyatt Tarrant & Combs LLP
All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Find Us On