http://www.womanslifeins.com/chapters/helping-others/impact/
Helping Others – Chapter Impact
Woman’s Life Insurance Society® is highly committed to social responsibility. In fact, serving the needs of our members and the communities where they
live has been at the heart of everything we have done since 1892.
As a community life insurer, Woman’s Life is a unique type of organization. We offer life insurance and annuities designed to help women plan for a
financially secure future for themselves and their families with the added benefit of helping others in need. How? We use our financial resources to support
community projects held by active chapter members.
The contributions made by Woman’s Life chapters across the country are enhanced by our Chapter Financial Support Programs, including matching funds,
volunteer service project grants, and more.
Evidence that our membership has fully embraced this philosophy can be found at any of the 838 events that Woman’s Life chapters held in 2019. Last year alone
active Woman’s Life chapter members contributed more than $685,026 and volunteered more than 51,321 hours to support individuals, causes, and communities that
are important to them.
Chapter Events Held in 2019
Fundraisers
438
Volunteer Service Projects
197
Social Events
203
Hours of Service in 2019
Hours of Community Service
35,596
Hours on Projects
15,725
Donations in 2019
Fundraising Donations including Woman’s Life Matching Funds
$496,593
Volunteer Service Grants
$17,099
Other Donations
$46,560
In Kind Donations
$124,774
Woman’s Life provides individual benefits of membership in addition to the chapter support benefits. In 2019, these benefits included Scholarships,
Breast Cancer and Colon Screening Benefits, Annual Physical Good Health Benefits and others. Woman’s Life paid $23,585 in support of these individual benefits.
Interested In Learning More?
A Woman’s Life chapter may already be in your area.
Join forces or contact us for additional information.
Use our Financial Needs Analysis and Retirement Calculator tools to review your financial priorities and achieve your goals.
Make the Connection:
Woman’s Life offers generous Chapter Financial Support Programs to enhance the impact made by our Chapters in
communities across the U.S. These programs are funded through the sale of the life insurance and annuity products we offer to help you plan for a secure financial
future for yourself and your family.
Click here for more information about our Life Insurance and Annuity Products.
Logon
I am a Member
Username
Password
Logon
Register
Forgot Password
Manage My Certificates
Make Payments
Update My Profile Information
Request Membership Card
Apply for Good Health Benefits
I am a Chapter Officer
Logon
Register
Forgot Password
Access Chapter Support Benefits
Request Financial Support
Request Event and Chapter Promotion Materials
Submit Monthly Activity Reports
View Progress Toward Earning Bonuses
I am an Agent
Username
Password
Logon
Forgot Password
Access Applications
Review Product Information
Personalize Marketing Materials
View Commission Statement
Not sure what to do?
Contact Us or call (800) 521-9292