https://www.salvationarmy.org.au/need-help/family-and-domestic-violence/find-help-for-domestic-violence/
The Salvation Army URL has changed to salvationarmy.org.auFind out more
Quick exit
Home
Need Help?
Alcohol And Other Drug Services
Get In Contact With Us
How Our Services Work
Alcohol And Other Drugs Facts
Aged Care
Court And Prison Support
Disasters And Emergencies
Natural Disasters Helping Kids Cope
Natural Disasters Advice For Kids
Faq
Financial Assistance
Youre The Boss
Be The Boss
Financial Counselling
Financial Coaching
No Interest Loan Scheme
Money Essentials Webinars
Moneycare Financial Literacy Tips
Family And Domestic Violence
Find Help For Domestic Violence
Safer In The Home
Learn More About Domestic Violence
Vulnerable Groups
Police Protection Orders Court And Legal Matters
Resources
About Us And Our Services
Mens Services
Family Domestic Violence And Children
Housing
Finding Employment
Funerals
Homelessness Support Services
Learn To Drive
Legal Services
Positive Lifestyle Program
Rural Support
Drought Community Support Initiative
Youth Services
Get Involved
Advocacy
Talking To Your Local Member
Recent Advocacy From The Salvation Army
Anti Poverty Week 2020
Conference And Recreation Centres
Corporate Support
Corporate Partnerships
Corporate Volunteering
Workplace Giving
Our Partners
Employment Opportunities
Fundraise For Us
Red Shield Appeal
Launch Events
Fundraise In Your Workplace
School Initiatives
Shop With Us
Training And Study
Volunteer With Us
Volunteer with Salvos Stores
Corporate volunteering
Volunteer with Sydney Streetlevel
Volunteer with Sydney OASIS
Volunteer Melbourne 614
Volunteer With Emergency Services
Get involved in the Red Shield Appeal
Your Local Salvos
Anti Poverty Week
Moneycare Gave Jasmine The Reassurance She Needed
Their Turn To Receive Help
Giving Janet The Support She Needed To Free Herself From The Debt
Hope And Support For Communities Shattered By Disaster
Building Resilience With The Barefoot Investor
Pathway To Social Justice A Way Forward For Australia
Making It Happen
About Us
Mission And Vision
Our Services
Aboriginal And Torres Strait Islander Programs
Homelessness Services
Alcohol And Other Drug Services
Aged Care Services
Chaplaincy
Emergency Disaster Recovery
Attended Emergencies
Doorways And Emergency Relief
Employment Plus
Eva Burrows College
Fighting Modern Slavery Exploitation
International development partnerships
Moneycare
Red Shield Defence Services
Salvos Funerals
Salvos Legal
Salvos Stores And Op Shops
Youth Support Networks And Programs
Leadership And Structure
International Leadership
Australian Leadership
Structure Symbols And Terminology
Officers Soldiers And Adherents
Our Story
Our History
Founders William And Catherine Booth
Generals
Historical Timeline
History Of Social Work
Serving The Armed Forces
Notable Salvos
How Did The Rsa Start
Interesting Facts
An International Movement
News And Stories
Media Newsroom
Stories
mySalvos Website
Disasters, droughts and other appeals
Disasters And Emergencies
2018-2019 Drought
Publications And Resources
On The Street
Dinner Or Lights Tonight Budget Calculator
Asylum Seeker Fact Sheets
Australians Bleak About Economic Outlook
Light And Life
Warcry
Kidzone
Salvo Publishing
Still Standing
Life After The Oasis
Reports
Annual Report
Impact Report
Economic Social Impact Survey
Subscribe To Receive Updates
Reconciliation Week 2020
The Salvation Army Covid 19 News And Updates
Bushfire Response And Recovery
Governance Policy
Disaster Relief Funds
Deductible Gift Recipient Status
Safeguarding Children And Young People
Safeguarding Team
Concerns About Child Abuse
Our Framework
Our People Places And Programs
Information For Children Young People Parents And Carers
Our Resources
Allegations Of Abuse
Centre For Restoration
Care Approach
The National Redress Scheme
Royal Commission
About The Royal Commission
Review Of Past Claims
Media
Information For Former Residents And Other Survivors
Use Of Logo And Trademarks
Website Terms Of Use
Social Media Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Volunteer Handbook And Agreement
Our Commitment To Reconciliation
Donate
Make A Donation
Donate Online
Regular Giving
Other Ways To Donate
Regular Giving
Clothing And Goods
Corporate support
Wills and Bequests
Information for Solicitors (including Bequest Wording)
Preparing Your Will
How Bequests Change Lives
Community Wills Days
Solicitor Search
Contact
How Solicitors Can Help The Salvation Army
Transform Lives Beyond Your Imagination
Philanthropy
Help us fundraise
Meet Our Supporters
Contact Donor Services
How Your Donation Helps
Our Faith
Our Beliefs
Dedications Marriages And Funerals
Officers Soldiers And Adherents
Jesus And Christianity
Worship Expressions
Music
Share a prayer request
Stories Of Faith
Easter
Celebrate Easter With Kids
Easter Growing Hope From Heartache
Find A Church Near You
Locations
Contact Us
Complaints
Red Shield Appeal
Digital Doorknock
Safety And Stability For A Family In Crisis
From Military Service To Homelessness
Support The Red Shield Appeal Covid 19
Christmas
Stories
Need Help This Christmas
Food Hamper And Gift Assistance
Join Us Christmas Meal
Request Prayer This Christmas
Give Back This Christmas
Donate To The Christmas Appeal
Host A Fundraiser
Volunteer
Corporate
Individual Community
Host Food Toy Drive
Donate A Toy Online This Christmas
Buy Charity Christmas Cards
Kmart Wishing Tree Appeal
Events
Myer Bigger Than Christmas Campaign
For Many Families Christmas Is The Time That Hurts Most
The Salvation Army Australia
XView Wishes Cart0
Need Help?
Get Involved
About Us
Donate
Our Faith
Locations
Contact Us
Donate now
#salvos
You are here: Home › Need Help › Family & Domestic Violence
› Find Help For Domestic Violence
Find help for domestic violence
If you are ever in immediate danger, call the police on 000
You don't have to live with abuse. Support is available.
Safety Plan Emergency Bag Checklist Safer in the home
The Salvation Army has a range of services that can help you find safety and support. Whether it’s psychological, emotional, physical, sexual, verbal, social or financial abuse you’re confronted with, we can talk through your options and work out a course of action.
You can reach out at any time. We offer support, strategies for keeping the family together and help finding the services you need. If you are considering leaving your home, we can help with crisis accommodation. If you and / or your children, or someone you know, is safe right now, but need help, please contact the following service in your state. These services can provide the advice, support and referrals you need to find safety.
If you are not sure which service to contact please call 1800 RESPECT (1800 737 732). If you are unable to make a voice call please contact www.1800respect.org.au to use the web-chat service.
VIC
NSW
QLD
NT
WA
TAS
ACT
SA
Choose your state based on your location
VIC
Safe Steps
Safe Steps Family Violence Response Centre is Victoria’s statewide first response service for women, young people and children experiencing family violence.
Hours of operation - 24/7
Phone - 1800 015 188
Safe Steps website
The Orange Door
The Orange Door is a free service for adults, children and young people who are experiencing or have experienced family violence and families who need extra support with the care of children.
Hours of operation - 9am - 5pm Monday to Friday
Find a service near you:
The Orange Door website
Safer in the Home
Safer in the Home is a program delivered by The Salvation Army and supported by the federal government. It is designed to help women and children experiencing family violence to stay safely in their family homes or their homes of choice.
Call  0418 157 102
Hours of operation: Mon-Fri 8:30am - 5:00pm
More information
NSW
Domestic Violence Line
When you call the Domestic Violence Line, the call will be answered by a trained female counsellor who is sensitive to the needs of women who have experienced domestic and family violence. You can ring as often as you need to at any time, day or night.
Hours of operation - 24/7
Phone - 1800 65 64 63
Domestic Violence Line website
Safer in the Home
Safer in the Home is a program delivered by The Salvation Army and supported by the federal government. It is designed to help women and children experiencing family violence to stay safely in their family homes or their homes of choice.
Call  0418 157 102
Hours of operation: Mon-Fri 8:30am - 5:00pm
More information
QLD
DVConnect
DVConnect provides state-wide domestic, family and sexual violence crisis counselling, intervention, information and pathways to safety (emergency housing and refuge).
Your call will be answered by an experienced domestic violence crisis counsellor. They will ask you a series of questions to understand your situation. They will then provide you with the options available to you so you can decide your next step.
Hours of operation: 24/7
Phone: 1800 811 811
DVConnect website
Safer in the Home
Safer in the Home is a program delivered by The Salvation Army and supported by the federal government. It is designed to help women and children experiencing family violence to stay safely in their family homes or their homes of choice.
Call  0418 157 102
Hours of operation: Mon-Fri 8:30am - 5:00pm
More information
NT
There is no National Helpline in the Northern Territory – please call the service closest to you:
Alice Springs
Alice Springs Women’s Shelter – Phone: 08 8952 6075
Central family violence counsellor – Phone: 08 8952 6075
Central Australian Aboriginal Congress – Phone: 08 8951 4444
NPY Women’s Council domestic violence service – Phone: 1800 180 840 or 08 8958 2374
Women’s information service – Phone: 08 8951 5174
Darwin
Dawn House Phone – 08 8945 1388
Darwin Aboriginal and Indigenous Women’s Shelter Phone – 08 8945 2284
Catherine Booth House (Salvation Army) – Phone: 08 8981 5928
Larrakia Nation – Phone: 1800 101 645
Young Women’s Christian Association (YWCA) – Phone: 08 8932 9155
Katherine
Wurli Wurlingang Health Service – Phone: 08 8972 9100
Katherine Women’s Crisis Centre – Phone: 08 8972 1332
Katherine domestic and family violence counsellor – Phone: 08 8971 0777
Nhulunbuy
Crisis Accommodation Gove – 08 8987 1166
Anglicare Nhulunbuy – 08 8987 3022
Tennant Creek
Tennant Creek Women’s Refuge – Phone: 08 8962 1940
Anyinginyi Health Aboriginal Corporation – Phone: 08 8962 2615
Piliyintinji-Ki Stronger Families Women's Centre – Phone: 08 8962 2074
Barkly Regional Alcohol and Drug Abuse Advisory Group – Phone: 08 8962 1136
CatholicCare – Phone: 08 8962 3065
Safer in the Home
Safer in the Home is a program delivered by The Salvation Army and supported by the federal government. It is designed to help women and children experiencing family violence to stay safely in their family homes or their homes of choice.
Call  0418 157 102
Hours of operation: Mon-Fri 8:30am - 5:00pm
More information
WA
Women’s Domestic Violence Helpline
The Women’s Domestic Violence Helpline provides support and counselling for women experiencing family and domestic violence. This includes phone counselling, information and advice, referral to local support services, contact with police if needed and support in escaping situations of family and domestic violence. The service can also refer women to safe accommodation.
A telephone based interpreting service is available if needed.
Hours of operation – 24/7
Phone – 07 9223 1188 or 1800 007 339
Women's Domestic Violence Helpline website
Safer in the Home
Safer in the Home is a program delivered by The Salvation Army and supported by the federal government. It is designed to help women and children experiencing family violence to stay safely in their family homes or their homes of choice.
Call  0418 157 102
Hours of operation: Mon-Fri 8:30am - 5:00pm
More information
TAS
Family Violence Response and Referral Line
This line offers an information and referral service where callers are able to access counselling, information and other support services.
Hours of operation – 24/7
Phone – 1800 633 937
Tasmania Family Violence Counselling and Support Service
Services are available to anyone, including children and young people, who need support or information because their partner, ex-partner or family member is or has been violent or abusive to them. People can self-refer, or be referred by another person or service.
Hours of operation – 9am to midnight Monday-Friday. 4pm to midnight Saturday, Sunday and public holidays
Phone – 1800 608 122
Website
Safer in the Home
Safer in the Home is a program delivered by The Salvation Army and supported by the federal government. It is designed to help women and children experiencing family violence to stay safely in their family homes or their homes of choice.
Call  0418 157 102
Hours of operation: Mon-Fri 8:30am - 5:00pm
More information
ACT
Domestic Violence Crisis Service
The crisis intervention service provides telephone support, attendance with police at family and domestic violence incidents, access to safe emergency accommodation, safety planning and referrals to support services.
Someone specially trained in crisis intervention and support will answer the call. They do not pressure people to leave, call the police or involve the courts.
Hours of operation – 24/7
Contact – (02) 6280 0900
Website
Safer in the Home
Safer in the Home is a program delivered by The Salvation Army and supported by the federal government. It is designed to help women and children experiencing family violence to stay safely in their family homes or their homes of choice.
Call  0418 157 102
Hours of operation: Mon-Fri 8:30am - 5:00pm
More information
SA
Domestic Violence Crisis Line
The Domestic Violence Crisis Line is a state-wide service offering assistance to women experiencing domestic violence in South Australia by providing information, counselling and safe accommodation options.
Hours of operation – 24/7
Phone – 1800 800 098
Safer in the Home
Safer in the Home is a program delivered by The Salvation Army and supported by the federal government. It is designed to help women and children experiencing family violence to stay safely in their family homes or their homes of choice.
Call  0418 157 102
Hours of operation: Mon-Fri 8:30am - 5:00pm
More information
Safety plan
It is helpful to have a safety plan in place to protect yourself and your children while you are experiencing family violence. These actions can help you as you plan your next step:
Report every instance of violence and abuse to the police
Have a mobile phone with you at all times in case you need to call 000
Ask neighbours to call the police on 000 if they hear fighting, shouting or noises that sound like violence
Keep the numbers of your local police station, taxi service, any emergency accommodation and domestic violence service providers in your mobile or wallet
Keep records of any contact with your current or former partner, including saving abusive text messages, voice mail messages, emails, and social media posts or messages, and report them to the police
Keep in touch with your support worker (if you have one)
Install the free Daisy app on your mobile phone (if it is safe to do so)
Clear the online search history on your computer, device and on social media and try to use a computer or device outside of the home, such as friend’s phone or computer at a library
If possible, have a spare mobile phone with prepaid credit on it
Have a list of places you can go where you feel safe
Locate accommodation that will take pets or find carers for your pets, you can find these through the state-wide services listed above
Do a practice run if possible
Have an emergency bag packed for when you feel unsafe or things get out of control
Emergency bag checklist
Cash, debit and credit cards
Bank account details
Medicare card, medical records, prescriptions
Your’s and your children's ID, such as driver's licence, birth certificates, passports
Lease or rental agreement, or mortgage papers
Centrelink info, tax file number
Legal papers, such as residency documents
Copies of Domestic or Family Violence Orders (ADVO)
Clothing for you and your children
Recent photo of your ex-partner
Spare key to your house and car
Personal items such as your jewellery or the kids' toys
1800RESPECT have created a helpful downloadable checklist to help.
Staying safe in your home
The National Safer in the Home (SITH) program is a family violence support program funded by the Commonwealth Government and delivered by The Salvation Army.
The program aims to assist women and children experiencing family violence to stay safe in their family home or home of choice. The program recognises that it should ALWAYS be a woman’s right to remain in her home and not to uproot her and her children’s lives due to family violence.
In partnership with Protective Group, the National Safer in the Home program provides victim-survivors with a comprehensive personal and property safety assessment, basic security upgrades and technology assistance where required. The service is confidential, free and sensitive to the needs of women from all cultural backgrounds and communities. Safer in the Home can provide – to women who are not connected to a family violence service – risk assessment, safety planning, and targeted case management complemented by referral and advocacy support.
The program may also be a more appropriate choice for:
Aboriginal women who want to stay connected to their family, community and remain on country
Women living in remote and rural communities where they experience limited access to specialist family violence services
Women with disabilities whose houses have been upgraded to meet their specific needs
Women from culturally and linguistically diverse (CALD) backgrounds wishing to stay connected to and supported by their community
For more information on the Safer in the Home program and/or referral:
Website Link: https://www.salvationarmy.org.au/need-help/family-and-domestic-violence/find-help-for-domestic-violence/safer-in-the-home/
Case Study: Help and hope is available
Kate* and her two young children came to The Salvation Army Family Violence Services (FVS) after experiencing significant family violence perpetrated by her ex-husband and his family.
Kate spoke very little English and did not know where to turn for support. When she presented at the service she and her two young children were homeless after fleeing the family home. They were fearful for their lives and had no money and no belongings.
In the days that followed, FVS was able to find emergency accommodation for the family, support Kate to link in with Centrelink to access financial assistance and provide clothing, toys, toiletries and food to the family.
Over the next few months, FVS supported Kate to obtain long-term safe housing, link the family with health services and legal support and the children in with schooling and childcare.
At the end of the support period the family was thriving. They were living in safe and stable accommodation, while the children were attending school and child care. Kate was able to secure a job, which gave her a steady income and they were beginning to recover from the impact of the violence they had experienced.
*name changed for privacy
Related links
Family and Domestic Violence
Find help for domestic violence
Safer in the Home
Learn more about domestic violence
Vulnerable groups
Police, protection orders, court and legal matters
Resources
About us and our services
Men's services
Family, domestic violence and children
Top