http://www.statewidedocuments.com/privacy.php
Skip to Primary Navigation
Skip to Secondary Navigation
Skip to Content
Skip to Company Address
Nationwide Mobile Loan & Mortgage Closing Services
Call 888.288.0572
Primary Navigation
Home
Client Services
Employment
About Us
Testimonials
News
Glossary of Terms
Contact Us
Search:
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Statewide Document Services I Inc. respects each individual's right to personal privacy.
We collect and use information through our web site in the ways disclosed in this statement.
This statement applies solely to information collected at Statewide Document Services I Inc.'s web site.
Information Collection
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive.
By showing us how and when customers use our site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information. In the future, we may use cookies to speed navigation, keep track of items and provide you with custom-tailored content.
Many improvements and updates to our site are based on the data derived from these cookies, such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies.
What is your policy if I link to a third-party web site?
When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, Statewide Document Services I Inc. cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site.
How will Statewide Document Services I Inc. Use My Information?
Any email or contact information you provide to Statewide Document Services I Inc. is considered strictly confidential and will be used only to communicate with you. We do not provide your information to any third party for the purposes of marketing or promotions.
Statewide Document Services I Inc. may occasionally send informational or promotional email communications to you. If at any time, you do not want to receive these communications or choose to receive only certain types of information, please contact Statewide Document Services I Inc. and communication status will be modified to respect your request.
Will Statewide Document Services I Inc. Release My Information?
Statewide Document Services I Inc. will only release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements, or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of Statewide Document Services I Inc. our users, or others. Information will not be released under any other circumstances.
Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact Statewide Document Services I Inc. by email.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Statewide Document Services I Inc.. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
These terms are subject to change.
This privacy policy was last modified on January 27, 2010.
Top
Secondary Navigation
Client Services
Notary
Mobile Notary Signings
Notary Signing Services
Mortgage
Mobile Mortgage Closings
Mortgage Closing Services
All Loans
Mobile Loan Closings
Loan Closing Services
Common Loan Types
Mortgage Closings
Refinance Closings
Reverse Mortgage Closings
Home Equity Loan Closings
FHA Loan Closings
Loan Modifications
Other Services
Bank Card Advances
Pre-Closing Packages
Notarized Cash Purchases
Settlement Closing Services
Contact Us / Info
Schedule a Closing
Request Information
The Statewide Advantage
FAQs
Employment
Signing Agents
Attorneys
Employment FAQs
Procedures
Loan Documents
Application Packages
Attorney
Notary
Invoice Form
Indianapolis Headquarters: P.O. Box 6336, Fishers, IN 46038
Tel: 317.203.7900 - Toll Free: 888.288.0572 - Fax: 317.203.7910
Email: mail@statewidedocuments.com
Statewide Document Services I Inc. provides notaries for loan closing services nationwide, including the following states: Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Montana, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North & South Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, North & South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
© 2003-2020 Statewide Document Services I Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Top of Page