http://www.cowgirl.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyWeb Site Privacy PolicyThe National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame is committed to protecting the privacy of its online guests, customers, members, and patrons.This privacy policy applies to transactions made, and data gathered, on the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame website. By using the Museum website or communicating with the Museum by e-mail, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.Privacy PolicyThe National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame website offers broad public access to and use of a wide range of information comprised of data, images, and text files to visitors of all ages. We are dedicated to safeguarding all information collected online.To help ensure a rewarding online experience for all visitors, the Museum provides this summary of our information practices. This privacy notice governs the collection and use of information on our web sites.As the Museum continues to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, we may modify our practices from time to time. However, we will treat all personal information collected in accordance with the privacy notice in effect at the time the information is collected.Personal Information CollectedThe National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame uses visitors’ personal information for internal purposes only. We may also use personal information provided by shoppers to send them, by e-mail or direct mail, notification of special offers or sale events. We may also use your contact information to notify you about upcoming events and or exhibitions. If you do not want to receive information, you will have the opportunity to opt out.We never sell, rent, or otherwise share our visitors’ personal information with third parties. We will disclose information we maintain as required by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a specific law enforcement agency’s request.Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and SponsorsThe National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame website may contain links to other sites, including those of sponsors and advertisers, whose information gathering policies and practices may differ from ours. Visitors should consult the privacy notices of these third party sites’ since they are not covered by our privacy policy.Contact UsIf you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy policy and/or practices, please contact us at the following e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number:
National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame
1720 Gendy St
Fort Worth, TX 76107info@cowgirl.net817-336-4475