http://www.longislandpersonals.com/privacy.asp
PRIVACY POLICY FOR LongIslandPersonals.com
THIS DOCUMENT WAS LAST UPDATED ON August 22, 2014
Please read the following document carefully, as it outlines our privacy policy. It will serve to explain what personal information our Service will gather from you, and when this information is used. If you do not agree to these policies and/or are uncomfortable with them, you may not use the service and should not proceed to register. By using the Service after July 19, 2003 you are agreeing to the policies outlined in this document, including all amendments made to date.
We understand that your privacy is very important to you. That's why we've developed this policy to ensure that your privacy is protected while using our Service.
About LongIslandPersonals.com and Information We Collect
LongIslandPersonals.com is an online network which provides facilities for fostering relationships online. In our online registration form, we ask you to provide us with certain information such as your name, county, and the type of relationship you are looking for. Only certain of these fields will be visible to other members of the site. Those fields are labeled as such on the registration form.
A valid email address is required for registration and for contact purposes. This is used to safeguard your use of our service.
Control of Your Password
You must not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any third parties. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. You are ultimately responsible for all actions taken on this Service that appears to originate from your membership name. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.
Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information (Your Profile)
Once you register, you will be able to review and change your personally identifiable information from the "Edit Profile" option, found in the "MY ACCOUNT" link. All fields may be modified with the exception of your username. Please promptly update your information if it changes.
Use of Cookies
LongIslandPersonals.com uses Active Server Pages ("ASP") for programming many of it's WebPages. This technology requires our users to have cookies enabled on their web browser. Although cookies have unfortunately been given a bad reputation by the intentions of clever online marketing agencies, cookies continue to be a valuable tool for maintaining a user's session 'state.' By it's nature, HTTP and the World Wide Web are 'stateless.' Cookies help to alleviate this problem. Long Island Personals assures our users that cookies are only used to authenticate users from page to page.
We do not currently collect personal identifying information (the "Information") except 1) to the extent that your web browser provides Information to our web server, like the site you linked from, the identity of your Internet Service Provider, or the type of browser you are using, 2) to the extent that you provide Information to us in an e-mail message, and 3) to the extent that you provide Information to us in a CGI form (for example, when you complete a search request).
If you do not have cookies enabled, you will unfortunately not be able to use our system. If you have concerns about cookies, or need assistance on how to enable the cookies on your system, please contact us at support@longislandpersonals.com
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We DO NOT sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you, including but not limited to, your emails, addresses, names, and phone numbers,
to any third party without your permission. We may, however, disclose information in aggregate to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we DO NOT disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you. We will cooperate with authorities in order to assist in an investigation of harassment, or other violations.
If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will update this Privacy Policy document. At our discretion, we may in some cases, also email registered users, notifying them of the changes in this privacy policy.
Our Use of Your Information
Longislandpersonals.com will use your Information only for that specific purpose for which you submitted the Information, except that we may use Information we obtain from our site in an aggregated form in order to gauge the usefulness and popularity of our web pages, or certain links to or from our site.
Many sites automatically collect and use similar information.
We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor your online experience to meet your needs. We may also use demographic information about you to deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners and promotions.
Opt In
We may send periodic informational updates to our members via email, if you have chosen to 'opt-in' from the REGISTRATION or EDIT PROFILE forms. (At our discretion, in some cases, we may email registered users, notifying them of changes in this privacy policy.)
Links
Please be aware that we link to other sites that are independent of Longislandpersonals.com.
As such, we encourage you to refer to each site's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for their use of cookies and personal information.
Our Use of Other Users' Information
LongIslandPersonals.com does not tolerate Spam; harassment; threats or unsolicited unpaid advertising.
Deletion of Account
If the need arises to delete your account, you may request to do so via email. In order to process a deletion request, your email must state your username, password, real name, and reason for this request. You can email this request to membership@longislandpersonals.com
Billing
All payment information that is on the payment page including your e-mail address, credit card number (or check routing and account number), expiration date, first name, last name, address, city, state, zip, country, is received and stored with 2Checkout.com, our authorized payment processor, on their secure payment gateway.
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) is used for all financial transactions to ensure your security.
If you have any questions, please refer to their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at www.2checkout.com.
Privacy Policy Updates
This Privacy Policy may change at any time. It is your sole responsibility to revisit this page to review our privacy policy updates.
The most recent version of our Privacy Policy is always available from the bottom of most pages on the site.
(c) Long Island Personals, 2002 - 2015.