http://www.americanlutheranhomes.com/hippa-privacy/
+
Aa
-
Since American Lutheran Homes is committed to presenting a rich Internet experience, we have prepared this Privacy Policy to disclose our information collection, utilization, and dissemination practices for this web site. Any questions or comments about this policy should be directed to our Webmaster at webmaster@americanlutheranhomes.com.
Introduction
We want to build on the loyal relationship American Lutheran Homes has with its visitors and customers. Our commitment to you begins with respecting your privacy. As you choose to share your interests and preferences with us, we will be able to make your online experience with us more enjoyable and rewarding.
If you choose to provide us with personal information, we will be better able to reciprocate by providing you a more personalized experience over time. But, it's your choice. And, we will protect your privacy as explained in this policy.
If you choose, we will contact you regularly by e-mail. We will ask you to tell us what you like and what we should add or change. If you don't want to participate, just tell us.
If you request that we not contact you for marketing purposes, we will not. However, if you are interested, we may keep you informed of special offers on products and services.
Introduction
1. Children's Privacy Policy 2. Types and Uses of Information Collected from You 3. Access to Personal Information for Reviewing, Editing, and/or Removing 4. Security 5. Acceptance of Terms 6. Contacting Us
Children's Privacy Policy
Children under 13 should not access any interactive portion of this website without first obtaining parental permission. If a child under 13 years of age wants to participate on our web site, we encourage the child's parents to participate in his/her experience on our site. We welcome family participation.
Types and Uses of Information Collected from You
American Lutheran Homes collects a variety of information in several ways.
Personal Information - Generally, you can visit our site without revealing any personal information about yourself. At times, though, we may need information about you. Unless otherwise indicated, the information we request is optional. We will specify which information is mandatory at the appropriate data entry points.
If you chose to provide us with personal information that we or the companies doing business with us may need (for example, to process an order or to correspond with you), we will use such information, in accordance with this policy. If you ask us to not use this information as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your request.
Our site collects information from our subscription registration forms. At these places, we ask you to give us contact information (like name and email address).
We may use contact information to (i) send you information about our company, and promotional material from the businesses doing business with us; (ii) contact you when necessary; and/or (iii) share with other companies who may want to contact you;. As stated below, you may opt-out of being contacted in the future.
We may use unique identifiers to verify your identity, for use in our record system, and for marketing purposes.
We may use financial information to check your qualifications and bill you for products ordered and services used. When you transmit credit card information to us, the credit card information is encrypted with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
We reserve the right to use the information that you give us and to disclose it to third parties to provide you with information about products and services. If you do not want to receive correspondence related to American Lutheran Homes or other promotions or products, please indicate your preference by opting-out as described below.
Information From Your Computer - Our site recognizes information about your computer, such as the browser, operating system, IP address, and the home server from which you access the Internet. We keep track of the domains from which people visit our site. Your IP address is used to help identify you , gather broad demographic data, identify trends and statistics, help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. We may use your IP address information when compiling and reporting aggregate information to companies doing business with us. We normally do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information; however, when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our terms of service or to protect our service, site, customers, visitors, or others, we may use IP addresses to identify a visitor.
Cookies - Our site uses "cookies" to provide information on your computer. Cookies are pieces of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive. Cookies save your preferences while you are at our site, and we may use them to provide you with tailored information. Our site may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, track visitor trends and practices, to save your password so you do not have to enter it every time you visit our site, to store visitor names and passwords, store and retrieve log-in information, , and to otherwise customize your experience. In addition, cookies allow us to measure and report aggregate information to advertisers such as the number of people who see their ad and the number of times people see their ad. Also, cookies help us determine which areas of our site are popular by tracking hits to those areas. With the exception of your password, we may share this information with third parties. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent, or to reject cookies.
Other Information Practices - We supplement information received from you with information received from third parties.
In addition to the situations described above, we may disclose visitor information in special instances when we have reason to believe disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with American Lutheran Homes 's rights or property, other americanlutheranhomes.com visitors, or anyone else. We may disclose visitor information when subpoenaed, for government investigations, and when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it.
American Lutheran Homes may, from time to time, share information received from you or your computer with other entities such as advertisers on our web site or companies doing business with American Lutheran Homes. We reserve the right to distribute your information to third parties at any time, unless you opt-out by asking us to remove your information from our databases and discontinue providing you with information. We reserve the right to sell, rent, lease, or otherwise distribute any information we obtain on or from you to third parties.
www.americanlutheranhomes.com contains links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites. You should check the privacy policies of these other Web sites when providing personally identifiable information.
Other Information Practices
American Lutheran Homes cannot and does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services. You transmit information to us at your own risk.
Acceptance of Terms
American Lutheran Homes reserves the right to amend this policy at any time by notifying visitors of the existence of a new privacy policy. This privacy policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. By using this site, you signify that you understand the terms of the www.americanlutheranhomes.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the American Lutheran Homes web site following the posting of changes or amendments to these terms constitutes acceptance of such changes and amendments. American Lutheran Homes makes no guarantees about the availability or functionality of the website. Although we strive to have correct information on our website, we make no guarantee about its accuracy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this site, please contact:
American Lutheran Homes P.O. Box 287 Eau Claire, WI 54702 715.832.3003
Here for you every step of the way.
Contact us to find out how we can help you.
Contact Us Today
×