http://www.fspa.org/content/s/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright
All contents displayed on this website are copyrighted © Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration. All names, titles, logos, images, icons, graphics, scripts, photographs, themes, layouts and other tangible and intangible aspects are the property of the Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration and/or organizations represented by its members. Website materials may not be reproduced electronically for reasons other than offline viewing without prior written permission.
Privacy
Material on this website has been posted for the convenience and general information of persons interested in religious women, their ministries and issues of concern to them, their affiliates, co-ministers, and persons who have or wish to have association with them or learn about them.
Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to anonymously and in aggregate report on visits to this website.
Disclaimer and Waiver of Liability
Links to other websites from this site are for user’s convenience only and do not represent endorsement. By providing these links, the Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration assumes no responsibility for, nor does it necessarily endorse, these websites, their content or their sponsoring organizations. Links are screened for relationship and importance to other posted information, significance and timeliness of materials contained on the linked site, and availability of system resources. Changes are made regularly to posted information.
General Data Protection Regulation
The following Privacy Policy statements will apply to all new users (to include contacts, registrants, etc.) and all users in the EU/EEA member countries. The new Privacy Policy went into effect June 23, 2018 for users outside the EU/EEA member countries who signed up for programs or services on or after May 25, 2018. The policy was reviewed and approved to meet California Consumer Privacy Act for all California residents who signed up for programs or services on or after Jan. 1, 2020.
Personal data collected is solely for Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration use to contact individuals regarding prayer requests, employment opportunities, email inquiries, send publications and email announcements, and/or record donations. We do not share this information with any other parties, but do use service providers for mailing and emailing services. If an individual receives information from us via postal service or email, they will be removed from contact once they unsubscribe or notify us. We will either remove the contact from our database, or indicate their record with "No Mail," "Do Not Solicit," "No Email" and/or "Anonymous."
We support and are compliant with the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in effect as of May 25, 2018, and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in effect as of Jan. 1, 2020, which provides rights to individuals, including:
Right of access: Individuals can ask for a copy of the personal data retained about them and an explanation of how it is being used.
Right to rectification: Individuals have the right to correct, revise or remove any of the personal data retained about them at any time.
Right to be forgotten: Individuals can ask to delete their personal data.
Right to restrict processing: If an individual believes, for example, that their personal data is inaccurate or collected unlawfully, the individual may request limited use of their personal data.
Right of portability: Individuals have the right to receive their personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to object: Where an individual decides that they no longer wish to allow their personal data to be included in analytics or to receive direct marketing pieces, emails or other personalized (targeted) marketing content at any time, the individual may opt out of use of their data for these purposes.
Please note that these rights are not absolute, and limitations/exceptions may apply in some cases.
You can withdraw your permission to receive our emails or blogs at any time by using the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every email you receive from us.
You can withdraw your permission to receive any of our mailed publications at any time by emailing communications@fspa.org or writing to Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration, attn.: Communications, 912 Market St., La Crosse, WI 54601.
Tweet
newsletter sign-up:
next