http://www.teacherview.com/privacy.htm
Go to....
Home
Activity Pages
Classroom Extras
Ecards
Lesson Plans
Movie of the Day
Resource Library
Teacher's Lounge
Teacher Toolbox
Teaching With Joy
Theme Units
Writing Center
Privacy Policy
TeacherView.com
has created this privacy statement in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The
following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
TeacherView.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with
our server and to administer our Web site.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the
same ad repeatedly.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad companies to display ads on our site.
These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in
other parts of our Web site, cookies received with
banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do
not have access to this information. You can view the
privacy policies for each ad company by following the
links below:
BURST! Media: http://www.burstmedia.com/release/privacy_content.htm
ClickAgents:
http://valueclick.com/privacy.html
ValueClick: http://valueclick.com/privacy.html
Commission Junction: http://www.commissionjunction.com/privacy.asp
FastClick: http://www.fastclick.com/about/privacy2.html
ClickXchange:
http://www.clickxchange.com/privacy.phtml
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us
contact information (like their name and email).
Contact information from the registration forms is used
to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for financial
information (like account or credit card numbers), and
demographic information (like zip code, age, or income
level).
Financial information that is collected is used for
other purposes.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our
site.
This information is shared with Advertisers on an
aggregate basis. We use this data to tailor our
visitor's experience at our site showing them content
that we think they might be interested in, and
displaying the content according to their preferences.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. TeacherView.com
is not responsible for the Privacy practices or the
content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
We are partnered with
PrimaryGames.com. Information
collected on this site is shared with PrimaryGames.com.
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at
both sites showing them content that we think they might
be interested in, and displaying the content according
to their preferences.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards,
and/or news groups available to its users. Please
remember that any information that is disclosed in these
areas becomes public information and you should exercise
caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the
loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under
our control.
Children's Guidelines
We care about children and understand that they have
special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the
following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties
personally identifiable information without prior
verifiable parental consent.
We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat
rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services
that would give the child the ability to publicly post
or otherwise distribute personally identifiable
information without prior verifiable parental consent
When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we
will only use the online contact information (such as
email) to:
Respond directly to the child's request on a one-time
basis and not use that information to re-contact the
child for other purposes.
Request the name or online contact information of a
parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental
consent or providing parental notification.
Respond more than once directly to a specific request
from a child (such as in the case where a child requests
a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact
the child for other purposes. We will use our best
efforts to provide parental notification, which will
include the nature and intended use as well as an
opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the
information and participation in the activity.
We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information
than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or
service.
We will provide the parent a description of the specific
types of a personally identifiable information collected
from their child upon request. We will allow the parent
to refuse further use or future online collection of
personally identifiable information and provide a way
for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable
information collected from their child.
We will provide notice to children in age appropriate
terms of what personally identifiable information is to
be collected.
We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are
unsuitable for children.
We will encourage children to get their parent's
permission before sharing personal information online.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving promotional/marketing information from us.You can send email to
unsubscribe@teacherview.com
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing
and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to
webmaster@teacherview.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement,
the practices of this site, or your dealings with this
Web site, you can contact:
webmaster@teacherview.com
Generated by
Privacy Wizard
FAQ l Privacy l About Us l Survey l Advertise l
Contact Us
Search This Site
Last Updated:
08/12/2010                                                                    Copyright © 2000-2007 TeacherView.com