https://www.turnerlawoffices.com/nashville-criminal-lawyer/invasions-of-privacy/
Call For Free Initial Consultation
(615) 259-2660
(615) 259-2660
Divorce
How To File For Divorce
Tennessee Divorce Law
Alimony
Annulment
Dividing Property & Debt
Grounds for Divorce
High Asset Divorce
Legal Separation
Prenuptial Agreements
Uncovering Hidden Assets & Income
Uncontested Divorce
Uncontested Divorce Hearing
Contested Divorce
Same-Sex Divorce
Military Divorce
Mediation in Divorce
Female Divorce Attorney in TN
Divorce FAQs
Free Divorce Consultation
Child Custody
Nashville Custody Overview
Tennessee Custody Laws
Child Custody Criteria
Modification of Child Custody
Parental Relocation
Paternity
Child Custody FAQs
Free Child Custody Evaluation
Child Support
Nashville Child Support Overview
Tennessee Guidelines for Child Support
Tennessee Calculator for Child Support
Modifying Child Support in Nashville
Child Support Enforcement in Nashville
Child Support FAQs
Free Child Support Case Evaluation
DUI
DUI Law Overview
Blood-Alcohol Concentration (BAC) Testing
Tennessee DUI Law: Field Sobriety Tests
DUI Injuries
DUI FAQs
Free DUI Consultation
Criminal Law
Criminal Law Overview
Criminal Attorney in Nashville
Criminal Contempt
Rights of a Criminal Defendant
Probation Sentences
Probation Violations
Juvenile Delinquency
Assault Laws in Nashville
Theft and Property Crimes
Sex Offenses
Cyber Crimes in TN
Invasion of Privacy Laws
Drug Offenses
Criminal Homicide
Criminal Law FAQs
Free Criminal Case Consultation
Probate
Wills and Trusts
Will Contests
Estate Planning
Conservatorship
Guardianship
Probate FAQs
Free Probate Consultation
Injury Law
Personal Injury Overview
Auto Accidents
Medical Malpractice
Truck Accidents
Wrongful Death
Worker’s Comp
Injury Law FAQs
Free Personal Injury Consultation
Business
Business Bankruptcy
Business Court
Business Formation in Nashville
Business Dissolution in Nashville
Corporate & Partnership Disputes
Business Litigation in Nashville
Contract Negotiations in Nashville
Contract Disputes in Nashville
Breach of Contract
Business Torts in Nashville
Employment Agreements in Nashville
Collections Procedures in Nashville
Other Areas
Order of Protection
Bankruptcy
Bankruptcy Fraud
Debt Relief
Filing Bankruptcy
Mediation Services
Driver’s License Offenses
CDL Violation Attorney
Driving With a Revoked or Suspended License
Traffic Tickets in Tennessee
Business Law
Immigration Law
Criteria for Extraordinary Ability
Extraordinary Ability Green Card
Family-Based Immigration
Natural Birth Citizenship
Social Security Disability
Juvenile Law
Entertainment Law
Copyright Law
Appellate Practice
Family Law
Contempt
Blog
Make A Payment
Home » Choose the Right Criminal Defense Lawyer! » Invasion of Privacy Laws
Invasion of Privacy Laws
United States citizens are guaranteed the right to privacy, and breaches of this right on behalf of any party are considered criminal acts. It’s important to know how Tennessee state legislation defines privacy invasions, in order to both protect yourself against potential injustices and ensure that an invasion of privacy is not committed accidentally. Legal representation is also crucial for any case involving this type of crime — but before such steps are even taken, it’s a good idea to acquaint oneself with the legalities.
Categories of Privacy Invasion
Tennessee law recognizes various differentiations of privacy invasions, depending on the circumstances of the crime. Consequences for each of the following crimes vary depending on the recognized severity:
Interceptions: This type of crime applies to nonconsensual recording or dissemination of a transmission between two parties via phone, radio, or an alternative form of two-way communication. Publication of such an interception qualifies as a Class E felony, otherwise these transgressions merit Class A misdemeanor charges.
Electronic Tracking Devices (on vehicles): Unless implanted by a law enforcement official for purposes in accordance to state and federal legislation, the installation or hiding of electronic tracking devices on a vehicle without consent of the vehicle’s owner is considered an invasion of privacy. These offenses are classified as Class C misdemeanors.
Unlawful Observation: Observation of an individual, without prior acknowledgment and consent of the individual in question, is considered a crime if the viewing occurs in a location where privacy could be reasonably expected. These crimes are classified as Class A  misdemeanors.
Photography Without Consent: As with unlawful observation, photography of an individual in a location of reasonably expected privacy is considered a criminal offense. Such crimes are considered Class A misdemeanors, unless photographs captured under such circumstances are displayed before other persons, in which case the crime is elevated to the status of a Class E felony.
Electric Surveillance: Also known as “wiretapping,” interception of communications via electronic or oral means is considered a criminal offense if the persons whose transmissions are breached have not consented to the use of intercepting technology. Whether these types of charges qualify as misdemeanors or felonies depends on the circumstances, particularly the prospective publication of the intercepted conversation.
Damages and Limitations
Any United States citizen who has fallen victim to an invasion of privacy is guaranteed the right to pursue compensation through litigation from the offender in question. Typically, this means some variation of statutory damages, punitive damages, court and attorneys fees, as well as the net total of any actual damages calculated as a consequence of the offense.
It should be noted that privacy invasion lawsuits must be filed within 2 years of the victim’s discovery of a violation.
Hire Nashville Privacy Invasion Attorneys
At Turner Law Offices, P.C., our team of attorneys has years of experience working with clients across a wide range of circumstances related to invasions of privacy. Whether you’re the victim of such a crime, or accused of committing an act of privacy invasion, we know the most efficient means of pursuing a satisfactory resolution. Call today, or go online to set up your Free Initial Consultation, and meet with a skilled lawyer who’s ready and waiting to get you on track toward the compensation you deserve.
(615) 259-2660
Seen me at a moment's notice; walked me thru the upcoming process.
M.H., Nashville, TN
January 22, 2018
Rob has been honest with me. He doesn't sugarcoat anything.
A.O., Nashville, TN
January 20, 2018
Everything was explained to me and what steps would be taking going forward.
M. B., Nashville, TN
January 18, 2018
The process so far has been quick and easy.
C.B., Murfreesboro, TN
January 16, 2018
We cannot say enough good things about the Turner Law Offices. Their professional and personal assistance in our child custody matter has literally changed the life of our kids. Rob and his associates provide ongoing legal expertise in and out of the courtroom. They've been with us in mediation and litigation and continue to fight for what's best for our kids. If you want to feel like you've got not only a highly competent attorney but a friend, Rob Turner is your man. Highly satisfied client
J.L., Kingston Springs, TN
January 9, 2018
Fast and efficient!
I.P., Murfreesboro, TN
January 8, 2018
I was very impressed with the courtesy we were shown and the ease put in our minds. Also loved that I could ask a question and have my answer explained several different ways until I fully understood the answer.
J. B., Columbia, TN
January 7, 2018
Great team to work with!
W. J., Nashville, TN
January 7, 2018
Very professional & sufficient service,but kind and understanding to ones personal issues at hand,my attorney assigned to me was " AWESOME" !!! I will be recommending your Law Firm to others,if I could do a commercial on behalf of your Law Firm ...I would not hesitate.....Thank You for your time & efforts.
R.D., Nashville, TN
January 5, 2018
I give you a 10 because of your efficiency!
J.D., Nashville, TN
December 22, 2017
Seems confident and non judgmental. Thank you
P.F., Murfreesboro, TN
December 21, 2017
The Associate Mr Knapp was very informative and the wait was not long and Trevor was very helpful when I ask questions about paperwork.
M.G., Lebanon, TN
December 10, 2017
Mr. Turner was very responsive and was there to see me very fast. He was very reassuring when we talked and was able to help me get bonded out in a difficult situation. I would recommend his office for any legal needs.
D.B., Nashville, TN
December 7, 2017
Have taken time to continue to work with me in my case as we settle until we reach agreements.
J.F., Springfield, TN
December 7, 2017
Fantastic professional and right to the point thank you
C.B., Nashville, TN
December 5, 2017
They got me in the same day I called. They're helpful and polite. They understand my situation and explained what happens next. In term I could understand.
K.U., Clarksville, TN
December 2, 2017
Was client with this firm 3 different times and always done right by me.
S.C., Columbia, TN
December 1, 2017
Austin Trevor and Ryan have all done an amazing job!
December 1, 2017
Quick, efficient, assuring...I felt at ease and well represented.
S.K., Nashville, TN
November 22, 2017
Everybody at Turner Law Offices has been awesome with my case so far and its almost over and I have Turner Law to thank for that!  Thanks guys.  Keep up the good work!
A.N., Nashville, TN
November 10, 2017
Very efficient / problem with parking but very helpful with a payment plan.
D.C., Nashville, TN
November 7, 2017
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for all you and your office staff do for me and my girls....
J.G., Nashville, TN
November 7, 2017
I chose a 10 because they are very knowledgeable and efficient, also very kind.
S.B., Nashville, TN
October 23, 2017
Turner Law firm acted promptly to my concerns & issues very soon after I had contacted the Firm,they listened ,responded, and started on my case ,"Professionals in their field".
R.L., Nashville, TN
October 17, 2017
I talked to him on phone once and I met him once seemed to me he knows his job well.
I feel happy with him.
S.A., Nashville, TN
October 12, 2017
Ryan has been very easy to work with. He calmly and clearly answers all of my questions and has been easy to work with.
S.R., Nashville, TN
October 1, 2017
Everyone has been very professional, inquisitive and empathetic . . . Thank You very much for all you have done thus far.
S.B., Murfreesboro, TN
September 17, 2017
The well being of my children is of highest priority to me. I will have only one opportunity for to raise them well. Rob is helping make sure I get that opportunity. He is a capable, caring attorney whom I trust. He has worked effectively to help protect my children from the harm they were experiencing. He has helped deliver them from a very destructive situation that would have had catastrophic life long consequences. I cannot express how thankful I am for all he has done for our family.
J.R., Ashland City, TN
September 15, 2017
10--Because I think that Mr. Turner and his law team are the best!
S.K., Nashville, TN
September 11, 2017
Your firm did an amazing excellent job representing me during the divorce. . . .
P.B, Nashville, TN
September 7, 2017
Friendly and professional. I was extremely satisfied with my representation and the results.
E.B., Nashville, TN
August 23, 2017
Professional approach to my issue; good communication, reasonable fees; so far so good!
F.D., Nashville, TN
August 21, 2017
Have been very informative and understanding and receptive on my legal matter and reasonable.
S.C., Nashville, TN
August 9, 2017
Turner Law Offices is doing a good job I have confidence in his representation of my case.
A.A., Nashville, TN
August 1, 2017
My attorney was polite and professional on time for court and my result was better than I had hoped for.
E.A., Nashville, TN
July 11, 2017
Working quickly and efficiently. Seems to have my best interests in mind.
B.E., Nashville, TN
July 7, 2017
Rob has always been accommodating to my schedule, knows his stuff, and his practice associates are always friendly and professional!
J.B., Nashville, TN
June 17, 2017
The whole team went above and beyond. If you're looking for sincere commitment, Turner's your best bet.
N.L., Murfreesboro, TN
June 7, 2017
Turner Law Offices has been incredibly responsive throughout this process. I am very pleased with how quickly the divorce proceeded, and am hopeful we will settle financial matters (401k) soon.
S.A., Nashville, TN
June 7, 2017
I think he did a great job in court! When the judge seemed indecisive, Rob was quick on his feet and made a great point to the judge who then swiftly ruled in my favor for that day.
M.L., Franklin
March 24, 2017
Excellent customer service! I couldn't ask for a better law firm to represent me.
A.M., Nashville, TN
February 7, 2017
Mr. Turner has invested a lot of time and energy into our case.  We appreciate his effort and courtesy!
S.J., Nashville
October 31, 2016
He's a great lawyer.
S.K, Nashville, TN
October 31, 2016
I just wanted to tell you that Joseph Tutro has done an outstanding job helping me with my case.  Thank You.
C.O, White House, TN
October 31, 2016
I haven't had any bumps along this Journey!  I also feel confident in who I chose to help me, Turner Law Office makes me feel confident!!  Thank you.  PS I would refer my friends and family!!!
M.A., Nashville
October 31, 2016
Turner has been honest, and has done exactly what they said they would do.
C.G., Nashville
October 31, 2016
Rob is an awesome attorney!
N.P., Nashville
October 31, 2016
Turner Law Offices is a great law firm.  They are willing to work with me on my payments too.
G.D., Nashville
October 31, 2016
Mr. Turner is one hot dude. . . and an excellent lawyer too!!
R.S., Springfield
October 31, 2016
Rob, you're so appreciated!  Thank you for all of your patience.
R.F., Nashville
October 28, 2016
I wanted to say Thank You for taking the time to meet with me last week.  I was impressed with your knowledge and professionalism.  I look forward to seeing you in Court; I'm not going to lay down and let her kick me.
B.S.
Nashville, TN
February 18, 2015
Thank you for helping our family in a time of great need.  It was a situation filled with anxiety and unknowns, but because of you, we survived.  Thank you for working with us!
L.B., Donelson
November 19, 2014
I want to say your associate did an excellent job and I appreciate you all’s representation. He really, REALLY did an excellent job!
C.S.
Nashville, TN
July 6, 2014
The professionalism was far better than I had hoped. The Attorneys at Turner went above and beyond to help me through my legal Problem.
B.G.
Franklin, TN
July 6, 2014
I am the mother of [your client] and I want you to know that you guys did a great job yesterday in my daughter's trial. I am so proud of you guys and the job you did. Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
G.P.
Nashville, TN
July 6, 2014
I want to thank you again for your representation in my case. You did an amazing job, and I truly appreciate all of your support.
M.H.
Franklin, TN
July 6, 2014
Thank you so much for your time and advise concerning my son's case. I greatly appreciate how professional and diligent you conduct yourself toward making a difference. Thank you again!
E.R.
Gallatin, TN
July 6, 2014
There are not thanks enough but heartfelt thanks is what we have to offer to God for your assistance and counsel in our case. [The child] literally leapt for joy and then collapsed in relief upon hearing that the judge had signed an order that she di
J.L.
Ashland City, TN
July 6, 2014
Thank you for your services. If I ever, and I mean EVER, need legal representation in the future, I will definitely keep you in mind!
R.H.
Nashville, TN
July 6, 2014
Rob Turner, you are an awesome rock star lawyer!
B.Y.
Clarksville, TN
July 3, 2014
Thanks a Billion! (After all, a million doesn't go as far as it used to. You did such a good job! I couldn't have done it without you. Divorce Done!!
S.W.
Murfreesboro, TN
July 3, 2014
You are 100% dependable! I appreciate all that you did to help me out when other lawyers would not give me the time of day.
T.M.
Nashville, TN
July 3, 2014
Rob Turner has been of great service when I've desperately needed his expertise. He is an impeccable atty that sincerely cares about his clients & always made me feel at ease! HIGHLY recommend!
B.S.
Nashville, TN
July 3, 2014
Rob always goes above and beyond to creatively solve any business or legal problem. He is also just an all-around good guy. Highly recommend!
M.M.
Murfreesboro TN
July 3, 2014
Turner Law Offices, P.C. had outstanding reviews from its former divorce, child custody, criminal, DUI, bankruptcy and probate clients.
Written by: Rob Turner
4.8 / 5 stars
Turner Law Offices, P.C.
208 3rd Ave N
Suite 100
Nashville, TN 37201
(615) 259-2660
Emergency After Hours(615)400-0200
Why Hire Us . . . Why Choose Us?!?
The lawyer you hire is a major decision; our firm has a passion for helping our clients succeed.
We are experienced lawyers dedicated to helping our clients achieve their desired outcomes.
Personal attention in a caring, compassionate manner
We use our knowledgeable, training and experience to give competent legal advice to find a solution to your legal problems.
Read Our Law Blog
It’s More Than Just Answering the Phone
Common Myths About Divorce in Tennessee
Best Ways To Ensure A Successful Christmas Visitation
Why You Should Delay Your Divorce Until The Holidays Are Over
Circus Rehearsal Goes Awry When Acrobats Fall from High Wire
Home
About Turner Law Offices
Our Fees
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Tennessee Law Blog
Our Law Blog
Contact Turner Law Offices
Online Payment Center
Successfully representing clients throughout Tennessee
Nashville (Davidson County)
Franklin (Williamson County)
Lebanon (Wilson County)
Gallatin (Sumner County)
Springfield (Robertson County)
Brentwood (Williamson County)
Murfreesboro (Rutherford County)
Clarksville (Montgomery County)
Ashland City (Cheatham County)
Dickson (Dickson County)
Columbia (Maury County)