http://www.bradleyriley.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Statement of policy
The attorneys and staff of Bradley & Riley PC recognize the importance of protecting the privacy and confidentiality of all clients and business associates and has implemented a comprehensive program that includes policies, procedures, and measures to ensure that your personal information remains private.
Purpose of policy
This Policy addresses a key aspect of Bradley & Riley PC’s client privacy program—how the firm collects, uses, and discloses personal information about you on our website and the choices you can make about how that information is used at our site.
The information we collect about you
Non-Personally identifiable information: Bradley & Riley PC automatically collects certain non-personally identifiable information from individuals who visit our site, including the type of browser and type of operating system they are using and the domain name of their Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, etc.).
Personally identifiable information: Bradley & Riley PC does not collect any personally identifiable information about you, including your name, address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, etc., unless you choose to fill out the “Contact Us” form found on our website or include the information in an email that you send to us directly.
How we use information about you
Non-Personally identifiable information: Bradley & Riley PC uses non-personally identifiable information it collects from you and other site users to analyze site usage such as the pages different users visit. We use this data to learn more about our site visitors and improve the design and content of our site.
Personally identifiable information: Bradley & Riley PC typically uses the personally identifiable information you provide solely to respond to your inquiry.Although we may share it with authorized representatives of Bradley & Riley PC, we will not contact you about other matters unless you specifically request it. Nor will we share, rent, or sell your personally identifiable information to anyone outside the firm.
Information on your resume: If you apply for a job at Bradley & Riley PC and choose to submit your resume information by email, we will use it only for the internal application review process. We will not voluntarily share, rent, or sell it to anyone outside the firm.
Disclosure required by law: It is possible, although not likely, that we might be forced to disclose your personally identifiable information in response to legal process or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, for example, in response to a court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency’s request. Also, we cannot guarantee the privacy of personal information you transmit over the web or that may be collectable in transit by others, including contractors who provide services to us.
Collection of information about you by third-party sites & sponsors
Be advised that from time-to-time, the Bradley & Riley PC website may contain links to other sites whose information practices may differ from ours. Because we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties, we advise visitors to consult the privacy notices of these other sites.  From time-to-time, Bradley & Riley PC may post information about programs and events that are sponsored by or co-sponsored other firms or organizations. If you register electronically for any of these events, we will handle your registration information as if you had registered by phone or paper. However, we do not have control over how these third-party sponsors use this information. In other words, Bradley & Riley PC website privacy Policy is not guaranteed to apply to the uses of your information by these third-party sponsors.
Use of information about minors
Bradley & Riley PC does not direct its website to children under the age of 13, and as a result, does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from such children. Children should ask their parents for permission before providing any personal information online to not only Bradley & Riley PC but any website. No information should be submitted to or posted on this site by any Minor (a guest under 18 years of age) without the consent of a parent or guardian.
We encourage parents who have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, to e-mail our Executive Administrator at kbehnke@bradleyriley.com.
Cookies
What cookies are: A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
How we use cookies: When you visit our website we send you a cookie. Our website may use cookies in the following ways:To enable us to personalize features on our website (which give you the ability to recall recently viewed pages and see information which you have input online); and
To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website.
We cannot identify you personally in this way.
Types of cookies we use: There are two types of cookies that Bradley & Riley PC may use on its website:Session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site; and
Persistent cookies, which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie).
Disabling/enabling cookies: You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.
Our commitment to keeping online information secure
Bradley & Riley PC employs security measures to prevent unauthorized access to information that we collect online. However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about Bradley & Riley PC privacy policy or its implementation, you may contact us 319-363-0101 or via email at kbehnke@bradleyriley.com. If at any time you decide that we should no longer hold any of your personal data, or wish to change the use to which any such data can be put, please let us know by emailing us at this address: kbehnke@bradleyriley.com.
Revisions to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to revise this Policy or any part of it from time to time. Please review the Policy periodically for changes.
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Website of Bradley & Riley PC. The Terms and Conditions for use of this site are written below. Please read them carefully. By using this site, you acknowledge that you both have read and accept these terms and conditions. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, do not use this site.
The information contained on this web site presents general information about the firm and its lawyers and is not intended to constitute legal advice. Any person viewing or receiving information from this web site should not act or refrain from acting on the basis of any such information without first seeking appropriate legal advice from an attorney.
We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. Please realize that merely contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. Therefore, please refrain from sending any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established. An attorney-client relationship can only be created by a written, signed-fee agreement entered into with an attorney.
The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience.
NO WARRANTY
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS.” BRADLEY & RILEY PC MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND ABOUT THIS SITE INCLUDING ITS SOFTWARE, CONTENT OR INFORMATION. BRADLEY & RILEY PC WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF THIS SITE EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES RESULT FROM ERRORS, NEGLIGENCE OR DELIBERATE ACTS OF BRADLEY & RILEY PC. BRADLEY & RILEY PC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE IS FREE FROM VIRUSES. AS IN ANY INTERNET TRANSACTION, BRADLEY & RILEY PC CANNOT CERTIFY THAT TRANSACTIONS ARE FREE FROM INTERCEPTION INTERFERENCE OR VIRUSES. BRADLEY & RILEY PC SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY INFORMATION NOT RECEIVED BY YOU OR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS BY THIRD PARTIES. IF YOUR STATE DOES NOT PERMIT THIS WAIVER OF LIABILITY, BRADLEY & RILEY PC’s LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO ACCESS THIS SITE.
LINKED SITES
BRADLEY & RILEY PC HAS NO CONTROL OVER OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR MATERIAL ON OTHER WEB SITES ACCESSED BY HYPERTEXT LINKS FROM THIS SITE. HYPERTEXT LINKS ARE PROVIDED ONLY AS A CONVENIENCE TO USERS OF THIS SITE. BRADLEY & RILEY PC DOES NOT VERIFY THE INFORMATION ON LINKED SITES AND DOES NOT ENDORSE THESE SITES OR THEIR SOURCE.
Disclaimer
This Website has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing information about Bradley & Riley PC and the services and products it offers. This Website has been compiled in good faith by Bradley & Riley PC. However, no representation is made as to the completeness or accuracy of the information it contains. In particular, you should be aware that this information may be incomplete, may contain errors or may have become out of date.
Bradley & Riley PC reserves the right to add, modify or delete any information at this Website at any time. This publication and any references to products or services are provided “as is” without any warranty or implied term of any kind.
Nothing contained within this Website should be construed as legal advice, or as establishing an attorney-client relationship.
Blog
Careers
Community
B&R Pressroom
BRJ Pressroom
2007 First Avenue SE, Cedar Rapids Iowa 52402
Ph: 319.363.0101 | Fax: 319.363.9824
Directions
Tower Place, One South Gilbert, Iowa City Iowa 52240
Ph: 319.466.1511 | Fax: 319.358.5560
Directions
320 W. Ohio Street, Suite 3W, Chicago IL 60654
Ph: 312.281.0295
Directions
114 South Cedar Street, Monticello, Iowa 52310
Ph: 319.465.5448
Directions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020, Bradley & Riley PC
All Rights Reserved