http://www.psni.police.uk/advice_information/information-about-yourself/childprivacynoticepage/
Browse Information About Yourself
Employment Disclosures
Data Protection
Making a Subject Access Request
Emigration and Visa Disclosures
Useful Contacts
Adult Privacy Notice
Child Privacy Notice
Enacting Other Rights Under DP
Home
Advice and Information
Information About Yourself
Child Privacy Notice
Page in Downloadable Format
Everyone has the right to know what the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) does with information about them. This type of information is called personal data. This document sets out how PSNI uses personal data.
PSNI have to obey the law and there is a law which sets down rules for us about using people’s personal data called the Data Protection Act. The Chief Constable of the PSNI is responsible for making sure the PSNI obey this law.
1.  What is personal data?2.  Why do the PSNI process personal data?3.  How do the PSNI process personal data?4.  Whose personal data do we handle?5.  Where does the information come from?6.  Who do the PSNI share personal information with?7.  Can people see what personal data, of theirs, that the PSNI have?8.  Can people change how the PSNI handle their data?9.  What age do I need to be to ask PSNI to give me information or change or delete my information?10.  Monitoring11. Contact Us
Additional Privacy Notice: CORONAVIRUS COVID-19
The PSNI may need to collect and hold a little more personal information than normal about you during the Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19).
We may have to do this in order to ensure the safety and well-being of you, our officers, staff and the public.
What personal data is being collected?
We may need information to help us to identify anyone who is has symptoms or is in any of the high risk categories and would be considered vulnerable.
What law allows the PSNI to process such information?
European and national law says this type of personal information can be processed by organisations like the PSNI who are working in the public interest or if it is needed in the interest of public health to protect lives.
Do I have to provide my personal information?
It is in the best interests of you and all others to provide this information if requested and your information will be protected.
How long will my personal information be Kept?
We will only keep your information for as long as it is necessary, taking into account Government advice and the on-going risk presented by Coronavirus.
When the information is no longer needed, it will be securely deleted.
Your data and rights
If you would like to know more about how we process your personal information and your information rights or how to exercise them, you will find this within PSNISs child privacy notices also on this web page.
Further advice and guidance from the ICO on this issue can be found:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/data-protection-and-Coronavirus/
1.  What is personal data?
The PSNI will process lots of different types of personal data, this includes, names, date of birth, address, your race, family and lifestyle information, education, your religious beliefs, details of any crime you have or may have committed, your health and your finances. This information may be kept, by PSNI, on a computer or in paper format.
2.  Why do the PSNI process personal data?
It is the PSNI’s job to prevent and solve crimes. Therefore PSNI may sometimes need to use your personal data for our policing purposes and to support how we do our job. We also need to keep personal data about the staff who work for us, for example, the names of police officers that solve crimes.
3.  How do the PSNI process personal data?
The PSNI will only use personal data if it is lawful to do so. We will not use more data than we need to, or keep it longer then we need to. We also take measures to ensure that we keep this data safe. The PSNI have written many documents which tell us what to do with your personal data to make sure we do not break the law.
4.  Whose personal data do we handle?
The PSNI may process personal data relating to a wide variety of people, some examples are:
Victims and witnesses,
People who have committed crimes,
Family members,
Our staff,
Members of the public
5.  Where does the information come from?
The PSNI may obtain personal data from many places, some examples are:
People themselves,
Employees of the PSNI
Relatives
Other emergency services
Media
Prisons
Courts and solicitors
6.  Who do the PSNI share personal information with?
The PSNI may have to share information with other organisations to make sure that they carry out their job properly. If PSNI have information that they need to share to keep a person or people safe, or to stop a crime from happening, they will. If this information is to be shared somewhere where the law is different than in Europe they will make sure they do so only if they know that the data is safe.
7.  Can people see what personal data, of theirs, that the PSNI have?
Yes, people can make what is called a subject access request to PSNI. This is where they ask to have a copy of some, or all, of the information that PSNI hold about them. Before the PSNI can provide someone with information we need to be sure that the person is who they say they are; therefore, people will be asked for ID. The PSNI will try to answer people’s queries within a month; however, it may take longer if there is a lot of information to look through.
8.  Can people change how the PSNI handle their data?
Yes, people have a number of rights when it comes to their personal data. These rights will change depending on the reasons PSNI hold the data.
People can ask for the PSNI to fix information that is wrong and the PSNI will do so.
People can also ask the PSNI to delete or stop using their personal data. PSNI will investigate how they use the data and if they are allowed to keep using it in this way, in line with the law, they will keep using it.
People can also ask the PSNI not to make decisions about them by only using a computer system and can ask that a human being looks at the information.
Before the PSNI can look at someone’s information we need to be sure that the person is who they say they are. Therefore people will be asked for ID. The PSNI will try to answer people’s queries within a month; however, it may take longer if there is a lot of information to look through.
9.  What age do I need to be to ask PSNI to give me information or change or delete my information?
PSNI will consider each request individually. If you are able to understand your rights and write to us it is likely that we will deal with your request. Sometimes however we may need to seek your parent or guardians permission to do what you have asked us to do.
10.  Monitoring
PSNI may monitor or record and retain telephone calls, texts, emails and other electronic communications to and from the Service in order to discourage, prevent and detect inappropriate behaviour or crime.
11. Contact Us
If you would like to exercise any of the information discussed in this document, you can do so by contacting the following department. You may wish to discuss this with your parents or guardian before you contact the PSNI.
Corporate Information
Police Service of Northern IrelandPolice Headquarters                                                         65 Knock RoadBelfastBT6 5LETelephone: 028 9070 0164Email: DataProtection@psni.pnn.police.uk
The PSNI have a designated Data Protection Officer. This person will help to ensure that the PSNI follow the law when using personal data. Anybody with concerns over the way the PSNI handles their personal data may contact our Data Protection Officer at the address above or DataProtectionOfficer@psni.pnn.police.uk.
The way PSNI use personal data is checked by an organisation called the Information Commissioner. If you remain unhappy about how the PSNI are processing your personal data you can contact them. The address is below.
Information Commissioner’s Office
3rd Floor14 Cromac PlaceBelfastBT7 2JBTel: 028 90278757Email: ni@ico.org.uk
Button Text
All Advice and Information
Back to top
Police Service of Northern Ireland
Home
Home
My Area
Advice and Information
Youth Section
Contact Us
Inside PSNI
News & Appeals
Crime
COVID19
My Area
My Area
All Districts
I Don't Know My Policing Area
Neighbourhood Watch
Station Enquiry Office Provision
Local Policing Review 2018/19
Policing Plan 2020-25 consultation
Crime
Crime
Anti Social Behaviour
Burglary
Business Crime
Child Protection
Criminal Damage
Cyber Crime
Domestic Abuse
Drugs
Fraud
Hate Crime
Modern Slavery Human Trafficking Unit
Organised Crime
Sexual Violence and Abuse
Theft
Rural Crime
Advice and Information
Advice and Information
Action Counters Terrorism
Advice for Landlords
Advice for Students
Air and Sea Ports
Animal Welfare and Wildlife
Body Worn Video
Business Crime
Child Protection
Community Resolution
Complaints against the PSNI
COVID-19
Domestic Abuse
Chief Officers' Expenses
Drones - Small Unmanned Aircraft
Freedom of Information
Firearms
Information About Yourself
Internet Safety
Our Publications
Parades and Public Processions
Penalty Notices for Disorder
Policing and mental health
Project Servator
Protecting Your Home
Protecting Yourself
Roads and Driving
Rural Security
Security Systems
Self Help Guides
Sextortion
Stop and Search
The Law on Sex in Northern Ireland
Vehicle Purchase and Protection
Victim Support
Winter Safety
News & Appeals
News & Appeals
Chief Constable's blog
Campaigns
Missing Persons
Latest News
Inside PSNI
Inside PSNI
Careers in the PSNI
Our Departments
Our History
Our Leadership
Our Policies and Procedures
Our Reports & Statements
Statistics
Our Strategy and Vision
Working with our Young People
Pension Information
Contact Us
Contact Us
Site Essentials
Accessibility statement
Copyright
Terms & Conditions
Cookies & Policy
Police Service of Northern Ireland
Accessibility Help?