http://www.floridasocialsecurity.com/privacy
Privacy Policy | David W. Magann, PA
Phone: 813.657.9175Lakeland: 863.802.8060
HOME
PRACTICE
CONTACT
BLOG
About our Firm
Practice Areas
Articles
Links of Interest
Social Security Blog
Contact Us
Free Consultation
Just use our quick contact form:
NameEmail
PhoneEnter textHow can we help?
Social Security Blog
Be Aware of How You Could Lose Your Social Security Benefits
NEW IMPAIRMENT LISTING IN FULL EFFECT & APPLICABLE TO ALL ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS IMMEDIATELY
SSA is Heading For Delays Again After Recent Cutbacks & Years of Improvement
SSA is Ramping Up Disability Reviews in 2014
Never Allow A Non-Attorney to Represent You At Your Social Security Hearing!
Connect
Follow @DWMagann
We can help. Social Security Disability
The SSA defines disability as the inability to engage in substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment... more
Wills, Trusts & Estate Planning
Essential estate planning documents in the State of Florida include a Durable Power of Attorney, a Living Will, a Last Will and Testament... more
Personal Injury
Generally, automobile, truck and motorcycle accidents are common personal injury claims. If you have been involved in an accident you need to know your legal rights and obligations under Florida law. ... more
We provide in-home visits in Lakeland Florida for your Social Security representation.
Lakeland: (863) 802-8060
Phone: (813) 657-9175
Fax: (813) 657-6415
Privacy Policy
Our postal address is:
David W. Magann, P.A.
156 West Robertson Street
Brandon, FL 33511
We can be reached by telephone at 813.657.9175
David W. Magann, P.A. is to be referenced as “LAW FIRM” in this policy and http://www.floridasocialsecurity.com to be referenced as “Web site”.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, IP address, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
Upon visitor instigated communication, we collect the domain name, e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, and telephone number.
The information we collect is used for internal review and used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website, and with LAW FIRM.
Customer information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without the consent of the customer, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by the customer.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as areas viewed within Web site.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please contact us at the phone number above.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by calling us at the above telephone number. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we display ads from other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html.
Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies (including the Teracent cookie – users may opt out of the Teracent cookie by visiting the Teracent opt-out page) to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this website. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. You may also opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers.
Consumers can have this information corrected by calling the phone number above.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. Transactions not including financial data are not submitted through a secured server.
This is the entire Privacy Policy of Web site.
©2006-2013 David W. Magann
|
Home
|
Practice Areas
|
Contact Us
|
Links
|
Sitemap
|
News
|
Privacy
Main Office - Brandon
David W. Magann, P.A.
156 West Robertson Street
Brandon, FL 33511
Directions
Tampa Office
David W. Magann, P.A.
4012 Gunn Highway #165
Tampa, Florida 33618
Directions
The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience. Content by David Magann and the David W. Magann, PA staff.
Website by SEO | Law Firm™, an Adviatech Company
Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software