http://www.childrenspartnership.org/privacy-policy/
Donate now
About
How We Work
Our Approach
Our Impact
Legislation
Our Team
Board of Directors
Senior Advisors
Our Staff
Partners and Supporters
What We Do
Covid-19 Resources
Health
Health Coverage
Dental Care
Nutrition
Youth with Dual Status
Racism and Child Health
Immigration
Healthy Mind, Healthy Future
Healthy Mind, Healthy Future Symposium
Public Charge
Technology
Digital Health Tools
Digital Opportunity
Telehealth
Campaigns
A Child is a Child
Let’s Talk
Let’s Talk Webinars
ALL IN For Health
ALL IN For Safe Schools
Kids Count – Census 2020
Health4All Kids
Research and Resources
News
Contact Us
Careers
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Privacy Policy
The Children’s Partnership is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This statement applies with respect to the information that we collect from all of our Web sites listed above. Amendments to this statement will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. If, at any point, we wish to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will request permission by email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in such a manner.
Information Use and Collection
A. Sharing
We are the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. We will share aggregated demographic information about our users with our partners, sponsors, and donors. This aggregated information is not linked to any personal information that can identify you or any other individual person. We share this information so that we can secure funding to continue providing a quality site, free of charge.
B. Donating
When you make a donation to The Children’s Partnership though our online donor system, we collect personally identifiable information such as your name, affiliation, address, credit card data and email address.The Children’s Partnership does not sell to or share that information. Your credit card information is used by VeriSign to process your donation using SSL encryption (see more about Security below) and is not captured by The Children’s Partnership. Your name, affiliation, mailing, address, and email address are retained by The Children’s Partnership and are used to process your donation, to thank you for your contribution, and to send you a legally required receipt and notice of tax deductibility. The Children’s Partnership also communicates with our donors on an ongoing basis and lists our donor on our Web sites and in print materials. On the online donation form we give you the option of receiving additional correspondence from The Children’s Partnership and being listed in our publications as a donor. You can email us at any time at frontdoor@childrenspartnership.org if you change your mind. If you wish to donate over the phone, or if you have any questions, please call (31O) 260-1220 and ask for the Administrator.
C. Web Statistics
We collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways at several different points on our Web site, including tracking your activities through your IP address, computer settings, or most recently visited URL. We use reporting to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use for reporting and sponsorship purposes. Information collected by this software is not linked to personally identifiable information about you.
D. Surveys
From time to time our Web site requests information from users via Web surveys. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include demographic information (such as zip code, age level), but no information that can personally identify you will be collected. The survey does give you the option of providing us with your name and email address for follow-up communication, with your permission. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
E. Email This Page
If you elect to use our “Email this page” function, we ask you for your email address and your friend’s email address. We store this information temporarily for the sole purpose of sending a one-time email to the friend inviting him or her to visit the site. Once the email is sent, the information is purged from our system.
F. Communications
Our Web sites offer you opportunities to sign up to receive email correspondence from the project. If you sign up and later wish to be removed from our list, visit our Newsletters page to automatically unsubscribe from our list.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site you visit. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Cookies
The Children’s Partnership’s Web sites do not use cookies to store information.
Security
All sensitive information processed through our online Donations pages are collected on VeriSign-hosted secure forms. VeriSign uses state-of-the-art 128- and 256-bit SSL encryption to ensure that personal and financial data is secure.
Update
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete your information by sending an email tofrontdoor@childrenspartnership.org.
Questions or Comments
If you experience any problems, or if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Web site, or your dealings with this Web site, please email frontdoor@childrenspartnership.org.
The Children’s Partnership thanks TechSoup and The Waitt Family Foundation for information and ideas for this section.