http://www.velaw.com/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
HomePrivacy Notice
Privacy Notice This page describes the information we may collect from you when you visit our website, how we use that information, and how we protect it.
Last Updated: July 1, 2020
Vinson & Elkins is committed to safeguarding the privacy and the security of personal information supplied by visitors to our website. This Website Privacy Notice describes the information we may collect from you when you visit our website, tells you how we use that information, and describes how we protect it. This notice also describes the choices you have regarding the collection and use of your information when visiting our website.
If you decide to give us personal information while using our website, you consent to the collection, use, transfer and other processing of that information in accordance with this notice and applicable laws. Please note that this notice and the procedures described in it may be amended or superseded from time to time. We will post any updates to this notice on our website.
For more information about using this website, please refer to our Terms of Use.
What Information Do We Collect About You, and How Do We Use It?
When you visit this website you may voluntarily submit data using one of the forms available for a specified purpose (we call these “Subscription Pages” in this notice). On Subscription Pages, we may collect personal information about you including, for example, your name, address, email address, phone number, facsimile number, bar number, company name, company address, and/or title. We may collect this information if you sign up to receive periodic newsletters or bulletins on legal developments via email from one or more of our practice areas or offices. We also may collect this information if you register to participate in a seminar, conference, or event that Vinson & Elkins has organized, including continuing legal education, or if you register to join the Vinson & Elkins Alumni Network.
If you apply for employment through this website, in addition to the information above, we may also collect your resume, curriculum vita, education and work experience.
As indicated on the Subscription Pages, we may use the information you provide us to evaluate the level of interest in particular legal topics or to contact you to ask whether you wish to receive additional information about the Firm, publications prepared by our lawyers, and related materials. The Subscription Pages concerning specific blogs, publications, events, or activities in which you are interested might provide additional information concerning how we use your data for that particular purpose and might have a box for you to click to provide your consent to the processing of your data by us, including by personnel and on servers located in the United States. Unless we are permitted or required by other legal obligations, we will use any personal information that you provide only for the purposes for which you give your consent.
In addition to the uses of your personal information indicated on the Subscription Pages and employment application pages, unless otherwise restricted, we also may use your personal information to:
respond to requests, enquiries, or complaints received from you;
communicate with you about our firm and our services;
invite you to events;
send you marketing materials you have asked to receive;
improve our website and related services;
conduct administrative or operational processes within our business; and
audit and monitor this website and make improvements to it.
We also obtain some information about your IP address and web browser that you use to access our website. See Notice Regarding Cookies: https://www.velaw.com/cookies/ for more details.
When you visit our website, our servers record your IP address, together with the date, time, and duration of your visit. An IP address is an assigned number, similar to a telephone number, which allows your computer to communicate over the Internet. It identifies which organizations have visited the website. We use this information to compile statistical data on the how visitors use and navigate our website and to help us evaluate and improve our site.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users navigate our site and what resources they access. (See Notice Regarding Cookies: https://www.velaw.com/cookies/). The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use the information on behalf of Vinson & Elkins for the purpose of evaluating use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us, and providing us with other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address that your browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of these cookies via the settings in your browser. You also can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics in the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services that you do not want them to track your online activities. Our site does not currently support Do Not Track requests.
When you interact with Vinson & Elkins through the BlueJeans video conference platform for events or conference calls, we have access to the following additional information for troubleshooting purposes only:
Geolocation data;
IP address;
Computer hardware used to access the platform; and
Internet service provider.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through this website. If we are made aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 through this website, we will delete it as soon as practicable.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
As a law firm, we take the security of our information systems very seriously and have implemented generally accepted technical standards and operational security measures to prevent unauthorized access to data and to protect the integrity of our systems. We take reasonable steps to protect any personal information that you provide us online by employing appropriate security measures. Despite the security procedures we employ, you should be aware that it is impossible to guarantee the security of information that you transmit to us via the Internet.
Do We Sell or Disclose Personal Information?
We do not sell, rent, or trade personal information about our website visitors. Except as set forth in this notice, we do not disclose your personal information to third parties except:
We retain external service providers to perform certain services on the Firm’s behalf to improve the effectiveness or efficiency of our systems and services, and these providers have agreed to use the transferred information solely in accordance with the Firm’s instructions and subject to appropriate nondisclosure limitations; and
When we reasonably believe that such disclosure is compelled by compulsory legal process or is otherwise required by law.
Although we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information, if demanded by compulsory process or otherwise required by law, we reserve the right to disclose such information without additional notice to you.
What About Links to Third Party Sites?
For your convenience, our website might contain links to third party websites (e.g., Twitter) whose information practices might be different from ours and which are governed by their own privacy procedures, policies, and security measures. For instance, we may provide links to seminars, articles, and events offered or hosted by third parties. If you choose to visit any linked websites, we encourage you to review the applicable privacy policies, data protection standards, and security procedures before you submit any information via those sites, as we have no control over data submitted to, or collected by, those third parties.
Do We Transfer Personal Information Across Borders?
Vinson & Elkins is a global law firm with its primary data centers located in the United States, and information you provide when visiting our website will be stored primarily in the United States. Because of the international nature of Vinson & Elkins’ operations and activities, the information you provide via this website may be accessed by lawyers and personnel in any of the Firm’s offices worldwide, including those located in jurisdictions whose laws may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as that provided in your home country.
How Can You Change or Remove Your Information?
We want to be sure that the contact details and other information you provide to us are as up to date as possible, and we hope you will help us in that effort. You may review, correct, and update the personal information you have submitted to us, and you may withdraw your consent to our future use of your personal information at any time (allowing ten business days for processing of your request). If you wish to review or revise the information about you that has been submitted to us, you may do so at any time by sending an email to privacy@velaw.com.
If you wish to unsubscribe to any of our newsletters, bulletins, or other online services, wish to remove your contact details from our lists, or request that we delete your personal information, you can do so by sending an email to privacy@velaw.com. Please help us by being as specific as possible about the types of communications, publications, or other information that you no longer wish to receive. If you choose to unsubscribe, we may retain sufficient information in our files so that we are able to honor your request in accordance with your instructions. It might take up to ten business days for us to process any change, unsubscribe or delete requests. It is possible that you will receive another email communication during the change period.
What are Your Rights in European Economic Area?
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, the “GDPR”) give you certain additional rights. If the personal information we collect from you indicates that you are in the EU, we will maintain and process your personal information in accordance with the GDPR. However, some of your information, including personal information collected through our website, likely will be transferred and will be maintained, at least for some period of time, in our data centers in the United States, whose privacy and data protection laws are, generally speaking, not as robust as the laws in the European Union. We make those transfers under intrafirm agreements that contain clauses consistent with those mandated by the GDPR. While that data are located in the United States, the Firm will endeavor to provide a level of data protection level equal to that which it provides in the EU.
If you do not wish to have your personal information made available to Firm personnel outside your home jurisdiction, please do not provide it to us via this website.
What are Your California Privacy Rights?
If you are a California resident, then you also have the following rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) regarding your personal information.
Right to Know
You have the right to know and see what personal information we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you. There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited, to when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
Provide you with services;
Perform a contract between us and you;
Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Sale of Your Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information, or the personal information of minors under the age of 16, for money or other valuable consideration.
More information about your rights as a California consumer may be found on California’s Department of Justice website.
We Do Not Discriminate
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA, including by denying service, or suggesting that you will receive different rates for services, level or quality of service.
How to Exercise Your Rights
To exercise any of your access or deletion request rights, please submit a verifiable consumer request to privacy@velaw.com or by calling our toll-free line, 1-800-833-1594.
We will contact you to confirm receipt of your request under the CCPA and request any additional information necessary to verify your request. We verify requests by matching information provided in connection with your request to information contained in our records. Depending on the sensitivity of the request and the varying levels of risk in responding to such requests (for example, the risk of responding to fraudulent or malicious requests), we may request that you use your access credentials in order to verify your request. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf, provided that you provide a signed agreement verifying such authorized agent’s authority to make requests on your behalf, and we may verify such authorized person’s identity using the procedures above.
The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not be able to respond to your request or provide you with specific pieces of personal information if we cannot verify your identity and authority to make the request.
Our goal is to respond to any verifiable consumer request within 45 days of our receipt of such request. We will inform you in writing if we cannot meet that timeline. Please contact us at privacy@velaw.com with any questions about this Privacy Notice.
How Can You Contact Us?
If you have questions about this Website Privacy Notice or wish to make any changes to the personal information you have provided to us, including removing it from a particular subscription list or removing it from our databases, please contact us at 888-471-0052 or privacy@velaw.com.