http://www.galaxysingles.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement for Galaxysingles.com
Galaxysingles, has created this privacy statement in order to
express our commitment to user's privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and publication practices for this website:
Galaxysingles.com.
Galaxysingles respects your Privacy. Galaxysingles does not sell,
rent, or loan any identifiable information regarding its members to any
third party. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care
and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not
consented
Your IP address is used for quality control purposes to evaluate the
technical performance of our website. In addition, we use this
information to assess the utility and popularity of our website.
We use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it
each time you visit our site.. This feature may be turned off by the
user.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact
information (like their name and email address) and demographic
information (like their zip code, age, or income level). The member's
contact information is used to contact the member for new email
notifications (which may be disabled), and if the administrative staff
of Galaxysingles require to contact a user.
Demographic data is used to customize the visitor's experience at our
site, displaying content that we believe they might find to be of
interest.
This site contains links to other sites. Galaxysingles.com is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, and displays descriptions of members
which are available to its members and casual site visitors. Please
remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes
public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to
disclose your personal information.
Ads
Galaxysingles makes use of member profile data to help select adverts
of products and services that the member may find to be of interest.
Security
Galaxysingles has security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse and alteration of the information under our control and has taken
several steps to ensure that any payment information for advertisers is
processed confidentially and accurately:
* Payment servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an advanced
encryption technology that works with Netscape Navigator (versions 3.0
and above), Microsoft Internet Explorer (version 3.0 and above). This
encryption makes it absolutely impossible for unauthorized parties to
read any information that you send.
* Using a password that you create and that is yours alone, you are
the only person who will be able access your private Galaxysinlgles
membership account..
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
communications from us.
You can send email to admin@Galaxysingles.com
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and
modifying information previously provided.
* Visit the website and select modify details
* Email support@Galaxysingles.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
support@Galaxysingles.com
Go Back