http://www.crievehall.org/privacy-policy
Contact Us
Directions
Live
Listen Live
Watch Live
Toggle navigation
Contact Us
Directions
Listen Live
Watch Live
Who We Are
Statement of Faith
Elders
Deacons
Ministers
Service Times
Connect
I’m New
Events Calendar
Men’s Outreach
Visitation Program
YAC – Young Adult College
Young Families
Youth
Grow
Audio/Video Archive
Bible Correspondence
Education
Getting Married
God’s Plan
Ministering To Others
Nashville School of Preaching
Preschool-Mothers Day Out
Recovery through Christ
Serve
Members Section
FaithWorks
Involvement
Missions
WinGS
Give
Days of Devotion
Connect
Who We Are
Grow
Serve
×
Attention: We have reopened for in-house worship and Bible classes (Please note new service and class times).
Please read a letter from our Elders regarding reopening for worship and Bible classes. After reading the letter from our Elders, please watch this video which contains supplemental information.
Worship services will be Sunday at 8:15a, 10:30a, 5:00p and Wednesday at 7:00p. Click here to watch.
Bible classes will be Sunday at 9:30a and Wednesday at 5:15p and 7:10p. Click here to find a class.
Crieve Hall is sponsoring a radio broadcast of a worship service on WAKM 950 AM each Sunday at 8:30 AM.
Days of Devotion
Connect
Who We Are
Grow
Serve
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting a Crieve Hall Church of Christ (CHCOC). Protecting your privacy is very important to us. To assure you of your privacy, we provide this notice to help you understand our commitment to security, what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit our website, how we may use that information, and how you can correct the information.
Information We Collect
Automatically Collected Anonymous InformationWhen you visit the CHCOC website, certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically logged as it is at most websites, which may include information about your IP address, domain name, browser type, mobile device type, access time, and referring website address. This information is not personally identifiable and is only used in aggregate (not in any way that personally identifies you).
Personally Identifiable InformationPersonally Identifiable Information (PII) is any information about you as an individual that would enable someone to contact you; for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address. We may ask for such information when you subscribe to an email newsletter or fill out a form.
We will not collect any PII about you unless you provide it. Providing any PII to us is voluntary. If you do not want us to obtain any personally identifiable information about you, do not submit it.
You can visit and browse our website without revealing any PII, but you may not be able to access certain content, features or services if you choose not to disclose PII.
How We Use This Information
Aggregated information may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about the usage patterns of our visitors to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive. Aggregated information cannot be used to contact you individually.
PII you provide voluntarily may be used to improve the content of our websites, to fulfill your requests or to notify you of updates to our website.
CHCOC may use PII to provide Internet security and to meet legal requirements. As a result, CHCOC reserves the right to cooperate with law enforcement officials in the investigation of alleged unlawful activities committed on or through our website. CHCOC may disclose PII in the course of officially authorized law enforcement investigations or as required to comply with a current judicial proceeding, court order, warrant, subpoena or other legal process served on CHCOC. Further, in the event of a suspected attempt to deliberately circumvent our websites’ security with the intent to gain unauthorized access or to do physical damage, CHCOC may share PII about a suspected intruder with law enforcement officials. CHCOC shall have no legal liability for such disclosures. Notwithstanding any of the above, CHCOC reserves the right to challenge the validity of any subpoena, court order, warrant or other legal process, in its sole discretion.
If you choose to post comments to a blog or article, any information you submit may become public. It may become accessible through search engines or, if you sign in using credentials from a third-party social networking service, it may become accessible to users on that service. Unless otherwise noted, we do not limit the distribution of information that you share using these features. CHCOC is not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via these forums, and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been permitted by you, not CHCOC. If you prefer not to have your information published, do not submit it.
If you wish to opt out of the use of your PII for marketing purposes, please let us know via the following links:Email Newsletter Subscribers: office@crievehall.org
Cookies
Cookies are a technology that helps us serve you better. Our cookies collect no personally identifiable information. We use cookies to help us know when and how many people visit our website.
Aside from Google Analytics we do not collect any information. Please see the Information We Collect section for more information.
You have the choice to set your browser to accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is set, delete cookies periodically, or reject all cookies. You may also opt-out of Google Analytics’ cookies here and Facebook’s cookies here. Check the “Help” section of your browser for more information.
Use by Minors
CHCOC’s website is a general audience website, and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Any information collected online by CHCOC from children under 18 is used only for the purpose of delivering the requested product or service. Please instruct your children to ask you for permission before providing any information about themselves to CHCOC, and visit the Federal Trade Commission website for more information about safe online surfing.
Your California Privacy Rights
CHCOC does not disclose personal information to third parties.
Beginning on January 1, 2014, an amendment to Section 22575 of California’s Business and Professions Code requires CHCOC to disclose to its customers who are California residents how it responds to Web browser do not track (“DNT”) signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services. CHCOC’s website do not currently respond to any DNT signals.
International Transfer
This website is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States of America (USA). CHCOC makes no representation that this website is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations. By using this website and submitting any personal information, visitors from outside of the USA acknowledge that this website is subject to USA law, consent to the transfer of personal data to the USA, and waive any claims that may arise under their own national laws. If you do not want your personal information transferred to the USA, do not provide it on this website.
Our Commitment to Security
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged with our website. Please note that no security system is impenetrable. As effective as these measures are, we cannot guarantee the security of our database nor that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.
How to Update Your Information
You may access and update the personal information you have provided to us by choosing an option below:E-newsletter Subscriptions: office@crievehall.org
Updates to Privacy Policy
We will post any policy changes on our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check our website periodically.
The Privacy Policy posted on this website was updated on or about March 24, 2020.
We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to contact us.
Crieve Hall Church of Christ4806 Trousdale DriveNashville, TN 37220(615) 832-9658