https://www.chopa.com/customer-service.html#privacy.html
X
Home
Contact Us
Customer Service
Gift Certificate
KIMONO & YUKATA
Women's
Women's Plus Sizes
Women’s Short
Men's
Men's Plus Sizes
Men’s Short
Children's
Footwear
FAQs
MALA
Buddhist Mala Beads
Zen Jewelry
FAQs
ZEN JEWELRY
Buddhist Mala Beads
Zen Jewelry
FAQs
CLEARANCE
Buddhist Mala Beads
Accessories & Gifts
Statues
Home Decor Books
Pendulums
Sale & Clearance
Customer Service
Celebrating our 27th year in business. Shop with confidence.
We are committed to providing our customers with quality products at reasonable prices.
CHÖPA
is a web-based Internet store established in 1994.
We do not operate retail storefronts. Orders are shipped from facilities located in the USA.
Please contact
us with any questions or inquiries.
Holiday Returns.
If you are ordering a gift for the Holidays, we will accept returns and exchanges through January 10, 2021. This applies to orders placed between November 16th and Dec. 20th.
Ordering Information......
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Paypal and PayPal Credit.
ONLINE ORDERS - Place orders online 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Ordering online is safe, convenient, and easy. Browse our store and add products you have selected to your virtual shopping cart.
When you are done shopping, simply "check out" and enter your complete billing, shipping and payment information. An order summary will appear and an order confirmation will be sent via email within a minute or two. If you do not receive an email confirmation, check your SPAM folder or email us and we will resend your confirmation.
PHONE ORDERS - Due to the very limited number of calls we receive, versus the cost of supporting a telephone service center, we recently made a decision that other online retailers have, and no longer support calls or phone orders.
We do this with great reluctance because we enjoyed speaking with our customers. With the Internet, Smartphones and Tablets, calls have steadily dwindled over the years. We invite you to place orders online through our safe and secure website. Though we no longer answer live telephones, you may email us anytime. You can also text us or leave a voicemail message with an email address at 850-400-3003 and we will promptly reply to your message.
Most inquiries are answered the same day. We also monitor communications on weekends.
MAIL ORDERS - Submit your order by mail, indicating product number, style and quantity. Send a check or money order payable to Sakura Bay Inc. Please remit the total charges including shipping, and if you are shipping to a Florida address, sales tax of 7%. Be sure to enclose your telephone or email address so that we may contact you if additional information is required. For customer security, we do not accept cash and request that you do not send credit card information via email or mail.
We are unable to accept Purchase Orders.
Please contact us with any questions about orders.
Mailing Address: 19211 Panama City Beach Pkwy, # 114, Panama City Beach, Florida 32413
Shipping and Receiving
Your order is shipped from a warehouse located in the United States. Orders are shipped via the US Postal Service or FedEx. Please allow 2-5 business days for delivery depending on your location.
Most orders ship within one business day. You will be notified by email if an item is out of stock. Express Shipping is available on most items. Allow 2-day business day delivery for Express Service, 3-days in some locations.
Shipping charges for International destinations will be displayed in the shopping cart. Please note that due to the Covid Virus, service standards in international countries have become disrupted with lengthy delays. We normally ship international orders through USPS First Class mail service, but it has become unreliable. Chopa is not responsible for delays.
Please view our Shipping Information page for complete details.
Return Policy
Holiday Returns We accept holiday returns through January 10, 2021 for orders placed between November 16th through December 20th.
We want you to be satisfied with your purchase, and understand that web shopping entails making purchases "sight unseen."
If you are unsatisfied with your purchase, we accept returns and exchanges within 10 days of delivery of your order. Contact us for Return Authorization.
Returns are accepted in new condition, with original product packaging intact.
This includes glassine bags for yukata and kimonos. We do not require the original packaging used for shipping.
Refunds will be processed, less original shipping costs. Because of the few returns we receive, we only check our return mail box 1-2 times per week. If you are in a rush for an exchange or a refund, email us your tracking number and we will do our best to accommodate you.
Returns of merchandise with Free Shipping are refunded, less our actual outgoing shipping costs.
Items returned without original packaging or in a condition other than new, may be refused and/or subject to a restocking fee.
Shipping costs to return a product are the responsibility of the customer, unless it is defective, damaged in transit or you received the wrong item.
Orders returned without a "Return Authorization" may be refused. All sales final after 30 days.
Contact us for Return Authorization.
Books, CD's, DVD's, Headbands / Hachimaki, Socks and Clearance Merchandise are non-returnable and non-refundable.
Gift Wrap
We offer gift wrap on most items. If gift wrap is available, it appears as an option in your shopping cart along with the cost. Gifts are shipped in an attractive gift bag with drawstring closure. These reusable bags are 100% eco-friendly jute burlap, made from sustainable plant fiber and very durable. The bags are screen printed with different designs and suitable for all occasions. A limited number of bags are available specifically for Christmas. If you wish a Christmas themed bag, state your request in the text box at check out. Your personalized message will be included on a handwritten card. Prices will not be disclosed to the recipient.
For smaller items like jewelry, we offer gift boxes and gift wrap with an accent ribbon and personalized card. Gift wrap is non-refundable.
Is It Safe To Use My Credit Card?
Shopping with us is safe and secure. Chöpa operates on a secure, encrypted server using state-of-the-art software. Your transaction takes place on a secure server using SSL technology. Payment is processed with the latest 2048 bit SHA-2 standards. For added safety, we do not store payment information on any of our computer systems.
Do you have a catalog?
In an effort to preserve our natural resources, we do not offer a printed catalog. Please browse our website for our latest product offerings.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Chöpa Zen Home, it's officers, directors, employees, representatives and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, costs and damages including reasonable attorney fees arising from or related to your use
or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account. Chöpa Zen Home reserves the right to refuse service to anyone, at any time, for any reason. Products are subject to availability, and prices are can change without notice. All orders are subject to the final approval and acceptance of Chopa Zen Home. Web posted price is guaranteed at time of purchase only. Liability is limited to the purchase price of any product, excluding shipping costs.
Typographical Errors - In the event that a product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, we reserve the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Chopa shall issue a refund to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Privacy Policy
Chopa understands the privacy needs and concerns of our customers. Our goal to provide you with an enjoyable shopping experience. To accomplish this objective, we use the information our customers provide in the following ways: When you visit our web site, we automatically recognize your Internet Service Provider, the Web page from which you came, and a record of your activity on our site. You cannot, however be identified as an individual. The information that we collect through our web site is used to process orders and to improve your shopping experience.
The information that you share with us allows us to process your purchase, confirm your order, customize the content and layout of our pages, notify you about updates to our site, and provide you with additional information about our products. We do not sell, rent, disclose or share any of your personal information with third-parties or use the information you provide in any way other than as identified above.
The information you supply to us is added to our customer database. If you sign up for our newsletter, we may also send you materials or emails to inform you of new products, offers, special promotions or upcoming events.
Your email address is 100% privacy protected and you can unsubscribe from our email list at any time.
COOKIES - A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a web site to provide the customer a unique ID. Chopa may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as tracking viewing patterns on the Web Site, measuring the effectiveness of advertising, or providing a regional location of a shopper. Cookies used by this Site do not contain any personal data. Chopa cannot identify a customer unless that information is provided voluntarily. We will not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent by us to you in a cookie. Third parties that analyze content on some of our pages (Google, MSN, etc.) may set and access their own cookies on your computer. Such third parties' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, which may differ from this one. Such third parties do not have access to our cookies.
Chopa uses cookies to recognize our customers, recall shopping list items, and to provide continuity from page to page. Within a single visit, these cookies store information to simplify checkout. They do not contain any personal identifying information. Chopa also uses cookies to identify customers after their first visit. These cookies remain on the hard drive of a PC and allow a user to enter our site without having to log in on each visit. To access any secure areas such as your account information or checkout, you must still enter your password.
Customers can disable cookies on their computer in the preferences or options menus of your browser. Disabling cookies may hinder some functionality of our Web Site and some features may not operate properly. We recommend that you consult with your Web browser's provider or manufacturer if you have any questions about disabling cookies.
Updated November, 2020
Company
Home
Contact Us
Blog
Gift Certificate
My Account
Learn More
Customer Service
Gift Certificate
Shipping Info
About Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Products
Clearance
Kimono & Yukatas
© Copyright 1994-
Chopa. All Rights Reserved.
Website created by Digital Design Solutions