http://www.zuckerman.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
When you visit www.zuckerman.com, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you specifically provide it to us. Except as required by law or expressly authorized by you, we will not provide any personally identifiable information regarding you to any third parties. Any personally identifiable information that you submit to us will be used solely for the purpose of responding to inquiries or requests made by you.
Your visit to our site is tracked through a standard web traffic statistics program, which keeps records of traffic on the site, as well as numerical counts of visitors by domain, URL, search engine, keywords used, and other standard web measurements.
Zuckerman Spaeder LLP uses cookies to help recognize that a device has visited our website previously. We do not use cookies to identify individuals. We use them to improve your experience when you visit our website. A "cookie" is a small data file that is downloaded to a device when the user accesses certain websites. Visitors that do not want cookies placed on their computers can set their browser to refuse and/or disable cookies. The steps to do this vary depending on the browser used, but generally can be found by using the "Help" feature available in your browser.
If you choose to register for firm or other practice-specific mailings, you need to provide us with certain required information, including your name, e-mail address and company. The contact information you give us is kept in a database not located on the web. The materials you request will be e-mailed to you. Each e-mail will contain information on how to be removed from our mailing lists. You can also unsubscribe at any time by sending our webmaster a message at info@zuckerman.com. Please include your name and e-mail address in the body of the message. We will do our best to respond to your request within three business days.
By using the Zuckerman Spaeder LLP website, you consent to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time without advance notice. Should any new policy go into effect, we will post it on this site, and the revised Policy will apply only to information collected thereafter.