https://www.syta.org.au/website/privacy
Privacy
home/Privacy
Menu
Home
About
About Us
Meet the Management Committee
Ethics Committee Role
Mission and Vision
Association Rules
Codes of Ethics & Professional Practice
Why Satyananda?
What is the Satyananda system of Yoga?
What to expect in a Satyananda Yoga Class?
Centres around the World
Yoga Instructor Training
Prof Development
Professional Development
PD Events
PD Grants
Online Courses
Join our Mentoring Program
Resources
Membership
Membership Options & Benefits
Membership Requirements
Membership Application forms
Membership Costs
Insurance Offering
Find a teacher
Australia & New Zealand
Travelling Teachers
Events
Australia & New Zealand
Online and other Countries
Havan & Kirtan
Member zone
Contact
SYTA takes seriously the privacy of those that visit our web site. We have established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information
we collect and how that information is used and safeguarded.
By accessing this website syta.org.au, you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this policy
at our sole discretion and without notice.
Members’ privacy
What information is collected from members, and why?
Members provide SYTA with personal information as part of the registration process. Some of this information is automatically added to our database.
We use this information to communicate with you about
• membership
• administration
• surveys
• upcoming events
• developments and news through the newsletter
In addition to the information provided through the registration process, you may also choose to provide SYTA with additional personal information
if you opt to display a "Teacher Profile" page on the SYTA website.
In the Member Zone of SYTA’s website there is access to a Discussion Forum and social media. SYTA receives information about you when you share
through these platforms.
Safeguarding your privacy
SYTA holds members’ personal information on password-protected databases on servers located off-site or in secure files held by SYTA.
Access to this personal information is restricted to SYTA Management Committee members and only for purposes permitted by this policy.
Disclosure of your personal information
SYTA will not disclose your personal information to any third party without your prior consent with the exception of the following situations where
SYTA may disclose such information:
• to disciplinary committees and/or investigative bodies
• to family or legal representatives
• to insurance companies
• where permitted or required by law
The only personal information that is disclosed to the public is that information you choose to provide in your ‘Teacher Profile’ page on the website.
If you have given prior consent, then your photo and/or audio visual recording may appear on the SYTA website.
Your Rights and Responsibilities
It is your responsibility to review and update your personal information regularly. SYTA will take reasonable steps to update information on receipt
of a request to do so and provision of proof of identity.
If you no longer wish to receive communications from SYTA then you may opt out by contacting sytasecretary@syta.org.au
or clicking on the Unsubscribe icon at the bottom of our emails.
Website User's Privacy
What information is collected, and why?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally. We track information such as
the domain from which the user is visiting and the user's browser type. We also collect specific information regarding the user's session on
our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed.
Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII). This information generally includes, but is not limited
to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number. We request this information when the user requests one of the following:
To apply for or renew SYTA membership
To create a teacher profile page
To correspond with us
Or any other such activity that we deem necessary
When conducting financial transactions on our website, you will be asked to provide certain financial information, such as your credit/debit card
and billing address. We do not keep or store your financial details in any way.
In addition, SYTA does not collect any health-related information and nor does it intentionally collect information from children under the
age of 18.
How is the information used?
Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyse how our website is used and to improve the content and service
the website provides.
Personally identifiable information is collected for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide to the user.
SYTA owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue contact
with the user. This may include follow-up calls, text messages, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact or
to provide marketing information about promotions, new services or important website changes. SYTA may share this information with its business
partners for the specific purpose of a promotion or service offering.
Are "Cookies" used on the website?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user's hard drive. We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies
are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more
useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites
use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify
a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you
may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the SYTA site if you do so.
How is personally identifiable information (PII) safeguarded?
SYTA utilises industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information.
Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed. Finally, access to PII is limited
to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.
Your membership privacy is ensured by your personal password to access the Member Zone of the SYTA website.
Links to other websites
SYTA's website may contain links to other internet websites. SYTA neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not responsible for the content
of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-SYTA websites. The inclusion of any linked
site does not constitute an endorsement by SYTA of that site.
How to opt out of correspondence
Based on the information a user has provided, SYTA may send e-mail correspondence to the user. Each correspondence will contain an easy means to
opt out of further correspondence.
Disclaimer
The content and information provided by SYTA through its website and associated social media such as SYTA Facebook, SYTA online courses, or
any of its members through newsletter publications, blog, and discussion forums is used for informational and educational purposes only.
SYTA takes reasonable steps to include accurate information on this website, but assumes no responsibility for any error or omissions in
the content of this site.
Limitation of Liability
Whilst taking all reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy of information contained in the documents published on this server, SYTA makes
no claims as to its accuracy. SYTA will not be liable for any damages arising out of their use.
For more information on this policy, please contact us at sytasecretary@syta.org.au .