http://www.yearsahead.com/content/privacy-policy/
Member Log In
Care providers: Get listed on this site
Years Ahead >
Privacy Policy
Print
Share
Years Ahead Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 10, 2018
This Privacy Policy describes the information collection, use and disclosure practices of Years Ahead, Inc. (“Years Ahead”) owned by Sittercity Incorporated applicable to this website (the “Site”) www.yearshead.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Years Ahead” means and includes Years Ahead and its affiliates and subsidiaries and its and their investors, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives and assigns. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. Terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the Years Ahead Terms of Use. By accessing, viewing, and/or using (each a “use”) the Site, each user (individually, “User” and collectively, “Users”) understands and agrees to the privacy practices contained herein. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “User” shall mean and include any person or entity that uses the Site, including without limitation those individuals (“care seekers”) seeking services from home care providers, assisted living facilities, nursing home facilities, residential care facilities, retirement facilities, adult day care facilities, senior apartment facilities or hospice facilities and those individuals and entities providing such services, as well as those offering senior care-related products and services (collectively, “care providers”). If you object to anything in this Privacy Policy or the Years Ahead Terms of Use, or otherwise do not understand or agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy or the Years Ahead Terms of Use, do not use the Site and exit immediately.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
1. Notice of Privacy Policy Changes. Users may print a copy of this Privacy Policy by using the print button or feature in the browser. Years Ahead suggests retaining a copy of this Privacy Policy for future reference. Years Ahead may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to information practices. If any material changes are made, User will be notified by email (sent to the email address provided) or by means of a notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective. Users are encouraged to periodically review this page for the latest information on the Years Ahead information practices.
2. Information Collection, Use and Removal. Years Ahead collects, stores, analyzes and uses information, content and materials Users post on the Site, submit to Years Ahead and/or submit to other Users on or through the Site or by any other medium or method, including without limitation contact information (such as name, email address and physical address), financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date) and health information (such as information indicating whether a User has a particular medical condition or other information indicative of a User’s health status, including information submitted to the needs assessment) (collectively, “User Information”). With the exception of health information, User information may be used by Years Ahead or third parties on Years Ahead’s behalf for purposes relating to the Site including, without limitation, fulfillment of orders, billing, payment, marketing and customer service matters. Years Ahead may collect health information through a needs assessment and may use it to identify care providers and products and services that may meet care seekers’ needs and preferences as well as for research purposes including, but not limited to, understanding the changing needs of the senior care marketplace. Years Ahead may also collect, store, analyze and use information about Users provided by others for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and in the Years Ahead Terms of Use, including without limitation payment processing services, and other online and offline sources. For assistance in removing User Information from Years Ahead’s database, please contact us at support@yearsahead.com.
3. Use of Tracking Technologies. Years Ahead and third parties on Years Ahead’s behalf use various tracking technologies, including without limitation cookies, or similar technologies, tokens, device fingerprinting, web analytics and other clickstream data, to collect, store, analyze, use and disclose information from and about
Users’ devices, Users’ activities on the Site and Users’ activities on the Internet, generally, in order to:
facilitate access to the Site;
offer a personalized experience when visiting the Site and using the Internet, generally;
deliver the products and services requested;
manage User accounts and provide Users with customer support;
perform research and analysis about the use of, or interest in, Years Ahead products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by third parties;
communicate by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to Users either from Years Ahead or other third parties;
track Users’ use of the Site, advertisements or e-mail messages;
develop, deliver and display targeted content and advertising on the Site and other websites;
measure the effectiveness of online advertising, content, programming or other activities
verify eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with promotions, sweepstakes and contests;
enforce our Terms of Use;
process payment for any purchases made on the Site;
protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions;
perform functions as otherwise needed to manage Years Ahead’s business; and
perform functions as otherwise described to Users at the time of collection.
The use of cookies by third parties are not covered by this privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Log Files. We log information about your use of the Site, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to the Site. We do link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. We do this for many reasons, including to improve services, marketing, analytics, and site functionality.
Behavioral Targeting / Retargeting. We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads
4. Information Disclosure. Years Ahead will disclose User Information to third parties only in the ways and for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy and the Years Ahead Terms of Use. Years Ahead may disclose User Information in Years Ahead’s sole discretion: (a) to third parties that provide services on behalf of Years Ahead and/or in connection with the Site; (b) if required or permitted pursuant to any applicable law such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, regulation, or court or administrative order; (c) in connection with any User’s violation of or to otherwise enforce Years Ahead’s rights under the Terms of Use or other agreements with Years Ahead; (d) to protect the property of Years Ahead; (e) to care providers in connection with the referral of care seekers to care providers or (f) to protect the personal safety and/or rights of employees of Years Ahead, other Users, or members of the public. Further, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Years Ahead may transfer, sell and/or distribute User Information to third parties for the satisfaction of any debt or upon liquidation of Years Ahead should such a situation arise and to a purchaser or transferee of all or a portion of Years Ahead’s assets in conjunction with the sale or transfer of such assets. With the exception of financial and health information, Years Ahead may also transfer, sell and/or distribute User Information at or for any other purpose in Years Ahead’s sole discretion.
5. Consent. By using this Site, User consents to Years Ahead’s collection, storage, analysis, use and disclosure of User Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and the Years Ahead Terms of Use.
6. Third Party Websites. The Site may contain third party advertising and links to third party websites. Years Ahead is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of these advertisers or websites. Please contact such advertisers or websites directly for more information about their privacy practices. Years Ahead expressly disclaims, and each User expressly releases Years Ahead from, any and all liability whatsoever for any controversies, claims, suits, injuries and/or damages, arising from and/or in any way related to third party advertisers and/or the use of links to third party websites that may appear on the Site, including without limitation such websites’ availability, privacy policies, content, advertising, and/or products or other materials.
7. Security. The Site uses reasonable security measures in an attempt to keep User Information secure, including without limitation Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology for sensitive User Information such as financial and health information. However, no data transmitted over or accessible through the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Years Ahead does not represent or warrant that User Information will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or from other nefarious or criminal activities, or in the event of a failure of computer hardware, software, or a telecommunications network. Any User Information is provided at User’s own risk. Years Ahead expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever for any controversies, claims, suits, injuries and/or damages, arising from and/or in any way related to any User Information, including without limitation to any acts by other Users or third parties with respect to such User Information. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at support@yearsahead.com.
8. Information Retention Policy. Years Ahead may retain User Information for a certain period of time in order to preserve the integrity of the Years Ahead databases, among other reasons. User consents to Years Ahead’s storage of all such User Information for this certain period of time, at Years Ahead’s sole discretion. If required by law, as is the case to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Years Ahead will delete User Information by erasing it from Years Ahead’s database upon request. Years Ahead will also respond to written member requests to nullify User Information that is eligible for nullification in accordance with Years Ahead’s then-current policies. However, Years Ahead will retain and use User Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce Years Ahead’s Terms of Use or other agreements. Any requests for such nullification will require verification of User’s identity. For nullification of User Information, or if you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact Years Ahead at support@yearsahead.com.
9. Choices Available to Users. Users can choose not to provide certain User Information, but the failure to provide certain User Information may result in the User being unable to use certain features of the Site such as registration, purchasing products or services, referral to care providers who may be appropriate for User’s needs and preferences, or asking a question on the Site.
Users can correct, delete inaccuracies, change or remove account information at any time by adjusting account settings. Certain types of information, such as age, cannot be altered without Years Ahead’s assistance. Please contact Years Ahead at support@yearsahead.com to change such information. We will endeavor to respond to the above requests within a reasonable timeframe.
10. Electronic Communications from Years Ahead. By using this Site, Users consent to Years Ahead and/or third parties acting on behalf of Years Ahead sending to User electronic messages relating to the Site and the business of Years Ahead. Users who need assistance opting out of communications, can contact Years Ahead at support@yearsahead.com. Users will be given the opportunity, in any commercial e-mail sent by Years Ahead, to opt-out of receiving such communications in the future using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email, though Users may not opt-out of receiving administrative emails. It may take up to 10 days to process an opt-out request. Opting out of Years Ahead communications will not automatically opt User out of third-party linked websites.
11. Public Forums. Any User Information disclosed in public areas of the Site, such as message boards, job boards, blogs, Facebook or Twitter spaces, becomes publicly-available information and Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose such User Information publicly. Years Ahead expressly disclaims, and each User expressly releases Years Ahead from, any and all liability whatsoever for any controversies, claims, suits, injuries and/or damages, arising from and/or in any way related to any User Information, including without limitation to any acts by Users with respect to such User Information. To request removal of User Information from the blog or community forum, contact us at support@yearsahead.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove User Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
12. Protection of Children’s Privacy. This Site is not developed for, nor is directed at children. Therefore, Years Ahead does not intend to collect information from children under 13 years of age. If it is discovered that Years Ahead has inadvertently collected information from a child under 13 years of age, Years Ahead will promptly take all reasonable measures to delete that data from databases and systems.
Note to parents: If your child is under 18 years of age and has become a Years Ahead member using a false age, please notify us atsupport@yearsahead.com so that we can immediately close the account and nullify all personal information collected from them. To do so, you will need to provide your full name, address, phone number, e-mail address and child’s User name.
13. Miscellaneous.
Import Contacts. Users may import contacts from Outlook or other email account address books to invite contacts to become members of the Site. Years Ahead collects the username and password for the email account imported and will only use it for that purpose.
Facebook Connect. Users can log into the Site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect. These services will authenticate User’s identity and provide the option to share certain information such as name and email address to pre-populate the sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give Users the option to post information about User’s activities on this Site to User’s profile page to share with others within User’s network.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets. This Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect Users  IP address, which page User is visiting on the  site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Site. User interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Testimonials.  Years Ahead posts customer testimonials on the Site which may contain personal information. Years Ahead obtains the User’s consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post User’s name along with User’s testimonial. If User needs to have User Information removed from User’s testimonial, please contact Years Ahead at support@yearsahead.com. In some cases, Years Ahead may not be able to remove User Information, in which case Years Ahead will let User know if unable to do so and why.
Referral Program. If Users choose to use the Years Ahead referral service to tell a friend about the Site, Users will be asked for the third party’s name and email address. Years Ahead will automatically send that third party a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site. Years Ahead stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Third parties may contact us to request that their information be removed from the Years Ahead database.
Surveys. From time-to-time Years Ahead may provide Users the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on the Site. If Users participate, certain User Information will be requested. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and Users therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this User Information. The requested User Information typically includes contact information, including without limitation name, email address and physical address, and demographic information, including without limitation zip code.
14. Contacting Years Ahead. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
By email: support@yearsahead.com
By phone: 1-877-719-3056
By mail: 20 West Kinzie Street #1500, Chicago, Illinois 60654