http://www.crimeandjustice.org.uk/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
The new GDPR legislation replaces current data privacy law, giving more rights to you as an individual and more obligations to organisations holding your personal data.
One of the rights is a right to be informed, which means we have to give you even more information than we did previously about the way in which we use, share and store your personal information.
We have published a new privacy notice so you can access this information, along with information about the increased rights you have in relation to the information we hold on you and the legal basis for which we are using it.
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies (CCJS) collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
•    visitors to our websites;
•    enquiries;
•    people who use our services, e.g. who subscribe to our newsletter or attend an event;
•    job applicants
Visitors to our websites
When someone visits www.crimeandjustice.org.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Our website logs hits from visitors to the site so that we can see how the site is being used and thus improve its design. We do this by placing a cookie on your computer.
If you would prefer that we don't do this you can tell your browser to refuse cookies from us and you can delete the cookie we will have already sent you if your browser let us. You can find out more about cookies and how to refuse and delete them here.
If you would like to reproduce material carried on this website please email info@crimeandjustice.org.uk.
Search engine
Our website search is powered by Drupal. Search queries and results are logged anonymously to help us improve our website and search functionality. No user-specific data is collected by either CCJS or any third party. For more information, please see Drupal’s privacy notice.
E-newsletter
We use a third party provider, CiviCRM to deliver our e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see CiviCRM’s privacy notice.
WordPress
We use a third party service to publish the Community Plan for Holloway website. This site is hosted at WordPress.com, which is run by Automattic Inc. We use a standard WordPress service to collect anonymous information about users' activity on the site, for example the number of users viewing pages on the site, to monitor and report on the effectiveness of the site and help us improve it. WordPress requires visitors that want to post a comment to enter a name and email address. For more information about how WordPress processes data, please see https://automattic.com/privacy.
Fat Beehive
We’ve hired Fat Beehive to publish and edit our One Small Thing website. Follow this link to Fat Beehive’s privacy notice.
People who contact us via social media
We use a third party provider, Hootsuite, to manage our social media interactions.
If you send us a private or direct message via social media the message will be stored by Hootsuite for three months. It will not be shared with any other organisations.
People who email us
We protect our contacts’ informational assets from unauthorised access by using encryption and/or keeping them in a secure computing environment. We will also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
Enquiries
We encourage people to contact us if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of CCJS’s collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.
If you want to make a comment or complaint about the way we have processed your personal information, you can contact us via www.crimeandjustice.org.uk/about/contact-us.
People who use CCJS services
CCJS offers various services to the public. We use a third party to deal with some publication requests, but they are only allowed to use the information to send out the publications.
We have to hold the details of the people who have requested the service in order to provide it. However, we only use these details to provide the service the person has requested and for other closely related purposes. For example, we might use information about people who have requested a publication to carry out a survey to find out if they are happy with the level of service they received. When people do subscribe to our services, they can cancel their subscription at any time and are given an easy way of doing this.
Job applicants
CCJS is the data controller for the information you provide during the process unless otherwise stated. If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your information please contact us at info@crimeandjustice.org.uk.
What will we do with the information you provide to us?
All of the information you provide during the process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.
We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us whether the information is in electronic or physical format.
We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.
What information do we ask for, and why?
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You don’t have to provide what we ask for but it might affect your application if you don’t.
How long is the information retained for?
If you are successful, the information you provide during the application process will be retained by us as part of your employee file for the duration of your employment plus six years following the end of your employment.
If you are unsuccessful at any stage of the process, the information you have provided until that point will be retained for six months from the closure of the campaign. Information generated throughout the assessment process, for example interview notes, is retained by us for six months following the closure of the campaign.
Equal opportunities information is retained for six months following the closure of the campaign whether you are successful or not.
Your rights
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you. You can read more about these rights here – https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correc...
Access to personal information
CCJS tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’ under the Data Protection Act 1998. If we do hold information about you we will:
•    give you a description of it;
•    tell you why we are holding it;
•    tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
•    let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to CCJS for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing addressing it to our Data Protection Lead, or writing to the address provided below.
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone. If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by, once again, contacting the Data Protection Lead.
Disclosure of personal information
In many circumstances we will not disclose personal data without consent. When we organise joint events, for example, we may need to share personal information with partner organisations concerned and with other relevant bodies.
You can also get further information on:
•    agreements we have with other organisations for sharing information;
•    circumstances where we can pass on personal data without consent for example, to prevent and detect crime and to produce anonymised statistics;
•    our instructions to staff on how to collect, use and delete personal data; and
•    how we check that the information we hold is accurate and up to date.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 16 May, 2018.
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us at: info@crimeandjustice.or.uk or write to:
Centre for Crime and Justice Studies
2 Langley Lane
Vauxhall
London
SW8 1GB