http://www.illinoisbar.org/terms
Skip to main content
Terms and Conditions
Illinois State Bar Association’s Website Statement onTerms of Use, Copyright, and Disclaimers
Please read this agreement carefully before using this website. By accessing this website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you should not access or use this website.
The Illinois State Bar Association presents the information on this website and its affiliated websites as a service to its members and other internet users. Information on this site or any site to which we link does not constitute legal advice. Any unauthorized downloading or distribution of any copyrighted material from this website or other websites to which we link, without the copyright owner's express written permission, is strictly prohibited.
Social Media:
The ISBA has established platforms on third-party hosted social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, and others. ISBA has established these platforms for the benefit of members and the public. These platforms are covered by the ISBA's website Terms and Conditions, Privacy, and Email Discussion Group Policies. Use of these platforms will not be moderated or monitored except on an infrequent basis or as issues are brought to the ISBA's attention. The opinions and views expressed on these platforms by members and the public do not reflect the views of the ISBA. Posting commercial information or advertising is prohibited. The ISBA reserves the right to edit or remove any objectionable material or prohibit individual users from posting for any reason. Users of these platforms are cautioned that they are hosted by third-parties and governed by the privacy, terms and conditions, and other policies of the third-party host.
Member Directory:
The ISBA provides a member directory for member only use that includes by default all ISBA members by name and city. Members may opt-out of this service. In addition, members may choose to provide additional information for the directory such as contact or practice information. The ISBA does not verify any information provided by its members for this directory nor is it responsible for the information so provided.
Copyright:
Unless otherwise noted, materials on the Illinois State Bar Association website and its affiliated websites are the copyrighted property of the Illinois State Bar Association and may not be reproduced or distributed without the express permission of the Illinois State Bar Association. Requests to use any materials on this website should be directed to jfenski@isba.org. Additionally, materials on the Illinois State Bar Association's web site and its affiliated websites may not be used to create any other publications, online services, or websites without the express written consent of the Illinois State Bar Association. To the best of our knowledge, materials on any site to which we link are those of its copyright owner.
If you see information or materials on this, or an affiliated, website or ISBA social media platforms in which you claim a copyright that you believe is being infringed, please provide the required notification under Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(e) to the ISBA's Designated (copyright) Agent: Tim Slating, 424 South Second St., Springfield, Illinois 62701, tslating@isba.org.
Disclaimer of Liability:
The Illinois State Bar Association provides the information on its web sites as a service to our members and other Internet users. If you have questions about the application of the law in a particular case, consult your lawyer. The law is constantly changing. Information on this site or any site to which we link does not constitute legal advice. The Illinois State Bar Association makes no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy or reliability of any content on its websites or the websites to which we link. If you do not have a lawyer, you may contact the Illinois State Bar Association's Illinois Lawyer Finder Referral Service at 1-800-922-8757.
The ISBA disclaims all warranties with regard to information on this, or an affiliated, website or any ISBA social media platform, whether posted by the ISBA or a third party. This disclaimer includes all implied warranties of Merchantability and Fitness for a Particular Purpose. In no event shall the ISBA be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of any information posted on this site. Any information or material viewed, accessed, downloaded, or otherwise obtained through the use of this, or an affiliated, website or any ISBA social media platform, is accessed at your own discretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any use of such information or material.
By using this, or an affiliated, website or any ISBA social media platform, you are acknowledging and agreeing that you've read this disclaimer, understand it, and are waiving any cause of action you may have against the ISBA.
No Service Warranties:
The Illinois State Bar Association makes every effort to keep its websites available at all times. However, loss of Internet connectivity or failures of hardware or software may still occur. The Illinois State Bar Association cannot guarantee the availability of its website and the information, software, and other materials available or accessible through this website. For these reasons, availability is on an "as is" and "and available basis" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. The Illinois State Bar Association does not warrant, represent, or otherwise guarantee that its website services will be error free or uninterrupted, or that any material available or accessible through the website is free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, malware, hacking, security intrusions of any kind, or other harmful components.
Under no circumstances shall the Illinois State Bar Association be liable for any damages that result in any way from your use or inability to use the website or your reliance on or use of information, products, or services provided on or accessible through its website.
Indemnification:
By using this website, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the Illinois State Bar Association harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees, related to any violation of these terms and conditions by you.
Changes to this Statement:
ISBA may occasionally update this Statement on Terms of Use, Copyright, and Disclaimers. ISBA encourages members and internet users to periodically review this statement.
View ISBA's Privacy Policy
Effective October 1, 2014