http://www.charitychoice.co.uk/help-for-donors
Login or Sign up
Find a Charity
Charity Reports
Gifts in Wills
Stories
Are You a Charity?
Register Your Charity
The Fundraiser Blog
Find a Volunteer
Find Donated Goods
Fundraising Tips and Guides
Events
Help for Donors
Can I donate to charities through Charity Choice?
Can I donate to charities through Charity Choice?
Yes! You can still donate to your favourite charities via the Charity Choice website. However on the 31st July 2018 we updated the Charity Choice donation facility service so that charities can now link to a donation facility of their choice -  we no longer provide our own service.
This means that when you click on a donate now button on the Charity Choice website the link there will take you to an external page. This could be a BT My donate page, a Just Giving page, the charities's own donation page on their website or another service that they've chosen.
If your chosen charity doesn’t have a donation link please let us know by emailing enquiries@charitychoice.co.uk and we will contact them and update their page.
Please be aware that if you donate through one of these external links and you have a query about your donation you’ll need to contact either the charity or the donation facility provider directly. These external links also affect your privacy rights so contact them directly for information.
If you have registered at any time with Charity Choice our own privacy policy still applies – see here https://www.charitychoice.co.uk/privacy-policy If you donated through Charity Choice up to and including the 31st July 2018 we will still, of course, be able to help you with your query please contact us at enquiries@charitychoice.co.uk
Top of page
General
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with Us
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Charity Supporters
Download a charity report
Donate
Find an event
Leave a gift in your Will
Volunteer
Offer Goods
Charities
Create a microsite
Help For Charities
Promote your event
Find volunteers
Find offered goods
Book Store
Charity Terms & Conditions
Follow Us
© 2020 Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd, a division of Wilmington plc.
Wilmington Publishing & Information Ltd is a company registered in England & Wales with company number 03368442 GB.
Registered office: 5th Floor, The White Chapel Building, 10 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 8QS.
VAT NO.GB 899 3725 51