http://www.themodgeneration.com/privacy-policy
Sign In
Privacy Policy
We take the privacy of our visitors very seriously.
We use certain third parties to perform functions and provide services to us like hosting and maintenance, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties but only to the extent necessary to perform the services we need and we require our third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.
Your profile image and user name will be displayed to people using The Mod Generation website. Other information that you put in your profile section will also be displayed for people using the site unless you set otherwise in your profile privacy settings. If you contact us by email through the site we may keep a record of your email and contact information and may use the information to reply to you.
In addition we may use your contact information to market to you and provide you with information about The Mod Generation. If you decide at any time you do not want to receive emails from us please check on the option on your email settings page.
When you visit our site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. This data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, or the domain from which you are visiting, the web pages you visit, the search terms you use, and any ads on which you click. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service.
We also use “cookies” to collect additional website usage data and to improve our site and server. A cookie is a small data file that we put onto your hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. We use session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you use the site and to improve our services. Session cookies are removed after each visit to the site. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions and you can set your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from a website you visit.
If you are a registered user of the site, you may access or update your information from your settings page.
or Sign In