http://www.squire.law.cam.ac.uk/terms-use-privacy-and-cookies/terms-and-conditions-use-5
skip to content
Study at Cambridge
About the University
Research at Cambridge
Search site
Home
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Courses
Applying
Events and open days
Fees and finance
Student blogs and videos
Postgraduate
Why Cambridge
Course directory
How to apply
Fees
Funding
Frequently asked
questions
International
students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the
University and Colleges work
History
Visiting the University
Term dates and calendars
Map
For media
Video and audio
Find an expert
Publications
International Cambridge
News
Events
Public engagement
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
For staff
For current students
For alumni
For business
Colleges & departments
Libraries & facilities
Museums & collections
Email & phone search
HomeTerms of use, privacy and cookies
University Library
Research Centres
Institute of Criminology
Faculty of Law
Computer Office
Moodle
Squire Law Library
Home
About the libraryAbout the library overview
A brief history
A tradition of benefactionA tradition of benefaction overview
Squire Centenary Lecture Lord Woolf: The Rule of Law and a Change in Constitution
Staff directory
Location map
Library Floorplan
Plan your visit
ServicesServices overview
Student servicesStudent services overview
CollectionsCollections overview
By floor
By classification
Public International LawPublic International Law overview
Holdings of Public International Law
Conflict of Laws
Foreign & Comparative Law
European Union LawEuropean Union Law overview
Holdings of European Union Law
Maitland Legal History Room
Suggest a book
Electronic resourcesElectronic resources overview
Legal databases
News databases
Research guidesResearch guides overview
English Law
Guide to Electronic Sources of International Law
Current awareness
Training resources
Eminent Scholars ArchiveEminent Scholars Archive overview
Professor Rochelle C DreyfussProfessor Rochelle C Dreyfuss overview
Bibliography
Conversation with Professor Rochelle C Dreyfuss
Mr David Eryl Corbet YaleMr David Eryl Corbet Yale overview
Bibliography
Biography
Conversations with Mr David Eryl Corbet Yale
Photographs
Mr Colin Conyngham TurpinMr Colin Conyngham Turpin overview
Bibliography
Biography
Photographs
Tributes
Professor William Rodolph CornishProfessor William Rodolph Cornish overview
Bibliography
Extended biography
Conversations with Professor William Cornish
Photographs
Professor Harold Hongju KohProfessor Harold Hongju Koh overview
Bibliography
Conversation with Professor Harold Hongju Koh
Photographs
Judge James CrawfordJudge James Crawford overview
Bibliography
Biography
International Litigation
Conversations with Judge James Crawford
Photographs
Professor Sir John LawsProfessor Sir John Laws overview
Bibliography
Conversation with Professor Sir John Laws
Photographs
Professor Sir JH BakerProfessor Sir JH Baker overview
Bibliography
Biography
Conversations with Professor Sir JH Baker
Photographs
Professor Cheryl SaundersProfessor Cheryl Saunders overview
Bibliography
Conversation with Professor Cheryl Saunders
Photographs
Professor Anthony Terry Hanmer (Tony) SmithProfessor Anthony Terry Hanmer (Tony) Smith overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor Tony Smith
Photographs
Professor David DyzenhausProfessor David Dyzenhaus overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor David Dyzenhaus
Professor Leslie ZinesProfessor Leslie Zines overview
Bibliography
Conversation with Professor Leslie Zines
Additional Resources
Dame Rosalyn HigginsDame Rosalyn Higgins overview
Bibliography
Biography
Conversation with Dame Rosalyn Higgins
Photographs
Professor Gerald PostemaProfessor Gerald Postema overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor Gerald Postema
Photographs
Professor Spyridon FlogaitisProfessor Spyridon Flogaitis overview
A Conversation with Professor Spyridon Flogaitis
Spyridon Flogaitis: Greece: A State With Weak Institutions, in Crisis
Photographs of Professor Spyridon Flogaitis
Professor Len SealyProfessor Len Sealy overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor Len Sealy
Notes on the Faculty Building
Photographs of Professor Len Sealy
Professor P.J. AllottProfessor P.J. Allott overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor P.J. Allott
Photographs of Professor P.J. Allott
P.J. Allott: 80th Birthday celebrations
Letters, essays & commentariesLetters, essays & commentaries overview
Selected articles
An Ideal World Like Our World, But Completely Different
The Current State of the UK Withdrawal from the EU (Brexit). A Comprehensive Analysis
Seven Philosophers in Search of Universal Society. Change the World in thirty minutes
The True Nature of International Law
The EU and the Decline of European Civilisation
The Past of the Future
The True Function of Education
International Society and the Ideal of Justice (UN)
The Idealist's Dilemma (ILA)
Curing the Madness of the Intergovernmental World
Universal Values or European Citizens’ Individual Rights?
Welcome to Eutopia!
Letter to The Times December 2018
Professor Peter CaneProfessor Peter Cane overview
Bibliography
A Conversation with Professor Peter Cane
Mr Michael J PrichardMr Michael J Prichard overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Michael Prichard: First Interview
Conversations with Michael Prichard: Second Interview
Conversations with Michael Prichard: Third Interview
Photographs
Professor Jane StapletonProfessor Jane Stapleton overview
Bibliography
A Conversation with Professor Jane Stapleton
Professor Justice Paul FinnProfessor Justice Paul Finn overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor Justice Paul Finn
Select Decisions
Professor Stroud Francis Charles (Toby) MilsomProfessor Stroud Francis Charles (Toby) Milsom overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor Toby Milsom: First Interview
Conversations with Professor Toby Milsom: Second Interview
Conversations with Professor Toby Milsom: Third Interview
Conversations with Professor Toby Milsom: Fourth Interview
Photographs of Professor Toby Milsom
British Academy Memoir by John Baker
Tributes
Professor J.A. JolowiczProfessor J.A. Jolowicz overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor JA Jolowicz: First Interview
Conversations with Professor JA Jolowicz: Second Interview
Conversations with Professor JA Jolowicz: Third Interview
Obituaries of Professor JA Jolowicz
Photographs of Professor JA Jolowicz
Professor Sir Bob HeppleProfessor Sir Bob Hepple overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor Sir Bob Hepple First Interview
Conversations with Professor Sir Bob Hepple Second Interview
Conversations with Professor Sir Bob Hepple Third Interview
Photographs of Professor Sir Bob Hepple
Order of Luthuli Gold Medal
In Memory of Professor Sir Bob Hepple
Professor Sir Robin AuldProfessor Sir Robin Auld overview
Conversations with Professor Sir Robin Auld
Professor Martti KoskenniemiProfessor Martti Koskenniemi overview
Publications
Judge Stephen M. SchwebelJudge Stephen M. Schwebel overview
Bibliography
A Conversation with Judge Stephen M. Schwebel
Photographs of Judge Stephen M. Schwebel
The Cases of Judge Stephen M. Schwebel
Professor Sir Elihu LauterpachtProfessor Sir Elihu Lauterpacht overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor Sir Eli LauterpachtConversations with Professor Sir Eli Lauterpacht overview
First Interview
Second Interview
Third Interview
Fourth Interview
Fifth Interview
Sixth Interview
Seventh Interview
International Litigation
Photographs
80th Birthday Speech
Recollections and Reflections of International Law
Memorial Symposium and Service: Sir Elihu Lauterpacht
In memory of Professor Sir Elihu Lauterpacht: Obituaries
Professor Peter SteinProfessor Peter Stein overview
Bibliography
Autobiography
Conversations with Professor Stein: First Interview
Conversations with Professor Stein: Second Interview
Conversations with Professor Stein: Third Interview
Photographs of Professor Stein
Professor Sir Derek BowettProfessor Sir Derek Bowett overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Professor Sir Derek Bowett: Emeritus Whewell Professor of International Law
International Litigation
Sir Derek Bowett Memorial Service Address
British Academy Memoir by John Tiley
Photographs of Professor Sir Derek Bowett
Mr R.W.M. DiasMr R.W.M. Dias overview
Bibliography
Conversations with Mr R.W.M Dias : First Interview
Conversations with Mr R.W.M Dias : Second Interview
Conversations with Mr R.W.M Dias : Third Interview
Mr R.W.M. Dias Memorial Address
Mr R.W.M. Dias Obituary
Photographs of Mr R.W.M. Dias: Forefathers
Photographs of Mr R.W.M. Dias: Mr R.W.M. Dias & Family
Photographs of Mr R.W.M. Dias: The Journey to Cambridge 1939
Photographs of Mr R.W.M. Dias: Views of London and Devon 1939
Photographs of Mr R.W.M. Dias: Views of the Cambridge Colleges 1939
Mr R.W.M. Dias 50 Years on - a Tribute
Professor Kurt LipsteinProfessor Kurt Lipstein overview
Bibliography
Comments and Condolences for Professor Lipstein
Conversations with Kurt Lipstein: First Interview
Conversations with Kurt Lipstein: Second Interview
Conversations with Kurt Lipstein: Third Interview
Conversations with Kurt Lipstein: Fourth Interview
Kurt Lipstein: Lecturing the English Legal Methods Course
Other reference materials
Photographs of Professor Kurt Lipstein
Photographs of Professor Kurt Lipstein's 70th PhD anniversary
Arthur Goodhart Visiting Professor in Legal ScienceArthur Goodhart Visiting Professor in Legal Science overview
Arthur Goodhart Visiting Professorship in Legal Science: Photographs
Arthur Lehman Goodhart 1891-1978
Past and Current Goodhart Professors
The Janus Archive
Contact us
Terms and conditions of use
Squire Law LibrarySquire Law LibraryAbout the library
Plan your visit
Services
Collections
Electronic resources
Eminent Scholars Archive
Contact us
Welcome to the website of the Squire Law Library (the "Library"). This website (the "Site") is operated by the Faculty of Law (the "Faculty") to provide online access to information about the activities of the Library and its connected organisations.
By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you may not use this website. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these terms of use at any time.
1. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
The information contained on the Site is for general information purposes only. While we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, the information on the Site is provided "as is". We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the Site or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the Site for any purpose. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implies, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Every effort is made to ensure the Site remains available. However, the Faculty takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the Site being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control, or for maintenance or other technical reasons. We do not warrant that the function of the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Site or the servers that make the Site available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary loss or damage, or
(i) any loss or damage whatsoever arising from the use of or inability to use the Site;
(ii) any transaction conducted through or facilitated by the Site;
(iii) any claim arising from errors, omissions, or inaccuracies appearing on the Site;
(iv) unauthorised access to or alteration of data or transmissions; or
(v) any loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this Site.
Use of the site by staff and students of the University of Cambridge is also subject to the University's policies and guidelines for computer use at https://www.uis.cam.ac.uk/about-us/governance/uis-policies-and-guidelines.
If you are dissatisfied with the Site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
2. Use of Site
You may use the Site and the information, writings, images and/or other works that you see, hear, or otherwise experience on the Site (the "Content") solely for your non-commercial, personal purposes, with attribution. No right, title, or interest in any Content is transferred to you, whether as a result of downloading such Content or otherwise. Except as expressly authorized by the Terms of Use, you may not use, modify, copy, distribute, transmit or derive another work from any Content obtained from this Site.
3. Limitations on Use
You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes. You may not take any action that might compromise the security of the Site, render the Site inaccessible to other users or otherwise damage the Site or the Content. You may not use the Site in any manner that may interfere with the rights of third parties.
4. Copyright and Trademarks
4.1 Copyright
This Site and its Content are protected by the copyright laws of England and Wales and/or foreign copyright laws. All rights, title, and interest to the Content contained in the Site belong to the Faculty or its partners, affiliates or contributors who have authorised the use of their work on the Site.
4.2 Prohibited Uses
You may not, except by our express written permission or as provided elsewhere in the Site, copy, alter, distribute or commercially exploit the Content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
4.3 Trademarks
You may not use any of the marks or logos appearing throughout these Site without express written permission from the trademark owner, except as permitted pursuant to applicable law.
5. Links to Third-Party Web Sites
From time to time the Site may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s) or that we are in any way affiliated with the website(s). We are not liable or responsible for any such linked website(s) or their content. If you use the links, you will leave the Site and will be subject to the terms of use and privacy policies applicable to the linked website(s), which may differ from those applicable to these Site. We are not liable or responsible for any loss or damage resulting from failure to consult the privacy policies of such linked website(s) or for reliance on these Terms of Use with respect to such linked website(s).
6. Linking to this Site
You are free to create a link to the home page or any other parts or pages of these Site from another website or document. However, you may not mirror or frame the home page or any other pages of these Site on any other website or webpage without express written consent.
7. User-Supplied Information
The Faculty does not receive any confidential or proprietary information from you via the Site. You hereby warrant and guarantee that any material, information, or data you transmit to us via or in connection with the Site is to be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You also warrant and guarantee that you have the legal right to transmit, post, or supply any information you transmit, post, or supply to the Site and that doing so will not violate applicable law or the rights of any individual or entity.
8. General Provisions
8.1 Entire Agreement
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy and Cookie Policy, constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter herein.
8.2 Severability
If any part of these Terms of Use is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.
8.3 Applicable Law
Your use of these Sites and any dispute arising out of such use is subject to, governed by, and will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws England and Wales, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions.
Contact us
The Squire Law Library
The David Williams Building
10 West Road
Cambridge CB3 9DZ
United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 1223 330077
Email: squire@law.cam.ac.uk
Terms and Conditions
Opening hours
Legal referencing
Terms of use, privacy and cookiesTerms and conditions of use
Privacy
Cookies
Accesskeys
Connect with us
Twitter
Email
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Quick links
Events
Jobs
Site map
© 2020 University of Cambridge
University A-Z
Contact the University
Accessibility
Freedom of information
Terms and conditions
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
International
students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the University
and Colleges work
Visiting the University
Map
News
Events
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
News
Features
Discussion
Spotlight on...
About research at Cambridge