http://www.amplifyme.us/docs/privacy.cfm
home))
programs))
workshops))
music, videos and artists))
support us))
contact us))
privacy statement
We understand that your privacy is very important to you. You can trust we
make every effort to handle your personal information in a secure and safe way.
The only information we will ask for at our Web site is what is required to
fulfill your requests.
amplifyme will not share any information about our clients
which we collect at our Web site with anyone. If you provide us with your
personal information, or comments,
we keep your personal
information private. We value your privacy as much as you do.
amplifyme will use your e-mail or U. S. mail address only to
contact you about services you have indicated are of interest to
you.
No unauthorized parties will be allowed access to your personal information
and we will not sell or otherwise knowingly make your information available to
anyone outside our organization, unless required to do so by law.
Privacy is of great importance on the internet. Technology is constantly
changing, and we will change along with it. We will be on constant guard against
piracy, and implement whatever measures are required to give you the most secure
experience we can reasonably provide. We reserve the right to change this
policy, and to apply any changes to information previously collected, as
permitted by law.
Our site writes a small data file called a cookie on your computer that helps us gather information for Web site traffic reports (e.g. hits & visitor counts). No
personal information is placed in this file. The file is removed when you exit
your browser.
Our Web site contains links to other sites. We cannot be
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of sites that do not belong
to amplifyme
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact amplifyme
Find Us
Follow Us
Donate Now
ABOUT US))
JOBS))
NEWS))
RESOURCE CENTER))
© Copyright 2011 amplifyme))
Privacy
Terms of Use
Twitter feed