http://www.nycaudubon.org/privacy-policy
Search...
HomeABOUT USGO BIRDINGEVENTS & ADVENTURESCONSERVATIONTAKE ACTIONSUPPORT US
About Us
Vision & MissionOur StaffLeadership & GovernanceBoard of DirectorsAdvisory CouncilEquity, Diversity, and InclusionOur HistoryOur PublicationsThe Urban AudubonThe eGretSyrinx - NYC Audubon's BlogLook Around NYCBird-Friendly Building DesignStrategic Plan 2020-2025Annual ReportsJobs & InternshipsContact Us
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by or on behalf of New York City Audubon ("NYC Audubon"). NYC Audubon is committed to protecting its users' privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you on the NYC Audubon website located at www.nycaudubon.org (the "Site"). Your use of the NYC Audubon Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we treat information collected on this Site. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
Information We CollectWhile a significant amount of the Site is available without registration, in order to take advantage of some of our Site's features, you will be asked to provide personal information. Personal information will be collected at various pages on the Site, such as the general registration page and pages that allow registration for various services including:
joining NYC Audubon
volunteering with NYC Audubon
registering for classes and field trips
signing up for email newsletters and other NYC Audubon information
making online donations to NYC Audubon
creating an account
Personal information collected on these pages may include your first and last name, email address, phone number, street or mailing address, and other similar information. Providing this information is optional, but failure to do so in some cases will limit the services available to you. In addition, you may choose to provide NYC Audubon with personal information if you contact us by email.
CookiesNYC Audubon's web servers automatically collect Site usage information from you when you visit the Site, such as IP addresses, browser types, operating systems, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses. Site usage information informs us about how our visitors use and navigate the Site. In addition, certain pages of the Site may use cookies to track and store your information for the purposes described in this policy. Cookies are small files that are placed on your hard disk to allow us to recognize you if you return to the Site using the same computer and browser. NYC Audubon does not store any of your personal information in cookies. A cookie cannot read any other data off your hard drive, pass on a virus, or read cookie files created by other websites. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. While you may decide not to accept cookies, by doing so, you may not be able to experience the full functionality of our Site.
How We Use Your InformationWe may combine the personally identifiable information you provide NYC Audubon with other information about you that is available to us, including information from other sources. NYC Audubon does not rent, sell or trade email contact information and we do not rent or sell any personally identifiable information but may use your information to, among other things:
provide newsletters and information about NYC Audubon
notify you of classes, field trips and other special offers and information
accept online donations
respond to your inquiries
compile anonymous, aggregated information that is useful to develop new features for our visitors, improve the content and navigation of the Site, analyze trends and statistics, and ensure our Site remains relevant to your needs
monitor and improve our online services
develop new offerings and services
enforce NYC Audubon's Terms of Use and otherwise prevent illegal or improper activity related to the Site
notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy, or to other policies or terms that may affect you and your use of the Site
From time to time, we may share your mailing address with other non-profit organizations whose services may be of interest to our supporters. We carefully screen these organizations. If you would not like your name to be shared with other organizations, just tell us. You can opt-out by contacting us via email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
. We will not provide any of your personal information to other organizations if you elect to keep your record private.
For the purposes described above, we may share your information with our third party service providers, such as our website operators and payment processors, and, where appropriate, law enforcement authorities. Third party recipients of your information are obligated (except where otherwise required by law enforcement authorities) to treat your personally identifiable information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Only our employees and employees of our independent contractors, third party service providers and affiliates with a need to know will have access to your information and only for the purposes identified above. We may also disclose your information in connection with a consolidation of all or substantially all of our assets with a third party, provided that such third party agrees to comply with our Privacy Policy.
SecurityNYC Audubon maintains commercially reasonable safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information submitted to our Site. To prevent unauthorized access and to protect our users' personal information, we employ industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies. If you are still concerned about the safety of your credit card, you may submit payment and personal information by mail to NYC Audubon as instructed on the appropriate pages of our Site. Your account password is also a component of the NYC Audubon security system. As such, it is your responsibility to protect it. Do not share your password with any third parties. If your password has been compromised for any reason, please notify NYC Audubon immediately.
Your Ability to ChooseWe communicate with you to provide information about NYC Audubon and our products and services. You may always choose to not receive our emails by following the instructions at the bottom of each email you receive from us.
Links to Other SitesThis Site contains links to third party websites that are provided for your convenience. NYC Audubon does not endorse nor is it responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We recommend that you review the privacy policies and terms of use that govern those websites when you visit them.
NYC Audubon does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. In any section of the site that requests personal information, visitors 13 years of age and under are reminded to obtain permission from an adult before supplying the requested information.
Review and CorrectionWe try to keep information about you accurate and current. If, however, you find errors or inaccuracies in your information, or if your contact information changes, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
, and we will update your information upon request.
Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the Privacy Policy. For material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our Site. We will not materially alter the use of your personally identifiable information without contacting you directly and seeking your affirmative consent.
Contact InformationIf you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
NYC Audubon71 West 23rd Street, Suite 1523New York, NY 10010 or e-mail us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
New York City Audubon
• 71 W. 23rd St., Suite 1523  New York, NY 10010
• 212-691-7483
Site Map
• Privacy Policy
• Contact Us
Our website is protected by DMC Firewall!