https://www.animalwelfareparty.org/privacy/
The UK Political Party for People, Animals and the Environment
Home
Elections
Current Elections
May 2021
2020 London Assembly Election
Previous Elections
2019 General Election
2019 EU Parliament Elections
2019 Local Elections
2017 General Election
2016 London Assembly Election
2015 Tower Hamlets Mayoral Election
2016 Northern Ireland Assembly Election
2016 Scottish Parliament Election
2015 General Election
2014 EU Elections
Our Candidates 2014 EU Elections
2010 General elections
2010 Dutch elections
2009 European Parliament
2008 London Assembly
Vision
Vision
Aims and Principles
FAQ
2019 General Election Manifesto
2019 EU Parliament Manifesto
2017 GE Manifesto
2015 GE manifesto
2014 EU manifesto
2010 GE manifesto
2009 EU manifesto
About
Committee of National Officers
Representatives
Celebrity Support
Business support
Media
Press coverage
Press releases
Similar initiatives
Donors
Contact Us
Privacy
Get Involved
Become a Member
Existing Members Preferences Update
Become a Supporter
Existing Supporter Preferences Update
Donate
Vacancies
Candidates
Volunteer
Events
News
SHOP
Make A Donation
Privacy
Animal Welfare Party Privacy Policy
Animal Welfare Party (AWP) is committed to protecting any personal data we receive, while we
campaign for a fairer society for sentient beings. This notice sets out in summary what personal
data we collect, what purposes we use it for, what our legal basis for collecting this data is and
what you can do if you object to our collection of your data. This notice is designed to be
readable and accessible and therefore does not set out all the details of our policies on data
protection – if the information below does not provide the answer you are looking for, please
contact our Data Protection Officer (contact details at the end of this document).
Who We Are
Animal Welfare Party (“AWP” or “the party”) is a UK Political Party. In terms of processing data
under the Data Protection Act, AWP is a “data controller”.
The party’s address is: 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ.
What Data We Collect
Much of the data that we collect is data that supporters of the party have directly given us, either
by becoming a Member of the party or by signing up as a Registered Supporter of the party.
This information is likely to be name, address, email address and phone number and may have
been provided through an on-line form or a paper form. We are likely to have similar
information on people who have volunteered to help the party in various ways (e.g. leafleting or
having made donations to the party). We will have more detailed records (equivalent to a CV / resume) of those who have stood for the party in an election or have discussed an interest in
standing for election. We also keep a record of correspondence sent to us via the ‘Contact Us’
form on our website and the name and email address of the sender. We may keep a record of
comments made on articles on our website and we may also keep the name and email address
of the author.
Other data which we might hold includes information on individuals who have provided
professional services to the party.
The party might also examine data on the electoral register, which will generally be a person’s
name and address and their electoral roll number.
Reasons we Collect this Data
AWP collects data in order to be able to effectively communicate with its Members and
Supporters and to ensure that the party is run democratically, in that Members can attend and
vote at party meetings and to allow the party to field candidates at elections and to comply with
UK electoral law.
The efficient running of the party involves the processing of personal information – so we might
contact Members or Registered Supporters to inform them if we are holding an event, which we
believe that they might want to participate in or if they might be able to help the party (e.g. in a
local by-election).
We never sell your data to third parties, nor do we pass your data on to third parties, except as
may be required by law.
The Lawful Basis on which we Collect this Data
AWP has performed an assessment of the lawful basis under which it holds and processes
personal data. For all the personal data we collect, we believe that we have a legitimate interest
to collect this data. Our legitimate interest in collecting and processing this information is to
allow us to put forward candidates for election, to keep records of who are Members of the party
and who have told us they would like to support or volunteer to provide assistance to the party.
In performing this analysis, we have weighed up our interest in holding the data and balanced it
against your interest, particularly where this might differ. In addition, we believe that in some
instances (e.g. where a donor has donated over £500 to the party in a year) we have a legal
obligation to verify that person is an eligible donor. There are also times (e.g. where a person
buys party merchandise) where we have a contractual basis for holding the person’s contact
details.
How we Keep Your Personal Information Safe
AWP takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to
protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from
unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. Only authorised personnel have
access to your personal information. They are trained in and understand our data protection
policies and processes.
We will comply with legal requests to disclose your details as permitted by law to the police,
Government and regulatory bodies or legal advisors if required.
Transfers Outside the European Economic Area (EEA)
Animal Welfare Party utilises some products or services (or parts of them) that may be hosted /
stored in non-EU countries, which means that we may transfer any information which is
submitted by you outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Therefore, when you become a Member or Registered Supporter / send us an email / make a
comment on or via our website, the personal information you submit may be stored on servers
which are hosted in non-EU countries. Where this is the case, we will do our utmost to make
sure they use the necessary level of protection for your information and are compliant in
accordance with UK data protection law. By submitting your personal information to us you
agree to this transfer, storing or processing at a location outside the EEA.
Retention Period for Holding Data
Members’ data will generally be retained as long as that member remains a member and then
for up to five years’ afterwards. Registered Supporters’ data will generally be deleted as soon
as practical after someone has asked to be unsubscribed from all communications lists.
Links to Other Sites
Our website, along with emails from us, may include links to other websites that are not run by
AWP. We are not responsible for the privacy policy of these sites.
What Happens if you do Not Want Us to Hold Your Data
If you want to be removed from any mailing list or other distribution list you are on, please ask to
be unsubscribed from the list – details of how to do this will often be on the bottom of any email
you receive from us, except in the case of certain emails sent only to Members.
You can also email or write to the party (details below) if you’d like to ask to be removed from a
distribution list.
If we are holding your data on the basis of legitimate interest, you may ask to remove or change
your details at any time by contacting the Data Protection Officer (details at the end of this
document) and we will consider your request. We would generally put a high weight on your
request to be deleted from our records but note though there could be occasions where we
might still decide that our legitimate interest justifies our maintaining the data. There may also
be times when we believe that we have a legal obligation (e.g. for certain donors) or a
contractual basis upon which we need to maintain your data.
You have right of access to your personal information held on our files by written request to the
Data Protection Officer (details at the end of this document). If you are unhappy about how we are dealing with your personal data, please contact our Data
Protection Officer. If you are still unhappy, you can file a complaint to the Information
Commissioners’ Office (ICO) – for details of how to do this, please visit the ICO website:
www.ico.org.uk
AWP’s Data Protection Officer can be contacted as follows:
Email to: info@animalwelfareparty.org
Mail to: Data Protection Officer, AWP, 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London,
WC2H 9JQ.
(Please note, mail sent to this address may take up to 10 working days to be received by AWP).
To download a copy of our Privacy Policy please click here. (document opens in a new window, ready for you to save)
Join AWP TodayBecome a member of AWP and help us in our vital work to win political representation for animals.
Join Us
Tweets by @AnimalsCount
For People, Animals and the Environment
© 2020 Animal Welfare Party  :
The UK Political Party for People, Animals and the Environment