http://www.mercyships.org/privacy-policy
Español
English
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mercy Ships is committed to respecting our donors’ privacy and security – both online and offline – and to that end, we want to keep you informed about our security practices, our privacy policy, and our process for gathering and using the information you give us.
Collecting Information
This Privacy Policy lets you know how we process and use your personal information. The following policies are only in effect for our web pages, newsletters, discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us using the contact information included at the end of this policy statement. We may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave our website. We do not control those sites or their privacy practices which may differ from our practices. The personal data you choose to provide to, or that is collected by these third parties, is not covered by our Privacy Policy. Please note that any information that you post to a public bulletin board or chat room is accessible to all persons accessing that location. Mercy Ships is not responsible for any information you elect to submit in these venues or the use of such information. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised statement here, with an updated revision date.
What information are we collecting and how are we collecting it?
When you donate, request information, order products, or apply to volunteer with us, we will ask you to provide personal information to complete these transactions. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include contact information such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address; and other unique information such as user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card information, product  preferences, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and position interest data. In addition to the information you provide to us, we may also collect information during your visit to one of our websites through our automatic data collection tools (“Data Collection Tools”), which include cookies, web beacons, embedded Web links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools. These Data Collection Tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website, such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the website where you came from. These Data Collection Tools may also collect information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, clickstream behavior and product information. When a visitor requests a page from any of our websites, our web servers automatically recognize your domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We may also collect information from credible third party commercially available sources. This information may include your name, address, email address and demographic data which may be used along with the information we collect when you visit one of our websites.
How do we use your information?
We collect information to better understand your needs and interests to help deliver a consistent and personalized experience on our websites. Unless you ask us not to, once you give us your personal contact information, you consent to being contacted by us to provide you with information that we think will be of interest to you. We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding the communications we send (see below – How do I Select Privacy Preferences). Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. Credit card information and other sensitive personal information required to process a credit decision is not used for any other purpose by us or our financial services provider and will not be kept longer than necessary for completing these transactions.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
From time to time, our website may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites. We use cookies to identify which areas of our website you have visited, so the next time you visit us, those pages may be readily accessible. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other websites may be diminished, and some features may not work as intended.
Copyright
All content on this site—such as text, graphics, logos, photographs, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software—is the sole and exclusive property of Mercy Ships, or its content suppliers, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
License and Site Access
Mercy Ships grants you a limited, nonexclusive license to access and make personal use of this site. You may not download or modify any portion of this site without the express written consent of Mercy Ships.
What are web beacons and how do we use them?
Some parts of our website may use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your website usage and your interaction with email. A web beacon is an electronic image, called a single-pixel (1×1) or clear GIF. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies, the time and date of a page viewed, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed. You may be able to disable Web beacons in email messages by not downloading images contained in the message you receive (this feature varies depending on the email software used on your personal computer). However, doing this may not always disable a web beacon or other automatic data collection tools in the email message due to specific email software capabilities. If you choose to receive marketing emails or newsletters from us, we may automatically collect personal information about you. For example, through Web beacons and personalized URLs embedded in these emails or newsletters, we can track whether you’ve opened those messages and whether you’ve clicked on links contained within those messages.
What are embedded web links and how do we use them?
Some emails from us may use links designed to lead you to a relevant area on our or other websites. The redirection system allows us to change the destination URL of these links, if necessary, and to determine the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives. In emails, such web links may also allow us to determine whether you have clicked a link in an email, and this information about the interaction may be connected to your personal identity. If you do not want us to collect information about the links that you click, you can: (1) change your choice about how you receive communications from us (i.e. choose a text-based version of the message where available); or (2) choose not to click links in an email that we send.
Will we disclose the information we collect to outside third parties?
Mercy Ships will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others except as described in this Privacy Policy. We may share personal information in the following ways:
(1) Mercy Ships retains service providers and suppliers to deliver complete products, services and customer solutions and to assist us with marketing and communication initiatives. These providers and suppliers include, for example, credit card processors, providers of customer support and live-help, email service providers, automated data processors, and shipping agents. Suppliers and service providers are required to keep confidential the information received on behalf of Mercy Ships and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us.
(2) Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not share the personal information you provide to us with third parties without your permission, unless to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, or court order, (ii) respond to authorized information requests of police and governmental authorities; (iii) protect the personal safety of Mercy Ships volunteers, employees and third parties on Mercy Ships property; (iv) or help prevent fraud or to enforce or protect the rights and properties of Mercy Ships.
(3) In order to increase our base of support and reduce cost, Mercy Ships may exchange certain segments of our mailing list with other carefully selected organizations. Any donor who wish to have their name removed from the exchange list can make this request by contacting Donor Services at info@mercyships.org or by calling 1-800-772-SHIP.
How do I set privacy preferences?
You may opt out of receiving communications from us by using one of the following methods: (1) Select the email “opt out” or “unsubscribe” link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication. (2) Write to us at the address below. Be sure to provide your name, email and postal address, and specific relevant information about which communications that you no longer wish to receive.
Please note that when you opt out of receiving certain communications, it may affect the services you have chosen to receive from us where accepting the communications is a condition of receiving the services.
How do we keep your personal information secure?
To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, Mercy Ships utilizes appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Mercy Ships uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive information such as credit card information. Credit card numbers are used only for processing payments and are not used for other purposes.
How do we use social media platforms?
You may choose to participate in the various blogs, forums, wikis and other social media platforms which we make available to you. The main aim of these social media platforms is to facilitate and allow you to share content. However, Mercy Ships cannot be held responsible if you share personal information on social media platforms that is subsequently used, misused or otherwise appropriated by another user.
We may also provide links to other social media platforms hosted by individuals or organizations over which Mercy Ships has no control. Mercy Ships makes no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy or any other aspect of the information located on external social media platforms. A link to a third party’s website should not be construed as an endorsement of the third party, its websites or content shared on these social media platforms. We recommend reviewing the privacy policy of each third party site linked from Our Site to determine their use of your personal information.
How can you contact us?
Our postal address is: Mercy Ships PO Box 2020 Lindale, TX 75771-2020 USA
We can also be reached via email at Privacy@MercyShips.org or you can reach us by telephone at 1-800-772-SHIP.