http://www.alliance1.org/web/privacy-policy.aspx
Skip to main content
Loading
Skip breadcrumb navigation
Alliance Home Page
»
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what information the Alliance for Strong Families and Communities collects about you and how we use it.
In this Privacy Policy, the term “Services” refers to all services provided by us, the Alliance for Strong Families and Communities and our affiliates, including FEI Behavioral Health, and Ways to Work, (the “Alliance”), and including our information services, workshops, meetings, conferences, libraries, consultation, and educational services, as well as services provided in connection with our websites, such as the websites at www.alliance1.org, www.feinet, and www.waystowork.org (the “Websites”). For members of the Alliance, this Privacy Policy supplements the Confidentiality Policy appended to the member application form, which also governs aspects of privacy and confidentiality. This Privacy Policy identifies our privacy practices specifically with respect to personal identifying information for individuals.
By using any of the Services, you consent to the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and if we do, any such changes will be included on this page so current privacy information will always be available to you.
Personal Information
The only personal information collected by the Alliance is personal information that is voluntarily provided by member organizations or users of our Services. We don’t sell your personal information to third parties, such as telemarketers, mailing list brokers, or other companies that are not offering Alliance endorsed services or benefits. However, we will use your personal information to fulfill requests made by you and for other business purposes of the Alliance and any of its successors. Our board, staff, consultants and advisors may have access to your personal information for the business purposes of the organization. We may share your personal information with certain third parties to provide certain of the Services to you, to send you marketing materials or other information about the Alliance, or for the purpose of providing potentially relevant information to you.
For example, you may provide personal information to us to register for an online account or to use our Services. The information you provide will be used by us to give you the information or service you are requesting, and may be provided to partners with which we work to provide Services or to send information about educational opportunities, member benefits, or conferences. We may also use your name, phone number, email address, or mailing address to send you marketing materials and other information about the Alliance and its products and services, or other products or services that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any additional information at alliance1.org/contact-us/webmaster.
No email addresses will be published in the online directory of members, which is available to the general public. Conference and meeting registrants and Alliance committee members and their contact information will not be posted publicly on the Alliance Websites, but may be shared with other attendees of the conference or meeting for networking and information sharing purposes.
In addition, certain members, exhibitors, and certain partner organizations of the Alliance may have selected access to certain personal information. Agreements or contracts with these organizations or individuals require them to keep the member information strictly confidential
and prohibit them from using it for any other purpose than that agreed upon.
Our Websites are not intended for children under 18 years of age; we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 using our Websites. If you learn that our Services
are being used by a child under the age of 18, contact us at alliance1.org/contact-us/webmaster.
Traffic Data and Other Non-Personal Information
We may automatically collect and store certain non-personal information concerning the traffic to our Websites, including: the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our sites; and the internet address of the site from which you linked to our Websites. We use this information as anonymous aggregate data for business purposes such as to
determine the number of visitors to different sections of our Websites, to ensure the site is working properly, and to help us make the Websites more useful. We also use this information to see where leads are generated from in an attempt to better optimize our ongoing internet marketing efforts.
You may also provide us with other non-personal information. For example, you may provide us with information regarding how you learned about us, or you may provide us with information regarding why you are interested in our products or services. This information may be used by our staff to better optimize our ongoing marketing and product development efforts.
Links
Our Websites may contain links to other websites and may provide opportunities to publish certain information to third party websites or social media platforms. The Alliance is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those websites, platforms, or any other linked services. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Website, and to read the privacy policies of each website that collects or publishes personal information.
Third Party Service Providers
The Alliance works with certain third parties that provide services on our Websites, or in connection with our Services. These third parties may collect personal and non-personal information from users of our Services. For example, monetary transactions may be facilitated by a third party payment processor, in which case you and/or the Alliance would share your information, including information about your financial accounts, with the processor for this
purpose. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of any third parties. The Alliance is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any third parties. If you have questions about who provides services for our Websites, or our Services, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Security
When you submit information via our Services, we take efforts to protect your information both online and offline. Keep in mind, however, that whenever you give out personal information online, such information is not always secure in transit. While we strive to protect your privacy and secure your information, we cannot guarantee the security of information sent electronically or over the internet, and you disclose such information at your own risk.
Questions and Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding how we handle privacy or personal information, please do not hesitate to contact us at severson@alliance1.org, or through alliance1.org/contactus/webmaster.
Effective Date: May 11, 2016
15360240.5
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##