http://www.bradshawfoundation.com/privacy_policy.php
Follow @BradshawFND
Tweet
Site Map
Bradshaw Foundation
Latest News
World Rock Art
Rock Art Network
Journey of Mankind
iShop
Contact
Bradshaw Foundation
Customer Privacy
Bradshaw Foundation
Follow @BradshawFND
Tweet
Follow @BradshawFND
Tweet
At the Bradshaw Foundation, we have a duty to protect your privacy and all personal data that is collected during your interaction with our website. Please ensure that you keep up to date with the information on this page, as it is subject to change in accordance with new legislation and directives. We only collect information about you that is required to process your order to give you the best possible service.
This Privacy Policy will explain what data we collect from you, how we use that data, who can see your data and how you can access/change the personal data we hold.
What Information Do We Collect From You?
The Bradshaw Foundation may ask you to input and collect the following information during the ordering process on this website: Customer Name, Billing Address, Shipping Address, Telephone Number, and Email Address.
In addition to this we also have a contact form which if used collects your name, email, country, organisation and message text.
When you enter payment information, this is not held by The Bradshaw Foundation, but collected by our Third Party payment processor PayPal in a secure manner (see Who Can See Your Information?).
How Is Your Information Used?
The Bradshaw Foundation may use your information to:
Process a payment;
Process an order;
Deliver or redeliver an order;
Resolve an enquiry related to an existing or potential order;
Please rest assured that your privacy is extremely important to us so we will always keep your details secure, and we will NEVER use your data for marketing purposes, and will NEVER pass your data to a third party for marketing purposes.
Who Can See Your Information?
The Bradshaw Foundation will not sell or rent your information to Third Parties for marketing purposes. We do however work with a small number of Third Party organisations to help us deliver some customer services, some of which have limited access to your data. We may pass your information to these Third Party service providers for the purpose of providing services to your behalf. Examples include sending emails, processing payments and targeted advertisements on social media. The information shared will be that which is only relevant to the task at hand. Third Parties cannot use or share your information for any other purpose than to carry out what The Bradshaw Foundation has requested them to do and are required to keep your data secure. Please see below for a list of our Third Party partners, a brief rundown of the services they provide and links to their own privacy policies.
Third Parties who work on behalf of, or in association with, The Bradshaw Foundation:
PayPal
Payment processor
Privacy policy https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Privacy policy from 25th May 2018 https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-prev
Please rest assured that your privacy is extremely important to us so we will always keep your details secure, and we will NEVER use your data for marketing purposes, and will NEVER pass your data to a third party for marketing purposes.
Recording Information
PayPal sales invoices, messages sent through our contact us form and other messages sent through social media accounts are archived and can be referred to in order to resolve issues that may arise during ordering or with customer aftercare.
Sales invoices may need to be kept for up to 7 years in order for The Bradshaw Foundation to retrospectively provide tax information to HMRC (please see Right To Erasure).
Our Security Precautions
This website has a valid SSL security certificate which means that any information you enter into the site is private. For more information, click on the lock symbol that appears next to the URL of the website which will give you the full information.
Cookies
Cookies are tiny text files in your browser that can be sent from an organisations website and saved onto your computer when you visit a website for the first time. These text files typically contain two pieces of information: a unique user ID and the site name. Each time you visit a website that holds cookies, your computer checks its system to see if it has cookies from that website already saved, therefore recognising if you have visited the website before. The Bradshaw Foundation uses cookies to track user visits, therefore analysing data such as the numbers of returning customers, customer location (by country or region) and recording how long customers stay on our website. Cookies DO NOT identify you as an individual, but simply track your browsing patterns which helps us to target our advertisements more accurately to our customers. The viewing of the website and browsing of the website automatically requires you to accept our Cookies policy. When you enter into a transaction with the company you automatically accept the trading terms and conditions as enclosed. You have the option within your browser to disable cookies, which you can do by following the specific browser instructions.
Cookies are stored in your browser which you can usually modify to prevent this happening. If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should log onto our website and use the contact us form on our "Contact Us" page or email us boilerplate@bradshawfoundation.com
Right To Erasure
In accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulations 2018, you have the right to request that The Bradshaw Foundation erases all personal data that we hold on you with immediate effect. In some cases, The Bradshaw Foundation may have to retain certain vital information if we can prove that your data is needed to carry out other vital business processes, for example, filing tax returns (where we will need to retain sales invoices).
Links To Other Websites
The Bradshaw Foundation website may contain links to external organisations. Please be aware that by clicking a link to an external source, our privacy policy no longer applies whilst you are on that new site. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies that our linked websites adhere to and recommend that you read the policy of that site to keep yourself informed.
Data Breaches
The Bradshaw Foundation has a duty to report any breach of personal data from our database or our Third Party databases to all relevant people and the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if it is apparent that personal data has been stolen or misused, within 72 hours of the incident.
Policy Review
The Bradshaw Foundation will keep this policy up to date in accordance with the law and new regulations. This policy was last updated 19/06/2018.
Follow the Bradshaw Foundation on social media for news & updates
Follow the Bradshaw Foundationon social media for news & updates
Follow @BradshawFND
Tweet
Follow the Bradshaw Foundation on social media for news & updates
Follow the Bradshaw Foundationon social media for news & updates
Follow @BradshawFND
Tweet
Homepage • About • Latest News • iShop • Book Review • Site Map • Donate • Facebook • Twitter • Contact
Homepage • About • Latest News • iShopBook Review • Site Map • DonateFacebook • Twitter • Contact
Homepage • About • Latest News • iShop • Book ReviewSite Map • Donate • Facebook • Twitter • Contact
If you have enjoyed visiting this websiteplease consider adding a link © Bradshaw Foundation
Support our work & become aFriend of the Foundation
Bradshaw Foundation
Bradshaw Foundation
Homepage
About the Foundation
Contact Us
Latest News
News Articles
Facebook
Twitter
Research Papers
List of Research Papers
Professor Stephen Oppenheimer
Travel
Travel Index
About the Expeditions
Forthcoming Expeditions
Bespoke Expeditions
Enquire
Practical Information
History of Exploration
iShop
Welcome to the iShop
Film Downloads
DVD's
Sculpture
Prints
Clothing
Messenger Bag
eBooks
INORA Downloads
About iLecture Films
Shipping & Handling
Film Archive
iLectures
In Conversation
Video Stories
Travel Films
The Book Review
Reviews
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Bradshaw Foundation Facebook
Donate | Help
Friends of the Foundation
Rock Art Archives
African Rock Art Archive
Archive Index
World's Oldest Rock Art
Africa Documentary Films
South Africa
RARI
Giraffe Carvings Niger
Niger
Namibia
Western Central Africa
Africa Paintings Gallery
Tanzania
The Tuareg People
Tuareg Salt Caravans
Gilf Kebir
Birnin Kudu Rock Art Center
South African Rock Art
Archive Index
San Rock Art Paintings
San Bushman
San Rock Art Film
Origins Centre Johannesburg
American Rock Art Archive
Archive Index
Arizona
Baja California
Baja California Film
Coso Range
Talking Stone Film
Nevada
Oregon Territory
Moab, Utah
Clovis First
Australia Rock Art Archive
Australia Archive Index
Introduction
Bradshaw Paintings
Kimberley Region
The Unambal
Hugh Brown
Leif Thiele Gallery
Dan Clark
Grahame Walsh
Bradshaws / Gwion Gwion
British Isles Prehistory Archive
Archive Index
Introduction
Origins of the British
Avebury
Stonehenge
Sounds of Stonehenge
The British Museum
British Isles Megaliths
Gower Peninsula Rock Art
Mendip Hills Prehistory
Northumberland Rock Art
Red Lady of Paviland
Stone Age Mammoth Abattoir
Canada Rock Art Archive
Archive Index
Introduction
Peterborough Petroglyphs
Western Canadian Rock Art
Writing-On-Stone
Wuikinuxv Territory
Dinosaur Provincial Park
China Rock Art Archive
Archive Index
Huashan Rock Art
Yinchuan Museum
Rock Art Festival
Field Trip
Gallery
Itinerant Creeds
Inner Mongolia & Ningxia
Vanishing Civilization
Life in Rock Art (PDF)
Tibet
Tibet Photographs
Dazu Rock Carvings
Tiger Motif
France Rock Art Archive
Archive Index
Chauvet Cave
Lascaux Cave
Niaux Cave
Cosquer Cave
Rouffignac Cave
Portable Art
Defining Rock Art
Tuc d'Audoubert Bison
Dr. Jean Clottes
The Chauvet Cave
Index
UNESCO World Heritage
Introduction
Cave Paintings Gallery
Visiting the Chauvet Cave
Return to Chauvet Cave
Investigating the Cave
Venus & Sorcerer
Werner Herzog Film
Chauvet Publications
India Rock Art Archive
India Archive Index
Rock Art Central India
Pachmarhi Hills
India Rock Art Gallery
Preservation & Education
Dr. V. S. Wakankar
Articles on India Rock Art
Contemporary Art
Middle East Rock Art
Middle East Archive Index
Middle East Inroduction
Rock Art of Iran
Rock Art of Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates Rock Art
Ancient Geometry
Middle East Colonisation
Scandinavian Rock Art Archive
Scandinavian Rock Art Archive
Scandinavian Introduction
Alta Rock Art Norway
Rock Art in Finland
Tanum Rock Art Sweden
Thor Heyerdahl
South America Rock Art Archive
Archive Index
Introduction
America's Oldest Art?
Pedra Furada
Bolivian Rock Art
Campeche Island - Brazil
Checta Petroglyphs - Peru
Cueva de las Manos
Santa Catarina Island - Brazil
World Rock Art
Rock Art in Britain
Campeche Rock Art Petroglyphs
El Salvador - Corinto Cave
Hand Rock Art Paintings
Tibetan Rock Art
United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistan
Yinchuan Rock Art Museum
Ice Age Art
Introduction
Ice Age Art Gallery
Claire Artemyz
Jill Cook Interview
Cycladic Introduction
Cycladic Gallery
Geometric Signs
Introduction
Geometric Signs Chart
Research Methodology
Geometric Signs in France
Sign Types/Countries/Regions
Bibliography
Ancient Symbols in Rock Art
INORA Newsletter
Newsletter Archive
Download Issues
Human Migration
Journey of Mankind
Introduction
Genetic Map
Professor Stephen Oppenheimer
Further Reading
Origins of the British
BBC Documentary
Origins
Origins Index
Origins Overview
13 Big Questions
Migration Articles
Stanley Ambrose
Homo Floresiensis
Herto Skulls
Homo Dmanisi
Liujiang Skull
World Heritage Sites
Easter Island
Introduction
Sentinels in Stone
Easter Island Rock Art
Birdman Cult / Motif
Sea & Marine Creatures
Design & Motifs
Dr Georgia Lee
Easter Island Map
Contemporary Art
Glossary
Conclusion
Thor Heyerdahl
Stonehenge
Introduction
When & Who Built It?
How Was It Built?
The Area
Sounds of Stonehenge
The Pyramids of Egypt
Meaning of a Pyramid
Pyramid Studies
Pyramid Superstructure
Pyramid Substructure
Pyramid Preparations
Pyramid Building
Saqqara
Nabil Swelim
Temples of Malta and Gozo
Temples of Malta and Gozo
Tusheti - Georgia
Research in the Caucasus
The Keselo Foundation
Homo Dmanisi
Ancient Toolmakers
Cave Art Psychology
Archive Index
Index
Introduction
Descent into the Cave
Descent into the Cave
The Decorated Caves
Shamanistic Experience
Spring Initiation Rites
Summary
Mercy in the Cave of Niaux
Page 1
Page 2
Page 3
Page 4
Ancient Symbols in Rock Art
Professor John P. Miller
Motif: Eternal
Mercy in the Cave of Niaux
Motif: Eternal Index
Banksy
Han Meilin
Bruce Radke
Christian Tuki
Gordon Ellis-Brown
The Foundation
Search | Site Map
Site Map
Search the Website
Glossary
Glossary of Terms & Definition
Podcast
Podcast on iTunes
Links
Other Websites
Contact
Contact the Foundation