https://www.marshall.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Last Updated: September 23, 2020
INTRODUCTION
Welcome! The Marshall Street Initiatives (“Marshall”) are a project of Summit Public Schools, a nationally-recognized public school network with 15 middle and high schools in the States of California and Washington.
At Marshall, we value and respect your online privacy. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains how we handle your personal information with care and respect. In addition, this Policy describes how we protect personal information that you share and how you can opt out or unsubscribe from certain data collection and communications.
Your use of this website indicates you accept our Policy.
YOUR DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you sign up for Marshall, we store the first name, last name, email address, and zip code that you provide. Marshall does not collect personal information about individuals except when this information is provided voluntarily.
We also collect and use the information we receive when visitors and contributors provide articles, leave comments, provide feedback, or post questions on the website.
Visitors are free to use our website without registering.
Before providing questions, comments, feedback, or content to Marshall, we recommend that you evaluate whether the communication contains any sensitive or confidential information.
COOKIES, ANALYTICS AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
By visiting our website, Marshall may receive and access:
Information about your visits to and use of this website (including the dates and times of your visits and website navigation, etc.);
information about the device you are using (e.g. your IP address or other device address or unique device identifier, operating system information, web browser, etc.); and
Information relating to any transactions carried out in relation to this website, including information relating to third party vendors.
This website uses tracking tools like cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, local storage, mobile identifiers, and similar technologies to automatically collect this information. By visiting the website, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies. We also use Google Analytics cookies for data analytics purposes. You can find more information on how Google uses data from these cookies at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Please consult your web browser to learn the proper way to modify its cookie settings. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the website’s functionality may no longer be available.
OPTING OUT OF EMAILS
If you do not want to receive a particular email subscription from us, please click on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. This will remove your email address from that subscription. Please allow up to 10 business days for any opt-out or unsubscribe request to be processed.
LIMITING DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Marshall will not sell, trade, rent, disclose or share any personal information you provide to Marshall with any other party without your permission, except to comply with a court order, subpoena, or similar legal order and to protect the rights, property, and safety of Marshall, its visitors, registered members, and other third parties.
We may share aggregated information that does not identify you with third parties for various data purposes, including understanding usage patterns of this website and improving their functionality.
DATA RETENTION
At this time, we do not support user registration. For visitors that register on our website in the future, we may store the personal information they provide in their registration.
LINKS AND THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Marshall may provide links to other third party websites, and other websites may provide links to the Marshall website. Third party websites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policies. Marshall has no control over third party websites and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
If you choose to visit or use any third-party products, websites, or services, including those offered by our third-party service providers or other partners, please be aware that this Privacy Policy will not apply to your activities or any information you disclose to these third parties.
This website includes links to the Prepared Parents website which maintains its own, separate privacy policy. Your visit to the Prepared Parents website and any third-party websites linked thereon will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use posted on such websites.
CHILDREN
Marshall is intended to be used by adults. Marshall does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through this website. If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personal information through this website, we will take steps to promptly delete this information and the child’s registration. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through this website, please contact us at our mailing address below.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
Marshall is hosted in the United States. If you access this website from any other region (e.g. the European Union) with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from the laws and regulations of the United States laws, please note that you are transferring personal information to the United States for storage and processing. By providing your information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature, which is intended to tell websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. A Do Not Track standard has not been adopted to this day. Accordingly, like many websites, this website is not currently set up to respond to Do Not Track signals.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Marshall may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you through a prominent announcement on this page or any other places we deem appropriate or by sending you an email or other notification.
We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we protect the information we collect. Your continued use of this website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and updates.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, our online practices, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Webmaster Marshall Street Initiatives780 Broadway Redwood City, California 94603.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Marshall Street website, www.marshall.org, and does not apply to any information collected from any Summit Public Schools websites or other websites.