http://www.perthpresbytery.org.uk/privacy
LOGIN
REGISTER
SITEMAP
CONTACT US
Sitemap
General Info
Home
Find A Church: By Postcode
Find A Church: By Building
Find A Church: By Congregation
Resources
Privacy Policy
News
Latest News
Upcoming Events
Archives
Current Vacancies
About Us
About the Presbytery
About the Church of Scotland
Who's Who in the Presbytery
Contact Us
Address
You’ll find the Presbytery Offices at 209 High Street, Perth
01738 451177
perth@cofscotland.org.uk
Get back to us
Your Name
Email Address
Message
A warm welcome to you from the
Church of Scotland in Perthshire.
Home
Find A Local Church
Search by Postcode
Browse Churches
Browse Congregations
Diary
Resources
Resources
Links
News
Latest News
Upcoming Events
News Archives
Current Vacancies
About
Perth Presbytery
Church of Scotland
Who's Who?
Contact
Login
Register
You are Here:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are...
In this privacy policy references to “we”, “us” and “our” are to The Presbytery of Perth owned and operated by The Presbytery of Perth. References to “our Website” or “the Website” are to www.perthpresbytery.org.uk.
What information we collect and how...
The information we collect via the Website may include:
Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and our email, such as name, address, telephone number etc.
Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on products and offers).
Your IP Address, this is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web server when you request any page or component on the Website. This information is used to monitor the usage of the Website. Any statistics we gather and publish will be of a general nature and will not identify any given user of the website.
Data recorded by the Website which allows us to recognise you and your preferred
settings, this saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on you computer through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, or warn you before downloading cookies, information regarding this may be found in your browsers ‘help’ facility.
What we do with your information...
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:
To process your order, to provide after sales service (we may pass your details to another organisation to supply/deliver products or services you have purchased and/or to provide after-sales service);
In certain cases we may use your email address and/or mobile phone number to send you information on our other products and services.
We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes.
Your Rights...
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. In order to receive such information please send your contact details including address and payment of £10 (cheques payable to "Sanctus Media Ltd") to cover administration expenses to the following address:
Sanctus Media Ltd
Grahamsdyke Avenue
Bo'ness
EH51 9DT
Other Websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.
Home
About the Presbytery of Perth
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
The Presbytery of Perth is a charity, registered in Scotland No: SC014528
© 2011-20 Presbytery of Perth. All rights reserved
Powered by Sanctus Media Ltd.