http://www.methodistchapel.co.uk/terms/
Your eligible deposits with Methodist Chapel Aid Ltd are protected up to a total of 85,000 by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme, the UK's deposit guarantee scheme. Any deposits you hold above the 85,000 limit are unlikely to be covered.
Please click here for further information or visit www.fscs.org.uk.
Close
Toggle navigation
Call us now to discuss your loan
01904 622150
Get a property loan
Deposits
Car loans
About us
Our investment policy
Financial information
Contact us
Terms of use
Methodist Chapel Aid Limited
Methodist Chapel Aid Limited (MCA) is registered in England with company number 30546 and its registered office at:1 Telford TerraceAlbemarle RoadYorkYO24 1DQ
MCA is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and is therefore subject to the FCA Handbook and the PRA Rulebook.
Terms of Website use
These terms of use (together with our Privacy Policy) tell you the terms of use on which you may make use of the website 'www.mcafundingforchurches.co.uk' (the Website). Use of the Website includes accessing or browsing any content and/or materials contained on the Website.
Please read these terms of use carefully as these will apply to your use of the Website. You may wish to print a copy for future reference.
By using the Website, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
MCA may revise these terms of use at any time without notice by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes MCA has made, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website
The Website is made available free of charge.
MCA does not guarantee that the Website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to the Website is permitted on a temporary basis.
MCA may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of the Website without notice. MCA will not be liable to you if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Intellectual property rights
'MCA' is a UK registered trade mark of Methodist Chapel Aid Limited.
MCA is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Website and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by the copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from the Website for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others to content posted on the Website.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text without the prior written consent of MCA.
MCA's status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on the Website must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on the Website for commercial purposes without first obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of the Website in breach of these terms of use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately.
No reliance on information
MCA strives to ensure that all information presented on the Website is as timely, unbiased and helpful as possible and accurate at the time of publication. MCA may update the Website and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on the Website may be out of date at any given time and MCA is under no obligation to update it.
MCA does not guarantee that the Website, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
The content on the Website is provided for general information only. In no way should the information contained on the Website be construed as professional advice or be used in lieu of such. Use of the information provided on the Website is voluntary and MCA cannot be held responsible for any errors or omissions that may occur in the information provided, or for any action or inaction resulting from the use of such information.
Although MCA makes reasonable efforts to update the information on the Website, MCA makes no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on the Website is accurate, complete or uptodate.
Where the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. MCA has no control over the contents of any such sites or resources.
Limitation of liability
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, MCA excludes all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Website or any content on it, whether express or implied.
MCA will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use the website; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on the Website.
Please note that in particular, MCA will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any direct or consequential loss or damage.
MCA will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denialofservice attack, or any other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other propriety material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
MCA assumes no responsibility for the content of websites linked on the Website. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by MCA of those linked websites. MCA will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Viruses
MCA does not guarantee that the Website will be secure or free from faults or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access the Website. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse the Website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Website, the server on which the Website is storied or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
You must not attack the Website via a denialofservice attack or a distributed denialofservice attack.
Linking to the website
You may link to the home page of the Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage MCA's reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on MCA's part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to the Website in any website that is not owned by you.
The Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the Website other than the home page.
MCA reserves the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of content on the Website other than that set out above, please contact info[AT]mcafundingforchurches[DOT]co[DOT]uk for prior written consent.
Applicable law
These terms are construed in accordance with, and governed by the laws of England. By accessing the Website you agree to accept the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts in relation to any dispute that may arise in connection with these terms or your use of the Website.
Contact us
To contact us, please email info[AT]mcafundingforchurches[DOT]co[DOT]uk
CookiesThe cookie settings on this website are set to allow all cookies. Leaving your settings to allow all cookies means you consent to a website remembering your preferences and generally enhancing the user experience. If you prefer a website to not remember your preferences, you can change your settings at any time by changing the privacy settings of your browser.Find out more about cookies >