https://www.bluemountain.com/policy-overview
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Policy Overview
Blue Mountain takes pride in keeping our site safe and accessible for all of our customers.
Learn more below or follow the links to review our policies and data security practices.
Privacy PolicyWe respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it.
Our privacy policy describes how we collect and process your personal data.
In general your data is used for purposes such fulfilling your order and administering your account in order to provide the services you requested. View our privacy policy.
Terms of ServiceThis agreement describes the rules of using our website. By using our site, you attest that you agree to our Terms & Conditions.
If you do not agree, please discontinue use of the website.
View our Terms & Conditions.
CookiesCookies are small pieces of information that are placed on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to detect that you have logged on and are authorized to send cards, to collect anonymous analytic data which helps us improve our services and to track the effectiveness of our marketing activities.
Learn more about the cookies we use.
Data RetentionWe retain information collected from you on our platforms only for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the information was received (such as billing information and usage information), or for as long as the data holds a value to our business (such as to enable us to analyze types of e-cards sent).
Our guidelines describe which data is held, and how long that data will be stored prior to deletion or obfuscation. Personally identifiable information (PII) is not retained by us when a user has been inactive for twenty-five months.
Data SecurityWe have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security and to use the information we collect online correctly and securely. However, please note that transmission over the Internet or wireless networks and the electronic storage of information cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure by any website.
AccessibilityElectronic greeting cards can be a great help and source of entertainment to disabled and elderly users, both as senders and as recipients, and we are committed to ensuring that in designing and programming our website, we take into account the accessibility needs of the elderly and disabled and the Website Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG). Please contact us if you have a question or comment regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance using our website.