http://www.wilburlaw.com/privacy-policy
HOME
Practice Areas
Request A Consultation
Attorneys
WS News & Media
About
Contact Us
Welcome
Privacy Please take a moment to review our privacy policy. By using this site, you consent to our use of your information as set forth below.The contents of this notice may change over time.  Please visit this page to view it in its current form.What information do we collect? We, Wilbur Smith LLC, collect information from you when you fill out a "contact us" or other named form.  In addition, the Firm’s computer systems or its service providers’ systems may electronically collect certain information about you when you use this website.  The collected data may include your: internet provider’s domain name, browser type, time zone, language, operating system, date of visit.  It may also include the the last webpage you visited before visiting this website’s URL , the pages you viewed on our website and how much time you spent on each one, your click through, your  clickstream data, queries you made, search results you selected, history, or comments made.If you contact us using the online form, you will be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number and personal information regarding your potential case. You may, however, visit our site without providing this information.What do we use your information for? Any of the information that you send to us through our “contact us” or other named form will be used to provide legal guidance and assistance.Your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever without your consent other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested.Do we use cookies? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser, enabling the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You may block certain cookies through your browser settings.  Note that information may be collected before the cookie is disabled.We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about the use of our website and report on activities and trends. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners and opt-out from the collection of your information by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Do we disclose any information to or receive any information from third parties? We do not sell, trade, transfer to outside parties or otherwise allow access to your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website because those parties agree in writing to keep this information confidential.We may also release your information when we believe that its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.Non-personally identifiable visitor information, however, may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.Non-personally identifiable visitor information that may be collected about visitors to this site may include: which pages on the site are accessed, what information is downloaded, what type of browser and operating system are being used, which Internet service provider is being used, and other information of this general nature. This information does not allow us to personally identify the site visitor. By collecting this information, we learn how to best develop our website to our visitors’ needs.We may receive information from third parties such as public databases or our marketing vendors.You may also disclose information when posting information or comments by transmitting information through our social media buttons such as Facebook or Twitter.  Information you post or disclose through these third party services may be available to us, or to other users of those services. Children under 13We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13.  If we become aware that a person under the age of 13 is submitting information, we will attempt to delete it as soon as possible. Children under the age of 13 should not contact us directly.Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party resources on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.When You Give Us InformationWe only collect information such as your name, address, telephone number, fax number, email addresses, etc. if you provide it to us, for example if you subscribe to our blog, submit a contact us form, call us, or ask us to call you.  We have that information to accommodate you and may use it to let you know about potential cases, events, and publications you might be interested in.Please do not send us any confidential or sensitive information such as national ID numbers, social security numbers, health insurance data, license numbers, birthdays or similar information unless we ask you for it. How we Use InformationOther than as described in this Privacy Notice, we use the information collected from users or their device as described above for the following purposes:Providing services and information;Sending marketing information, legal updates, or invitations to events that we think may be of interest;Sending  communications that a user has requested or that may be of interest to that user;Keeping correspondence and contact information records;Administering our website, diagnose technical problems, and otherwise manage our firm’s business;Allowing users to navigate our website more easily;Deriving each user’s approximate location, calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems,  generally running our website;Performing data analysis, audits, security and fraud monitoring and prevention; to improve and enhance our website;Aggregating information.Using information as otherwise described when it is collected.How We Share InformationWe share information with our vendors, service providers, suppliers, subcontractors, and similar third parties who provide services to us, or act on our behalf so that they can help us maintain our website.  Our contracts with these service providers prohibit them from using or sharing with others, for other purposes than as directed by us, the information that we provide to them, or that they collect directly from our users.Social MediaOur website contains links to social media services where users may post comments. These third party services may collect and share information about users which may be disclosed to anyone to whom the user sends a message. Any information that is posted or disclosed through social media may be available to us and to other users of that service or the public.Statistics, Information Disclosures, and Harm PreventionWe generate and use aggregated, anonymized, or statistical information about the use of this site. We may provide this information to third parties such as our consultants for research, analytical or strategic purposes. This information is not intended to allow the identification of any specific user of our site.We may use, share, or disclose information about users in order to address legal concerns or liabilities, especially when we believe, in our sole discretion, that a user has misused the website to gain unauthorized access to any system, engaged in spamming, denial of service attacks, or similar attack; to respond to suspected illegal or fraudulent activity; to protect legal rights or defend against legal claims; to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.We may also be required by applicable laws to provide access to a user’s information to legal authorities upon presentation of the applicable request, in accordance with applicable law, including laws outside your country.How to Contact UsYou may reach us at Marketing@wilburlaw.comIf you prefer to write us, mail your concerns to:Attn:  MarketingWilbur Smith LLC2200 BroadwayFort Myers, FL 33901USAIf you no longer want to receive email correspondence from Wilbur Smith please email marketing@wilburlaw.com with "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.Online Privacy Policy only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.wilbursmith.law/disclaimerYour consent By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.Updated: 10/02/2019
2200 BroadwayFort Myers, Florida33901
P.O. Box 8Fort Myers, Florida33902