http://www.ci.san-bernardino.ca.us/contact_us/disclaimer_and_privacy_policy.asp
Navigation
Homepage»Contact US»Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
EmailContact UsPrint
City of San Bernardino Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions of Use for the City of San Bernardino Web Site
The following Terms and
Conditions ("Terms and Conditions") of use apply to the City of San
Bernardino (the "City") Web Site. By visiting the City's web site (the
"site"), you are bound by all of the Terms and Conditions contained
herein.
Disclaimer
This Site is the property of
and maintained by the City. Although every effort is made to maintain
an accurate and up to date web site, due to the fluid nature of the
content, the City does not guarantee absolute accuracy and disclaims
liability for errors and omissions in the Site's contents. In addition,
the City of San Bernardino is not responsible for the content of any
site linked to the City's web site.
The material included on or
available through the Site may include inaccuracies or typographical
errors. Changes are periodically added to the material on the Site. The
City may make improvements and/or changes to the Site at any time. The
City does not represent or warrant that use of the Site will be
uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the
Site or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or
other harmful components.
The City makes no
representation about the suitability, reliability, availability,
timeliness, or accuracy of the Site for any purpose. The City is not
responsible for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential
damages that may arise from the use of, or the inability to use, the
Site and/or the materials contained on the Site whether the materials
contained on the Site are provided by the City or a third party. The
Site and the material contained herein are provided "as is" without
warranty of any kind. The City hereby disclaims all warranties and
conditions with regard to the Site, including all implied warranties and
conditions of merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose,
title, and non-infringement.
Privacy Policy
The City collects
information to provide Site users with effective service. Any
information voluntarily submitted to the City will be used only for
correspondence or official City business. Such information will not be
used for commercial or political purposes and will not be provided to
any third party unless required to do so under federal or state law.
Information submitted to
this Site may be subject to disclosure in response to a request for
documents under the California Public Records Act or other applicable
laws. Any information that we receive through use of the Site is subject
to the same provisions as information provided on paper.
This Site contains links to
other web sites. The City is not responsible for the privacy practices,
content, or copyright issues of other sites. When you select one of
those links, you will be leaving the City's web site and will be subject
to the privacy policy of that web site.
By sending the City an
electronic mail message, you may be sending the City personal
information, such as your name, mailing address, telephone number,
and/or e-mail address. The City may store this information in order to
respond to a request or to otherwise resolve the subject matter of your
e-mail. The City does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information
to others. The City does not send unsolicited e-mail or correspondence.
The City makes every reasonable effort to ensure that your identifying
information is not disclosed to outside sources.
The City does not guarantee
the accuracy, reliability, or confidentiality of any such
communications. The Internet should not be used to transmit any
sensitive or confidential information to the City, as such information
may be intercepted. Given the unreliable nature of Internet
communications, information transmitted to the City via electronic means
may not be received, nor may it be received or reviewed in a timely
manner, although the City makes every reasonable effort to respond to
messages received.
At any time, while accessing
the Site, any user, while online, may decline participation in any
activity that asks for information (i.e. survey, e-mail or e-commerce).
Your choice not to participate will in no way affect your ability to use
other features on the Site. In online applications that ask for
personal information, you also are provided the option of canceling and
terminating the application. However, if you do not identify yourself we
will not be able to respond back to you.
Statistics
The City may collect and
store information for statistical purposes. For example, the City may
count the number of users to the different sections of the Site to help
make those sections more useful to users. Similar information is
gathered for anonymous ftp (file transfer protocol), remote account
login, or for other comparable types of connections.
Proprietary Rights
The City retains copyright
on all text, graphic images, and other content (the "material") on the
Site. The material published on the Site is protected by copyright and
other intellectual property laws, and is owned or controlled by the
City, or the party listed as the provider of the content, software, or
other materials. Commercial use of the materials is prohibited without
written permission of the City.
UNAUTHORIZED COPYING, REPRODUCTION, REPUBLISHING, UPLOADING,
DOWNLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING OR DUPLICATING ANY OF THE MATERIAL
IS PROHIBITED. You may download or copy any downloadable material
displayed on the Site for home, noncommercial, and personal use only,
provided that you maintain all copyright, trademark, or other notices
contained in the material and you agree to abide by all additional
copyright notices, trademark notices, information, or restrictions
contained in any material accessed through the Site.
Authorized Purposes
The Site shall be used only
for authorized purposes. Unauthorized modification of any information
stored on this system may result in criminal prosecution under Federal,
State, and local laws. The City and its agents may monitor and audit the
usage of the Site, and all persons are hereby notified that use of the
Site constitutes consent to such monitoring and auditing.
You shall not restrict or inhibit any other user from using
and enjoying any service conducted on this Site. You shall not upload,
transmit, distribute, or otherwise publish on the Site:
any unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, or indecent materials; or
any materials which infringe upon any intellectual property rights of any third party; or
any materials that advertises or otherwise solicits funds; or is a solicitation for goods and services; or
any materials containing a virus or other harmful component.
While the City has no
obligation to monitor the Site and is not responsible for the content of
any messages, information, or files transmitted on the Site, the City
reserves the right to delete, move, edit, refuse to post, or take other
appropriate action with respect to such messages, information or files
which the City, in its sole discretion, deems objectionable or otherwise
in violation of these Terms and Conditions.
GIS/Mapping Information
The GIS and mapping
applications accessed through this web site provide a visual display of
data for your convenience. Every reasonable effort has been made to
assure the accuracy of the maps and associated data. The City of San
Bernardino makes no warranty, representation or guaranty as to the
content, sequence, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any of the
data provided herein. The user of these applications should not rely on
the data provided herein for any reason.
Security
The City uses reasonable
precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to the City
secure. The Site employs industry-standard methods to monitor network
traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change
information or otherwise cause damage.
Advertising
Reference in this Site to
any specific commercial product, process, or service, or the use of any
trade name, firm, or corporation does not constitute or imply
endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the City.
City Domain and E-mail Address Policy
The domains
"ci.san-bernardino.ca.us", "sbcity.org",
"sbcitywater.org", "sbcityfire.org", "sbmayor.org", "sbpdonline.org" and
"joinsbpd.org" shall be the only domain names used for all City
departments, programs, facilities and employees. No City department,
program, facility or employee shall register a domain name
independently.
All email addresses
associated with the domains of the City of San Bernardino shall be
assigned by the Information Technology Department.
Contact Information
To offer comments about this Site or about information presented in this Disclaimer and Privacy Policy, please Click Here.
Privacy PolicyContact Us