https://www.girlsclub.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Our Story
Center for Community
Board of Directors
Staff
Contact Us
Programs
How to Enroll
Programs
Partner Programs
New Initiatives: 2018–2028
Center for Wellbeing & Happiness
New Girl City: Agents of Change
Events
Calendar of Events
Get Involved
Mentor & Volunteer
Angel Alliance
Shop La Tiendita
Girlville
News & Press
Girls Club COVID-19 Response and Resources
WGRL.NYC Podcast
Donate
COVID-19 Community Action Fund
Privacy Policy for www.girlsclub.org
The Lower Eastside Girls Club takes your privacy seriously. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
How does The Lower Eastside Girls Club collect information?
The Lower Eastside Girls Club does not collect IP addresses or deposit any “cookies” in an attempt to gain information about website users. We collect information volunteered by the visitor to participate in activities on the site, such as making a donation, purchasing an item from our shop, funding a project in someone’s honor, creating or participating in a fundraising page, buying tickets to an event, requesting email newsletters and/or contacting us through one or more of our contact email addresses. The Lower Eastside Girls Club also collects your information when you apply to volunteer or fill out our enrollment inquiry form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you make your contribution or fulfill your order.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, fill out a volunteer application, complete our enrollment inquiry form:
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other opportunities to contribute/participate.
To contact you regarding openings in programs or volunteer opportunities.
By making a contribution on our website, you agree to receive emails based on transactional activity, which may include confirmation emails, receipts, acknowledgment messages, updates on programs you’ve funded, and upcoming events. You can unsubscribe from emails at anytime by clicking “unsubscribe” in the body of the email, contacting the LESGC at 212-982-1633 x209, by email at newsletter@girlsclub.org, or by sending a letter to: Donations, The Lower Eastside Girls Club, 101 Avenue D, Suite 12E, New York, NY 10009.
By voluntarily providing us with your name, credit card information, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, billing address, and any other personally identifiable information, you consent to our use of such information for the purpose(s) for which it was collected, such as processing your donations, participating in a fundraiser, funding a project in someone’s honor, and/or for providing any other service or product you request.
The Lower Eastside Girls Club does not sell, rent, give away or share its e-mail addresses or other information with outside sources.
Should any material changes be made to the ways in which we use personally identifiable information, the Lower Eastside Girls Club will take commercially reasonable measures to obtain e-mail consent from you. We will also post the changes to our use of personally identifiable information on our site at least 30 days prior to a change.
How do we protect visitor information?
The Lower Eastside Girls Club exerts reasonable efforts to protect personal information received from users of our site from unauthorized use or disclosure. We do not allow unauthorized access via the Internet to the portion of our server that contains personally identifiable user information. All credit card information provided as requested on the Sites for donations is encrypted using the SSL protocol and we do not retain any end-user credit card information after the processing of the transaction is complete.