http://www.sipri.org/about/privacy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
About SIPRI
SIPRI Privacy policy
SIPRI is compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and adheres to its principles. Stiftelsen Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), organisation number 802006–2660, acts as the controller. SIPRI will not use any personal data collected on this site for any purpose other than that specifically stated. SIPRI will not use personal contact details to send you further information. If you agree to receive, or sign up for, further information from SIPRI by email you will be offered an opportunity to unsubscribe from that communication at all points of contact. SIPRI does not sell or pass on personal contact details to any organization.
SIPRI collects standard log files on its web server. These log files do not collect personal data but rather information which assists SIPRI in assessing the use and usability of the site. This information may include the IP address of your computer. SIPRI will not attempt to trace that IP address to you personally, nor will it allow that information to be tracked by outside agencies.
Cookies and how they are used on www.sipri.org
This website uses cookies. The website's analytics cookies include Google Analytics. According to the Swedish law of electronic communication, which came into effect on 1 July 2011, all visitors of cookie-enabled websites should be informed that the website contains cookies, how they are used and how to avoid them.
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer on request from a website. They are used to keep track of your current session. Cookies are created when you use your browser to visit a website to keep track of your movements within the site, help you resume where you left off, remember your registered login, theme selection, preferences, and other customization functions. They also enable us to keep statistics on unique visitors of the website.
How to turn off cookies
You can refuse to accept all or some cookies by amending the settings on your web browser. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, you may not be able to access all or parts of this site.
You may also delete cookies at any time by going to the browsing settings on your web browser.
EMAIL NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to receive SIPRI updates
CONNECT