http://www.versuslaw.com/w3c/privacy.htm
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
Our site is not set up to automatically collect personally identifiable information from each visitor; however, our web server collects access logs containing technical information. It does recognize the home server of visitors, but not e-mail addresses. For example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify a specific visitor. This information is used only for internal purposes by our technical support staff.
In a few areas on our site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to verify whether you are entitled to access and use certain information, materials and services, or to enable us to enhance your site visit, to assist you with customer service or technical support issues, to follow up with you after your visit, or to otherwise support our customer relationship. It is completely optional for you to participate. However, failure to participate may mean that you cannot access and use certain information, materials and services.
In those instances, we typically ask for your name, e-mail address, phone number, address, law practice information, product preference information, username and password, as well as other similar personal information that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers. On occasion, we may ask for additional information to enable us to provide you with access to and use of certain information, materials and services. In the case of newsletters, special offers, or mailing lists, you will be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into our site, or by contacting customer support directly. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Removal Of Information
Content is acquired from courts in all states and federal jurisdictions.
The entirety of this information constitutes a set of documents held in the public
domain, documents which collectively form an appellate record.
We maintain this set of documents to serve the public in matters of legal research.
Documents that have received an official or de facto official citation are not subject to removal absent a court order that thereby alters the existing appellate
record to remove said document.
Based on internal policy guidelines, wholly subject to change without notice, VersusLaw may decide to excise certain information contained within decisions
rendered by courts and released into the public domain.
The criteria includes, but is not limited to nor by the following:
a person has been the victim of a violent crime, the knowledge of which would reasonably be likely to bring embarrassment, humiliation, or further harm
to the victim (rape of either sex, victim of domestic violence, victim of a confidence scheme, etc.);
personal information has been released by the court which could be used to commit crimes against the person about whom the information has been
released, i.e., SSN, residence address, bank numbers, etc.;
a person under the age of majority has been identified in the opinion; and
a person who has cooperated with the authorities in an investigation of a matter has been identified, the knowledge of which could bring
him/her harm by others, i.e., an informant, neighbor, witness, etc.
In those circumstances where we keep the decision online, but have decided to excise the name of a person as a part of the caption we will change
the name/identity to, "XXX
[Editor's Note: name excised to comply with VersusLaw's privacy policy.]"
In those circumstances where we decide it appropriate to delete the entirety of a decision from our databases, we will act only in respect to the
content contained on our servers; we may choose to notify other search engines, but are not required to do so by the terms of this privacy policy.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (425) 250-0142.
This is a P3P-enabled
web site. If you are using a
P3P-enabled web browser you should be able to fetch the P3P policy automatically. If not,
here is the P3P policy and the P3P
policy reference file.
Last updated 17 January 2011 by VersusLaw Inc.
http://www.versuslaw.com/w3c/privacy.htm