http://www.scarboromissions.ca/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Blogs
News
A Canadian Roman Catholic Mission Society
Magazine
Historical overview
Masthead
Previous Issues
Interfaith Dialogue
A legacy of interfaith understanding and dialogue
Principles and Guidelines for Interfaith Dialogue
Curriculum Resources
Jewish-Christian Relations
Youth and Dialogue
The Church & Dialogue
Golden Rule
Golden Rule
Justice, Peace, Creation
Caring for Creation
Justice, Peace & Integrity of Creation (JPIC) News
Catholic Social Teaching
Kairos
Ecological Mission Statement
Resources
The history of the Justice, Peace, and Integrity of Creation Office
Mission Education
Celebrating Multiculturalism
Global Church
Resources
Spiritual Reflections
Study Guides
Teaching Models
Retreats & Workshops
A history of the Scarboro Mission Centre
Retreats for Youth
Retreats for Adults
Adult Education
Links/Flyers/Posters
Archives
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for the Web Site
Privacy Policy for Benefactors
Privacy Policy for Missioners and Employees
Privacy Policy for the Web Site
Scarboro Missions is committed to ensuring that your privacy is respected when you visit this site.
Scarboro Missions is the sole owner of the information presented and collected on this site. Any personal information that you divulge will not be sold or shared with any external organization.
Scarboro Missions grants you a limited licence to access and make personal use of this site; however, you are prohibited from downloading and modifying the site, or any portion of the site, without the consent of Scarboro Missions.
All of the information, content, pictures, graphics, and logos contained on this site are Copyright 2002 Scarboro Missions. All Rights Reserved.
Please note that this policy applies only to this site, and once you leave the site, by a link or otherwise, this privacy policy no longer applies.
Privacy Policy for Benefactors
Introduction
Scarboro Missions recognizes the importance of privacy and the sensitivity of personal information. Scarboro Missions is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our benefactors by handling any personal information that they give us in a respectful, professional and lawful manner. This Policy Statement has been prepared to affirm our commitment to maintaining the privacy of our benefactors and others and to inform them of our practices concerning the collection, use and disclosure of information provided to Scarboro Missions. Other applicable laws and internal Scarboro Mission policies govern the protection of personal information of employees and missioners of Scarboro Missions.
Collection and Use of Personal Information of Benefactors
Scarboro Missions often requests people who are interested in learning more about our community and the work we do, to send in their names and addresses. Personal information is also obtained from benefactors who send in donations or request mass stipends, magazine subscriptions and other promotional material.
Personal information is used by Scarboro Missions to inform benefactors about the various aspects of our community and work and to appeal for support. Personal information is also used to inform benefactors of renewal dates for magazine subscriptions. From time to time, Scarboro Missions may send the names and addresses of benefactors to mail houses who are engaged by Scarboro Missions to mail mission magazines or appeal letters to benefactors. Each mail house signs a privacy agreement with Scarboro Missions in which the mail house agrees that it will safeguard the information and will not use it for any purpose other than the mailing of material on behalf of Scarboro Missions. Personal information is not sold to outside organizations and is kept solely for the use of Scarboro Missions.
Each individual sending in a donation of over $5. is sent a tax receipt. We give the person an option to choose “Other than tax receipts, do not send me any further mailings”. If this option is chosen we comply with the individual’s wishes. Otherwise, from time to time, we send the benefactors further appeals asking for their support.
About Our Web Site
Scarboro Missions grants individuals a limited licence to access and make personal use of our Web site www.scarboromissions.ca Although individuals are permitted to download certain articles from our site, they are prohibited from modifying any portion of the site.
A visitor to our Web site is not required to reveal any individual identifiable information, such as a name, address or telephone number, nor is such information collected passively by electronic means. Information is collected when an individual voluntarily provides it, such as by making a donation or subscribing to a magazine. The information is then collected, used or disclosed in a manner consistent with this Policy Statement.
Our policies apply only to our own site and once you leave this site by a link or otherwise, this privacy policy no longer applies.
Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention
Personal information from our benefactors is not used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual or as required by law. Personal information is retained until the benefactor requests that it be deleted.
Safeguards
Scarboro Missions takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that all personal information is kept safe from loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. Among the steps taken to protect information are:
Security of Premises
Restricted file access to personal information
Deploying technological safeguards, such as security software and firewalls to prevent hacking or unauthorized computer access; and
Internal password and security policies.
Openness Policy
These policies on protecting the privacy of personal information are posted on our Web site and are readily available to anyone who asks for a copy of this document.
Individual Access
Upon request, an individual shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information and shall be given access to that information. Any individual has the right to challenge the accuracy of the information we have on our files and to have it amended or deleted.
Scarboro Missions Privacy Officer
The General Council will appoint a Scarboro Missioner, either priest or lay, as our Privacy officer. At present, this position is filled by John Carten. He will be assisted by a member of our staff. John Carten can be reached at 416-261-7135 – Fax no. 416-261-0820. If any person is not satisfied with the response of Scarboro Missions, the Privacy Commission of Canada can be reached at 112 Kent Street, Ottawa, ON K1A 1H3 (1-800-282-1376).
Updating and Amending the Privacy Policy
This Policy is in effect as of January 1, 2004. Scarboro Missions will, from time to time, review and revise its privacy practices and this Policy. In the event of any amendment, a notice will be posted on www.scarboromissions.ca and published in appropriate Scarboro Missions publications. Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date of posting to the Web site, as well as to existing information held by Scarboro Missions.
Privacy Policy for Missioners and Employees
Introduction
Scarboro Missions recognizes the importance of privacy and the sensitivity of personal information. Scarboro Missions is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our employees and missioners by handling any personal information that they give us in a respectful, professional and lawful manner. This Policy Statement has been prepared to affirm our commitment to maintaining the privacy of our employees and missioners and to inform them of our practices concerning the collection, use and disclosure of information provided to Scarboro Missions. Applicable laws and other Scarboro Mission policies govern the personal information of benefactors of Scarboro Missions.
About Our Recruitment Policy and Privacy
Scarboro Missions requests people who are interested in becoming a Scarboro missioner (priest or lay) to fill out an application form, send in an autobiography and letters of reference and undergo a psychological evaluation. The application form includes the consent of the applicant to the collection, use and disclosure of the information in the application and supporting documents, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Lay Mission Applicants
The application, autobiography, reference letters and an oral report of the psychological evaluation for each lay mission applicant is available to the members of the Lay Mission Admissions Committee that is responsible for the screening of lay applicants and for determining whether or not to accept the applicant into the formation program.
All of the applicant’s information and documentation is kept in a personal file under lock and key. If the applicant withdraws his or her application or is not accepted as a candidate into the formation program, all of the information will be destroyed within 60 days unless the applicant specifically instructs Scarboro Missions to retain some or all of the information and documentation. Scarboro Missions shall retain for its permanent records a list of the documents that were provided by the applicant.
Scarboro Missions may maintain in its data base the names and addresses of applicants in order to forward promotional material and information about Scarboro Missions. The name and address of an applicant will be removed from the data base whenever the applicant requests Scarboro Missions to do so.
Priest Applicants
For priest applicants, the application, autobiography, letters of reference, transcript of marks and psychological evaluation are available to the Director of the Formation Education Department and the members of the Admissions Committee responsible for screening Priest applicants.
All of the applicant’s information and documentation is kept in a personal file under lock and key. If the applicant withdraws his or her application or is not accepted as a candidate into the formation program, all of the information will be destroyed within 60 days unless the applicant specifically instructs Scarboro Missions to retain some or all of the information. Scarboro Missions shall retain for its permanent records a list of the documents that were provided by the applicant.
Scarboro Missions may maintain in its data base the names and addresses of applicants in order to forward promotional material and information about Scarboro Missions. The name and address of an applicant will be removed from the data base whenever the applicant requests Scarboro Missions to do so.
Missioners
Where an applicant is accepted as a candidate to become a missioner (lay or priest), all information and documentation obtained during the application process will be retained as part of the candidate’s file.
The files for lay missioners and lay candidates will be kept in the Lay Missions Office under lock and key and will be accessible to the Coordinator of the Lay Missions Office, the Co-coordinator and the Program Director. Current files for priest candidates are kept under lock and key in the office of the Director of the Formation Education Department. They will be accessible by the Director of the Formation Education Department and the FED Admissions Committee.
Files for priest missioners are kept under lock and key either in the office of the Moderator or in the Society archives in the office of the Secretary General. They are accessible to the members of the General Council and the Secretary General.
Information required for the handling of estates, annuities, payroll, income tax and insurance purposes for missioners (priest and lay) will be retained in the Treasurer’s office.
Information for candidates will only be destroyed with the consent and approval of the [Coordinator of the Lay Missions Office or the Director of the Formation Education Department].
The information on file for lay missioners will also be used at the discretion of the [Coordinator of the Lay Missions Office or the Moderator] when necessary for the legitimate purposes of Scarboro Missions, such as when a Lay Missioner is considered for placement or a change in a ministry. The information on priests missioners will also be used at the discretion of the [ Moderator and the General Council ] when necessary for the legitimate purposes of Scarboro Missions.
Information will also be disclosed at the discretion of the [Coordinator of the Lay Missions Office or the Moderator] when required by law or where necessary to protect the interests of Scarboro Missions.
Employee Applicants
Applicants for employment by Scarboro Missions are required to complete an application form and participate in a series of interviews. Any information gathered at this time will be reviewed by an Applications Board and kept on file with the appropriate Department Head.
For applicants who withdraw their application or are not accepted for employment, all personal information will be destroyed within 60 days unless retention is specifically consented to by the Applicant or required to comply with any applicable law.
Scarboro Employees
Personal information on Scarboro part-time and full-time employees will be kept on file in the office of the responsible department head and in the Treasurer’s Office. Yearly job performance reviews are conducted and kept on file as well. After an individual leaves the employment of Scarboro Missions, personal files are then kept on file for a period of seven years.
Safeguards
Scarboro Missions takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that all personal information is kept safe from loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. Among the steps taken to protect information are:
Security of Premises
Restricted file access to personal information
Deploying technological safeguards, such as security software and firewalls to prevent hacking or unauthorized computer access; and
Internal password and security policies.
Openness Policy
These policies on protecting the privacy of personal information are posted on our website and are readily available to anyone who asks for a copy of this document.
Individual Access
Upon request, an individual shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information and shall be given access to that information. Any individual has the right to challenge the accuracy of the information we have on our files and to have it amended or deleted if the changes are mutually agreed upon with the responsible authority.
About Accessing Scarboro Society Archives
The detailed policy on accessing material kept in the Archives of the Scarboro Foreign Mission Society is outlined in the document titled “Policies and Procedures for the Headquarters Archives and Record Center of the Scarboro Foreign Mission Society.”
Scarboro Missions Privacy Officer
The General Council will appoint a Scarboro Missioner, either priest or lay, as our Privacy officer. At present, this position is filled by John Carten. He will be assisted by a member of our staff. John Carten can be reached at 416-261-7135 – Fax no. 416-261-0820. If any person is not satisfied with the response of Scarboro Missions, the Privacy Commission of Canada can be reached at 112 Kent Street, Ottawa, ON K1A 1H3 (1-800-282-1376).
Updating and Amending the Privacy Policy
This Policy is in effect as of January 1, 2004. Scarboro Missions will, from time to time, review and revise its privacy practices and this Policy. In the event of any amendment, a notice will be posted on www.scarboromissions.ca and published in appropriate Scarboro Missions publications. Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date of posting to the website, as well as to existing information held by Scarboro Missions.
Contact Us Scarboro Missions
124-61 Fairfax Crescent
Toronto, ON   M1L 1Z7
Canada
Phone: 416-261-7135 Ext. 5741
Privacy Policy
Mission Scarboro Missions is a Society of Canadian Catholics, priests and laity, motivated by the Spirit, who dedicate themselves to the person, teaching and mission of Jesus Christ as expressed in his words:
"I have come that they may have life and have it to the full." (John 10:10)
Search
Copyright © 2020. All Rights reserved. Designed by WPlook Studio