http://www.chainofhope.org/privacy-policy-cookies/
A message from our Chairman and CEO re Covid-19
Donate nowMenuSearchHomeWhat we doMeet the childrenWhat you can doWho we areGala BallNewsContact usSite searchSearch keyword(s): SearchHomePrivacy Policy & Cookies
In this section This privacy policy explains how and why Chain of Hope collects and uses your personal information. When we refer to “we” or “us” in this policy we are referring to Chain of Hope.We are a registered company (number 03933420) and a registered charity (number 1081384).Our address is South Parade C/O Royal Brompton, Hospital, Sydney Street, London, SW3 6NP. For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and any applicable replacement legislation, we are the data controller. In this policy we use the term personal information to mean any information you give us from which you can be identified. This might include your name, your home address, your personal email contact details, or your telephone number. Personal information does not include information where your identity has been removed (i.e. anonymous data).We use the term special categories of personal information to mean information about your race, ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, health or sexual orientation.
1. Where we collect information about you from?
We collect personal information about you in the following ways;DIRECTLY – When you provide the information to us You may give us your information in order to access any of our services, make a donation, sign up to an event, or when you communicate with us. Sometimes when you support us, your information is collected by an organisation working on our behalf (e.g. a Silent Auction Bidding Company), but they will only process your personal information in line with our instructions.INDIRECTLY – When you give permission to other organisations to share it with us Your information may be shared with us by independent third parties, for example event organisers such as the London Marathon or fundraising sites like JustGiving or Virgin Money Giving. These third parties will only share your personal information with us if you have given your consent. You should check their Privacy Policy to understand fully how they will process your information. AVAILABLE PUBLICLY – When your information is available in the public domain We may combine information that we already have about you with information available publicly or information available from external sources in order to gain a better understanding of you and to improve our fundraising methods, and communication (see section 3 below for more information).  We also use publicly available information to identify individuals who may be interested in giving major gifts to charities or organisations like Chain of Hope
3. How we use your information to fulfill your requests and support you
3.1To respond to or fulfil any requests, complaints or queries you make to us If you contact us directly, we will use the information you give to us to handle your enquiry or request. This may include sharing your details with other Chain of Hope personnel in order to process your enquiry, responding to your query or feedback, or sending you relevant information such as fundraising materials or information. We may also keep a record of conversations we have with you, feedback you provide and any marketing materials we send out to you. 3.2To process any donations you make, claim any relevant Gift Aid and maintain a record of your past or potential future financial contributions This includes keeping a record of any pledges, gift agreements or any other indications that you are planning to donate to Chain of Hope. We keep a record of any donations we receive for audit or legal purposes, for example we are legally required to keep information related to Gift Aid for six years. We may need to use your information to prevent fraud.3.3To provide you with information and support for any services, events, fundraising and campaigning activities or volunteering opportunities you sign up to We will send information and support to you by post, phone, mobile messaging, email, social media, or any other channels for which you have provided your details. When you have asked for details of an event, we will send you information including, where relevant, ideas for fundraising and reminders on key information about the activity.   You can contact us at any time if you want to update your communication preferences or if you choose not to receive this information.   We may also receive information through event organisers or through third party websites such as JustGiving or Virgin Money Giving so we know you are fundraising for us.3.4To manage our recruitment When applying for a role with Chain of Hope, the personal data you provide as part of the recruitment process will only be held and processed for the purpose of the selection processes and in connection with any subsequent employment unless otherwise indicated. You will be asked to provide certain information including your name, contact details, employment history and qualifications. This information is mandatory in order to consider your application, communicate with you about your application and where successful, follow up with references or meet our statutory and internal monitoring and reporting responsibilities. We may also view social media profiles of applicants, such as LinkedIn, to the extent that it is relevant to your application.
5. How we use your information if you receive treatment through Chain of Hope
If you receive treatment through Chain of Hope, we may collect and record information about the treatment you have received; details on the diagnosis, procedure, medical team; and other information should follow-up care be provided.  We will use this information: •   Where we have a substantial public interest; or •   If it is necessary to protect your vital interests (or the vital interests of another person) and you are incapable of giving consent.We may also ask for your consent to use your story and experience in our communications including PR and media activity, digital and social media, campaigning, fundraising materials and internal communications, to help us raise awareness of Chain of Hope.We will never use your story and photo without obtaining your consent first.
7. How long we keep your information
We will hold your information for only as long as is necessary from the end of your relationship with the charity in accordance with our data retention policy. In some circumstances, this will be shorter. If you would like to know how long we will hold any specific information, then please contact us and we can provide further details.Donors to the Charity:Data RetainedMaintained ForDonor Information15 years after last financial donationMedical DataFor the patient's lifetime and 10 years after the patient's death Medical Volunteer Data15 years after last voluntary placementChild Support Volunteer Data7 years after last voluntary placement
9. Update to this policy
We may update this policy to reflect changes in how we use your information. You may wish to check this policy each time you provide Chain of Hope with your information. Where appropriate, we will provide you with notice of any significant changes to how we use your information.
2. Why we use your information
We will only use your information where we have a legal basis to do so and will always respect your rights. We may use your personal information: •   If you have given us your consent to use the information for a specified purpose, such as sending you updates on our work to you by email •   Where it is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, for example to claim Gift Aid on a donation •   Where it is necessary to enter into, or perform, a contract with you, such as when you apply for a job with us •   For our own (or a third party’s) legitimate interests, provided your rights don’t override these interests, for example fundraising, internal record keeping, research and reporting. Less commonly, we may use your personal information where it is needed in relation to legal claims, where it is needed to protect your vital interests (or someone else's vital interests) and you are not capable of giving your consent, or where you have already made the information public.
4. How we use your information to tell you about our work
4.1 To send you marketing communications by email, mobile messaging, or direct message on social media, where you have consented to receive this Where you have provided an email, mobile phone number, or details of your social media profiles and consented to receive marketing communications from us in this way, we will send you information by those channels – including by direct message through social media – covering ways to give or raise money for us, to campaign for us and to volunteer for us.4.2 To contact you by phone and post  Where it is appropriate and relevant, and you have provided us with a telephone number or a postal address, we will occasionally call or write to you to tell you about ways to give or raise money for us, to campaign for us and to volunteer for us. We do this as we consider it is a legitimate interest to promote our charitable cause and communicate with you about ways you can support us. We will not contact you by phone for marketing purposes if your number is registered with the Telephone Preference Service, unless you have agreed to receive marketing calls from us.4.3 To manage your contact preferences You can tell us to stop contacting you, or change the way in which we do so, by getting in touch with us - call 0207 351 1978 or email oroyo@chainofhope.org. We will keep a record of any requests to stop receiving marketing from us to ensure that we do not communicate with you in the future, unless you tell us you want to hear from us again.  4.4 To make sure we speak to you in way that is relevant to you, and to understand our supporters more broadly We try to ensure that our communications are as effective as possible so that we make the best use of the money we spend on them. This means communicating with people in different ways, appropriate to them.On occasion, we will use information about how you have interacted with us previously, for example the record of your previous donations to us and the type of activity you have been involved with, to tailor our communications with you about future activities. We will also use information about how you use our website or interact with our emails so we can make them more effective. For example, we use the third party provider Google Analytics to gather this information.In certain circumstances we will use information about you from publicly available sources such as online registries, websites, media or social media, or personal introductions in order to understand more about your interests and preferences so that we can better tailor our communications – telling you about the things you are likely to be interested in or letting you know of ways to fundraise with us which is relevant to you. We may do this by looking up such information as your career information, peer networks, listed directorships, demographic information, ability to donate, interests or other information.External data sources include publicly available information such as Companies House, Charity Commission and other charity registers, Electoral Roll, reputable newspaper articles, publications, company websites and biographies on professional networking sites as well as geographic and demographic information based on your postcode. This allows us to segment our database and gives us a better understanding of our supporters. It also helps us to make appropriate requests to supporters who may be able and willing to give more than they already do.  Importantly, it enables us to raise more funds, sooner, and more cost-effectively, than we otherwise would. If you would prefer we didn’t use your information in the ways listed above, then you have the right to tell us to stop by getting in touch with us call 0207 351 1978 or email oroyo@chainofhope.org .  4.5 Use any images, videos of, or other information you tell us about something you have done for Chain of Hope If you share information about the fundraising or campaigning activities you have done for us, or your personal experiences, by post, email or over social media, we may want to use this to help us promote our events and activities in the future. We may use this information where we have a legitimate interest (For example to share something you post about us on social medial on our own social media accounts)
6. Sharing your information with other organisations
We will never share your information with third parties for their own purposes, unless: •   You give us your consent to •   We have a legitimate interest to do so, for example sharing information with regulators to protect our rights, property and safety, or the rights, property and safety of others; or  •   We are legally required to do so. For example, we are legally required to provide your data to HMRC if you have agreed to us claiming Gift Aid on your behalf.   We also use suppliers known as 'data processors' to process your personal information on our behalf, for example, to send out mailings or process payments. When enlisting the services of such suppliers we ensure that they are under a contractual obligation to only use your information in accordance with our instructions and for no other purposes.  Sometimes organisations who work on our behalf may manage information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). In those circumstances, we will make sure that adequate levels of privacy protection, in line with UK data protection law, are in place. These safeguards will usually be contractual and/or the result of a European Union decision which allows the transfer (such as a US organization that is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework).
8. Your rights
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). If you want to access your information, send a description of the information you want to see and proof of your identity by post to Chain of Hope, South Parade, London, SW3 6NPAsk us to correct personal information that we hold about you which is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate.Ask us to erase your personal information from our files and systems where there is no good reason for us continuing to hold it.Object to us using your personal information to further our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) or where we are using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.Ask us to restrict or suspend the use of your personal information, for example, if you want us to establish its accuracy or our reasons for using it.Ask us to transfer your personal information to another person or organisation. If you have given your consent to us processing your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact us. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your personal information and, subject to our retention policy, we will dispose of your data securely.Contact us on 0207 351 1978 or email info@chainofhope.org if you would like to exercise any of these rights.You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
10. Cookies
Cookies may be used by our website (www.chainofhope.org) to allow us to recognise you and your preferred settings e.g. to store your ID and password for future sessions. This saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the Website. You have the option not to use this feature, in which event no cookies will be retained on your computer.If the site has a secure log-in for our registered users, it may use a temporary ’session cookie’ in order to perform the secure login to our website. This cookie contains no personal information, just a long random number, and is deleted from your web browser when you exit the website.Temporary cookies are used in the transactional part of the website to authenticate you as an authorised user after you have logged in.Your browser may be capable of being programmed to reject cookies, or to warn you before downloading cookies, and information regarding this may be found in your browser’s ‘help’ facility.For an explanation of cookies see the All About Cookies website.If you have any questions regarding the use of cookies please contact us.Below is a table of all cookies on this website – their name, type and purpose:COOKIE TYPECOOKIE NAMECOOKIE PURPOSESESSION & TYPO3 CONTENT MANAGEMENT COOKIESession & fe_typo_userWe use session cookies to record an individual users preferences that the user has specified, so that each time the user returns their preferences remain. Commonly this would be language settings, shopping carts, anything where you have indicated a preference. Where forms are used on the site, we hold the information in a session cookie so that we can improve the user experience on the site. Should a user, for example, forget to fill in parts of a form when submitting a form, we can auto-fill the values for those fields that have been filled in, thereby reducing the amount of fields a user needs to amend. This information is stored only in your browser and is destroyed once your browser is closed.GOOGLE ANALYTICS__utmz __utmc __utmb __utmaThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site for you. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.We use third party companies as suppliers for some of our functions. Their use of the data is controlled by our contract with them and they are only allowed to use the data strictly for the purpose we have stated e.g. the data is not used in connection with data from other companies and we are not tracking user behaviour outside our own sites.
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy & CookiesAccessibility StatementSitemapSearch
Follow usFacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagram
Remain In The Chain We're keeping ahead of data protection legislation changes and switching to an ‘opt-in' policy. Let us know how to keep in touch with you.Submit your details
Chain of Hope is a registered charity in the UK no. 1081384 and a registered company (ltd by guarantee) no. 3933420
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy & CookiesAccessibility StatementSitemapSearch© 2020 Chain of HopeWeb design agency - Liquid Light
You are currently offline. Some pages or content may fail to load.