http://www.westburywills.com/privacy-policy.html
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml",xml:lang="en",lang="en">
Westbury Wills
Patrick's in-depth knowledge of the subject, combined with his quiet, calm professional manner put our minds at rest - before our bodies! Dave Saunders
0117 907 1002
Willing to give peace of mind
HomeWillsTrustsPower of attorneyFuneral PlansPricesInfoAboutTestimonialsSociety of Will WritersCode of conductContact UsFind us in BristolBristol and AvonPrivacy PolicyBlog
Privacy Policy
Personal Data
In the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Personal Data is defined as
“…any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ("data subject"); an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that person.”
How we use your information
The following privacy policy will outline how Westbury Wills will collect and use your data. This isdone so that we can:
Complete such work as you instruct us to carry out for you.
Comply with all relevant legislative requirements.
We will only collect data that you consent to provide to us and which is required to complete such work as you instruct us to undertake on your beheld.
Why do we need to collect and store personal data?
To do any of the above, we must collect and store your data firstly for correspondence purposes and secondly to carry out instructions that you provide to us. We will ensure that the information collected will only be used for its intended purpose and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy. The nature of our business is such that you may also provide us with personal data in relation to third parties such as those to be named as executors, guardians, beneficiaries, or others.Such information is referred to in GDPR as ‘article 14’ information.
Will we share your personal data with anyone else?
We will not pass your personal data to any third party, unless either you explicitly instruct us to do so, or unless we are otherwise legally obliged to do so.
How will we use the personal data we collect about you?
Processing data constitutes as collecting, storing and using. We will process your data in accordance with the GDPR. We will do our utmost to keep your information accurate and up to date and not keep it longer than is necessary Westbury Wills may issue occasional reminders to all customers to keep their contact details up to date and will update them accordingly.Please be advised that there is information that we are required to keep in accordance with the law, such as information needed for tax and audit purposes. Personal data may be held for longer than these periods, however this will depend on the individual needs of the company.We will not disclose to relevant third parties that you have provided article 14 information about them to us. Article 14(5)(b) exempts us from the need to disclose to such individuals that we hold their personal data as to do so “is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of the processing” of your personal data and could breach our data protection obligations in respect of your own personal data.
Under what circumstances will we contact you?
We will only ever contact you when necessary, or when you have requested that we do so. We do not mean at any point to be intrusive or ask for unnecessary information. We will do our best to ensure that the information we hold is as secure as possible to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Can you find out about the personal data that we hold about you?
If you want to see what personal data we hold on you and how it is processed, you may contact us to request this. This is known as a Data Subject Access Request (DSAR) and you must request this in writing (either by post or email), providing the necessary identification before any information is released. If Westbury Wills do store any of your personal data, you may request information on the following:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and
why to process your data. In some cases, this will be a representative in the EU.
Contact details of the GDPR owner, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of Westbury Wills or a third party, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information about how we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
What forms of ID will you need to provide to access this?
Westbury Wills will accept the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested:
Passport; Photo Driving Licence; Utility Bill (from the last three months); Notarised ID Document;
Contact details of the GDPR Owner
If you wish to submit a DSAR, or have any questions regarding this privacy statement, you must do so in writing using the following information:-Address: 57 Sylvan Way Bristol BS9 2LBEmail:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Telephone: 0117 907 1002
Use of cookies on this site
To make this site simpler, small data files are placed on your computer. These are known as cookies.
Most big websites do this too.
They improve things by:
remembering settings, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page;
remembering information you’ve given (e.g. your postcode) so you don’t need to keep entering it;
measuring how you use the website so we can make sure it meets your needs.
Our cookies aren’t used to identify you personally. They’re just here to make the site work better for you. Indeed, you can manage and/or delete these small files as you wish.
You can opt out of Google Analytics cookies for all sites.
To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit AboutCookies.org.
I) First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.We use Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this site. We do this to make sure it’s meeting its users’ needs and to understand how we could do it better. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. We do not use cookies to collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. There are also cookies that store basic data on your interactions with Joomla the CMS running this website.
II) Third Party Cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site.Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Cookies are currently set by Twitter, Facebook and Google+. If you want to prevent sites setting third party cookies, instructions to do so are here.
III) Log Files
Log files allow us to record visitors’ use of the site. These logs are automatically generated from all our visitors, which we use to make improvements to the layout of the site and to the information in it, based on the way that visitors move around it. Log files do not contain any personal information about you.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other external sites. You should note, that if you click through to any of these external sites, we do not have control over that and we cannot be responsible for the protection of any information that you provide to these other websites as they are not governed by this privacy statement. You should always exercise caution and look at the privacy statement of whichever website it is that you are visiting.
Policy Changes
Westbury Wills reserves the right to change this privacy policy and will post any revisions on this web site. Your continued use of this web site will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.
Westbury Wills is a member of the
Society of Will Writers
Westbury Wills
57 Sylvan Way,
Sea Mills,
Bristol
BS9 2LB
United Kingdom
Phone: 0117 907 1002
© 2012 Patrick O'Neill
SEO Services by Search Centric Bristol