http://www.fonc.org.uk/cookies-and-privacy.html
FONC HomeFONC Contact UsFONC Give a DonationFONC Join UsFONC Members AreaFONC Publication ListFONC PoliciesFONC Where are we?2020 Guided Tours2021 Guided Tours2021 Open DayCreditsCookies and PrivacyGravesite SearchLeysdown TragedyLinksMonumental InscriptionsNational Cemeteries WeekNunhead InsectsPast ExhibitionsPhoto GalleriesRemembering Rex BattenTree TrailWar Graves RededicationWhat's New?
Username
Password
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Share this page on
Friends of Nunhead Cemetery Website Privacy Statement
The Friends of Nunhead Cemetery are committed to respecting your privacy. In general, you can visit the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery website without revealing any information about yourself. We do collect information regarding visitors to our website. We analyse this data for trends and statistics to help us provide you with a better experience.
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Friends of Nunhead Cemetery. It applies to services, facilities and technologies which are employed on this site, or which may be employed in the future.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. We also use this information to help us to make using our web site easier to use and more enjoyable.
In almost all cases, when you go to a web site, web servers log your interaction with the site in something called a log file. Standard log files like ours contain basic information such as what time what pages were viewed, and the IP address of the visitor. We use this information to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We make no effort to identify IP addresses with individual users.
The Friends of Nunhead Cemetery website cookie
The Friends of Nunhead Cemetery website uses a “session cookie” to identify your browser “session” as you move between pages on the website and perform activities. The cookie is delightfully named “72bb8782d91598a68f5cf1bc10b62150” and is deleted when you close your browser.
The website cookie allows our website to recognise each subsequent request from your browser as being the same browser that made the initial request to our website.
By knowing that each subsequent request is related to the first, our website is able to track your actions as you move around the website and to provide interactive features. By analysing how our website is being used in general, we can improve the website experience for future visitors. Should you experience any problems in using our website, our website developers may be able to use this information to track down your specific “user journey” and investigate and fix any issues that might arise.
The cookie itself is a very small text file that is stored on your device (for example, your PC or your phone) by your web browser. It contains a simple text code that your browser sends back to our website each time you browse to a new page. This allows the website to look up your specific session and associate data for that session with your browser. The data itself is not stored in your cookie but on the server(s) operating the website.
Each page on our website is generated by a sophisticated Content Management System (CMS). This system provides a number of interactive features where your experience may be tailored according to your past activity on the website. Such features require the “session cookie” to operate.
The session cookie provides the ability for you to log on to our website using your unique user name (or e-mail address) and password.
The session cookie provides the means to remember that you have submitted a form so that you are not asked to re-submit it.
As we improve our website over time, similar and more advanced features may be added that also require a “session cookie” to operate.
Google Analytics
The Friends of Nunhead Cemetery website uses cookies to allow Google Analytics to function correctly. Google Analytics is a free web analytics tools that helps us understand how visitors engage with the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery website. These cookies have names that begin with __utm such as __utma and __utmz.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously; it reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. The cookies store information such as the number of visits to the website and what site referred the visitor to the web page. We use the information to view reports about how visitors interact with the website and to help us improve the website. A different set of cookies is used for each website, and visitors are not tracked across multiple sites.
Information about these cookies and how to reject or delete them: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html and http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ads/#toc-analytics.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Google’s privacy policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
How to control and delete cookies
You may restrict or block the cookies which are set by the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery website, or any other website, through your browser settings.
To find out more about cookies and how to manage them, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery website.
Information from Email Forms
Our site’s on-line email forms require you to give us contact information (such as your name, email address and phone number). Contact information from the email forms is used to answer questions and send you information about the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery.
Protecting Your Privacy
By using the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery webiste you agree to allow the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery to use your information.
Data collected is only used for internal use, i.e.
To send you information about Friends of Nunhead Cemetery.
To answer your questions.
Your information will not be shared with individuals or other companies except in the following circumstances :
Unless required by law.
The Friends of Nunhead Cemetery does not and will not sell your information to third parties.
External Links
Our Web site may provide links to third party sites (The National Confederation of Cemetery Friends websites for example). Please be aware that the Friends of Nunhead Cemetery is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us by e-mailing the
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
The Friends of Nunhead Cemetery
~ Back To Top ~
These web pages are maintained by Simon Quill. FONC Member 1423.If you have any problems accessing them then please send a message to the
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
Friends of Nunhead Cemetery (FONC)Established 1981 - Registered charity number 296413
| FONC Home | FONC Contact Us | FONC Give a Donation | FONC Join Us | FONC Members Area | FONC Publication List | FONC Policies | FONC Where are we? | 2020 Guided Tours | 2021 Guided Tours | 2021 Open Day | Credits | Cookies and Privacy | Gravesite Search | Leysdown Tragedy | Links | Monumental Inscriptions | National Cemeteries Week | Nunhead Insects | Past Exhibitions | Photo Galleries | Remembering Rex Batten | Tree Trail | War Graves Rededication | What's New? |