http://www.unity.org/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Revised: March, 2016
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Unity Worldwide Ministries and Unity World Headquarters (“Company”) collects, protects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (“you,” “your” or “User”) of its http://www.unity.org website and any derivative or affiliated websites on which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Site”).
IMPORTANT – THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND COMPANY. BY USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SITE, CREATING, REGISTERING OR ACCESSING AN ACCOUNT, POSTING OR DOWNLOADING CONTENT, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION TO OR FROM THE SITE OR MANIFESTING YOUR ASSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN ANY OTHER MANNER, YOU HEREBY UNEQUIVOCALLY AND EXPRESSLY AGREE TO, AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO, THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT UNEQUIVOCALLY AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SITE, CREATE, REGISTER, OR ACCESS AN ACCOUNT OR POST OR DOWNLOAD CONTENT OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION TO OR FROM THE SITE.
General. Company is committed to safeguarding the information you entrust to Company and believes that every User should know how it utilizes the information collected from Users. Please note that the Site may contain links to other websites, and the Site allows Users to download or otherwise access Content (including software), controlled by third parties. Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of these or any other websites or Content controlled by third parties, and you access and utilize such Content and websites entirely at your own risk. Company recommends that you review the privacy and other practices governing any other websites that you choose to visit and any Content you wish to download or otherwise access. Company is based, and this website is hosted, in the United States of America. If you are from the European Union, Canada, or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law and you are registering an account on the Site, visiting the Site, or purchasing products from Company or the Site, or otherwise using the Site, please note that any personally identifiable information that you provide to Company may be transferred to or utilized by Company or its affiliates in the United States. Any such personally identifiable information provided may be processed and stored in the United States by Company or a service provider acting on its behalf.
Updates. Company reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, supplement, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised copy to this page. It is your responsibility to read and understand any changes to this Privacy Policy. You understand that you have the affirmative obligation to check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes, and you hereby agree to periodically review this Privacy Policy for such changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes an acceptance of those changes.
Terms of Use. Remember that your use of the Site is at all times subject to the Unity Worldwide Ministries’ Terms of Use, which incorporates this Privacy Policy and is posted on the Site https://www.unityworldwideministries.org/privacy-policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use the http://www.unity.org Site.
Information Company Collects. Our Site has the ability to collect two types of information from and about you: (a) information that you provide that may be used to personally and specifically identify or contact you; and (b) information that does not personally identify you. We collect this information: (a) directly from you when you provide it to us; (b) automatically as you navigate through the Site; and/or (c) from third parties, for example, our business partners. Users browsing the Site without registering an account or affirmatively providing personally identifiable information to Company do so anonymously.
Personally Identifiable Information: Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you, such as your name, postal and email addresses, phone number, credit card or bank account information, etc. Users may provide and Company may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways. Personally identifiable information may include, without limitation, (i) contact data (such as a User’s name, mailing, and email addresses) to register an account on our Site; (ii) demographic data (such as a User’s gender, zip code, or age) when participating in a survey or poll, or registering, or creating a profile on our Site; (iii) financial information or payment information collected to pay for purchases made from other Users via the Site or otherwise (such as credit card, debit card, or other payment information); or (iv) other information willingly inputted by account holders in relation to services provided via our Site. Company does not collect social security numbers. If you communicate with Company by email or otherwise, post User Content (as defined herein) to the Site, post messages to any forums, complete online forms, surveys or entries, provide information outside of the account registration process, or otherwise interact with or use the features on the Site, any information you provide may be collected by Company. Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone (e.g., your age), but may become so when combined with other information (e.g., your age and name). Whether or not you provide this information is your choice; however, in many instances this type of information is required to realize a benefit we may offer, or gain access to certain content on our Site.
Non-Personal Information. Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you. Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified; that is, information about you that has been rendered anonymous. We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us, either separately or together with your personally identifiable information. We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Site. This information can include, among other things: your IP address, GPS coordinates, or other unique identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer, mobile, or other device used to access the Site; the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, etc.); the third-party website from which your visit originated; the operating system you are using (e.g., Vista, Windows XP, Mac OS, etc.); the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, NetZero, etc.); the search terms you use on our Site; the specific areas within our Site that you visit; and the time of day and duration of your visits.
Additionally, certain information regarding your computer systems, network locations, IP address, and software may be communicated to Company in certain circumstances by the digital rights management systems associated with certain Content that you download or access via the Site in order to prevent unauthorized use or distribution of the associated Content. Non-personally identifiable information collected by Company (such as patterns of utilization) is exclusively owned by Company and may be used as it sees fit in accordance with applicable law.
Additional Information about Collection Methods. A few of the methods and/or avenues that may be used to collect non-personal information include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods hereafter developed):
Cookies. Like most websites, the Site uses cookies and Web log files to track site usage. A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer that allows Company to recognize you as a User when you return to the Site using the same computer and Web browser. Like the information you enter during account registration, cookie and log file data is used to customize your experience on the Site. Cookies typically work by assigning a number to the user that has no meaning outside of the assigning website. Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information. One type of cookie, known as a “persistent” cookie, is set once you have logged in to your Site account. The next time you visit our Site, the persistent cookie will allow us to recognize you as an existing User so you will not need to log in before using the Site. In order to access or change any of your private information, you must log in with your password even if your computer contains your persistent cookie. Additionally, if you log out of the Site you will need to re-enter your password the next time you visit in order to log in to your account. Another type of cookie, called a “session” cookie, is used to identify a particular visit to the Site. Session cookies expire after a short time or when you close your Web browser. If you do not want information to be collected through the use of cookies, your browser allows you to deny or accept the use of cookies. You can choose to disable cookies or allow your browser to notify you when a cookie is being sent, however this may prevent you from utilizing certain features of the Site.
IP Addresses. Due to the communications standards on the Internet, Company automatically receives the uniform resource locator (URL) of the website from which you came and the website to which you proceed once you leave the Site. Company also receives the IP address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of Web browser you are using, as well as the name of your Internet service provider (ISP). This information is used to analyze overall trends to help us improve the Site. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is shared with third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Web Beacons and Ad Networks. Company may allow other companies, called ad networks, to serve advertisements to Users via the Site. Ad networks include third-party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors, and research firms. Company may “target” some ads to Users that fit a certain general profile. To deliver these ads properly, the Site may include a file, called a Web beacon, from these ad networks within pages served by the Site or implement other monitoring technologies so the networks may provide anonymous, aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for advertisers as well as to target ads to you while you visit other websites. These general targets may also be used by ad networks to display targeted ads on other websites as a substitute for random, irrelevant ads. In addition, the Site may use the technology of ad networks to serve ads only when you visit this Site. Ad networks may use non-personal information, such as your state or zip code, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of particular interest to you while you visit this Site. Because your Web browser must request these advertisements and Web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a Web page from their site.
Keeping Your Information Secure. When you submit information to us through our Site, you should be aware that your information is transmitted across the Internet and that no method of transmission over the Internet is 100 percent secure. Although we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy and take reasonable security measures to protect your information when we receive it, you also need to ensure you take appropriate steps to protect your information. Your information may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to or from us. Please be advised that we cannot and do not ensure, represent, guarantee, or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information.
In the unfortunate event that your "personally identifiable information" (as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach) is compromised, we may notify you by email (at our sole and absolute discretion) to the last email address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances; provided, however, delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation. From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information, and when appropriate, we upgrade our information security systems.
Collection of Information By Third-Party Sites, Ad Servers, and Sponsors. Our Site may contain links to other third-party sites that we do not control or maintain. These sites may have information practices different from ours. You should exercise caution and consult the privacy notices of all third-party websites before accessing such websites, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting such websites and such websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
How Company Uses Information.
Company may use personally identifiable information collected through the Site for the specific purposes for which the information was collected, to verify your identity, verify your address, to contact Users for a variety of reasons, such as customer service, regarding other Content, products, and services offered by Company that we believe may be of interest to you, to manage risk, or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared via our Site, and otherwise to enhance Users’ experience with Company. Company may also use information collected through the Site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Site and the business planning, marketing, advertising, and sales efforts of Company, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners. Information collected from you may also be used to ensure compliance with certain terms and conditions and agreements entered between you and Company as well as to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of Content downloaded or otherwise accessed via the Site.
Company will communicate with you through email and notices posted on this Site. These may include a series of welcome emails which help inform new Users about various features of the Site, emails, and confirmations regarding actions taken by you on the Site or orders placed by you through the Site, and notices relating to the proper functioning of the Site or your account. Company may use your personal information to send you promotional information relating to the Content, products, and services offered by third parties that Company feels may be of interest to you. The personal information you provide will allow us to alert you to new developments, new products, features, and enhancements; special offers; upgrade opportunities; and surveys, contests, and events of interest. We strive to limit use of the information you provide to those offers that we think you would appreciate receiving. To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared, please contact that partner directly. We may send Company emails that may contain information regarding third-party products or services; however, this doesn’t mean that we’ve traded your personal information to any party.
We may use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect in a variety of ways, including to administer the Site, help us analyze site traffic, understand customer needs and trends, carry out targeted promotional activities, improve the quality of the pages that make up our Site, gather broad demographic information, and to improve our Site. We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others.
Disclosure of Information.
Company may disclose personally identifiable information collected from Users to its parent, subsidiary, third parties, and other related companies, including, but not limited to, our co-promotional partners, vendors, consultants and professional advisors, trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above, to the extent necessary for them to perform or provide the services offered by the Site and the Site itself, and for the specific purposes for which the information was collected.
Company may disclose personally identifiable information in order to protect the rights, property, or safety of a User or any other person. Company may disclose personally identifiable information if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding a violation by User of any contractual or other relationship with Company or where Company has a good faith belief that access, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, its users or the public or the perpetration of any illegal or harmful activity, or as otherwise required by law. Company may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Users to content developers, investors, advertisers, and potential partners. Finally, Company may disclose or transfer personally identifiable information collected from Users to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of our business, Site or applicable database; or in connection with or in contemplation of a sale of its assets or business or a merger, consolidation, or other reorganization of its business.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Site, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our users or the general public.
Personal Information Provided as Part of User Content. If a User includes such User’s personally identifiable information as part of the content that such User posts to the Site, such information may be made available to any parties using the Site. Company does not edit or otherwise remove such information before it is posted on the Site. If a User does not wish to have such User’s personally identifiable information made available in this manner, such User must remove any such information before posting such content. Company is not liable for any damages caused or incurred due to personally identifiable information made available in the foregoing manners.
Security of Information. Information about Users that is maintained on Company’s systems is protected using industry standard security measures. In order to secure your personal information, access to your data is password-protected, and sensitive data is protected by SSL encryption when it is exchanged between your Web browser and the Site. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and Company cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from its systems will be completely secure. Company is not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site by any Users or third parties.
Children's Privacy. Our Site is a general audience site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you use the Site, you hereby represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, any information we receive from users we believe to be under the age of 13 will be purged from our database.
Your California Privacy Rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users that are residents of California to request from companies conducting business in California certain information regarding Company’s disclosures of personally identifiable information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email Company at unity@unityonline.org or write us at the address noted below.
Correcting, Updating, Accessing, or Removing Personal Information. Whether or not you provide personally identifiable information is completely your own choice. You are not obligated to answer any question that is presented to you on or through our Site. To the extent applicable, if a User’s personally identifiable information changes (such as a User’s zip code), or if a User no longer desires to receive non-account specific information from Company, Company will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update, and/or remove that User’s previously provided personal data. You may opt out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies, or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies. This can be done by emailing a request to Company at unity@unityonline.org. Whether or not you opt out is your choice; however, in many instances this type of information is required to participate in a particular activity, realize a benefit we may offer, or gain access to certain content, products, or offers on our Site. Additionally, you may request access to the personally identifiable information as collected by Company by sending a request to Company as set forth above. Please note that in certain circumstances, Company may not be able to completely remove a User’s information from its systems. For example, Company may retain a User’s personal information for legitimate business purposes, if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, for account recovery purposes, if required by law or as retained in Company’s data backup systems, or cached or archived pages. All retained personally identifiable information will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy to which the User has previously agreed.
Contacting Company. You may contact us as at the following if: (a) you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy; (b) you wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided; (c) you want to opt-out from receiving correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies; or (d) you wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Unity Worldwide Ministries                            Unity World Headquarters
P.O. Box 610                                                      1901 NW Blue Parkway
Lee’s Summit, MO 64063                               Unity Village, MO 64065-0001
(816) 524-7414                                                   (816) 524-3550
info@unity.org                                                    unity@unityonline.org