https://www.slaafws.org/privacy-security
YOUR PRIVACY
The privacy and anonymity of visitors to the S.L.A.A. website is of utmost importance.  We do not sell, rent, or lend any information to any third party. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care, anonymity and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you voluntarily subscribe to a newsletter or fill out a form.
When subscribing to a newsletter or filling out a form such as Group or Intergroup registration, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, mailing address, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site without giving us any of your information.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes.  We use cookies to understand and remember your preferences and to track page visits so we can make website improvements.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain non-identifying information.  You can still use our website if you do not accept cookies.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings.  See your browser’s help file for instructions.  Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
The information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
When you fill out a form or request information
Forms such as Intergroup and Group Registrations collect data to be posted on the F.W.S. website as part of a public information listing.  Sections that are published on the website are clearly marked, and your information is never used for any other purpose than what is originally indicated.
When you sign up for newsletter emails
The email address you provide for newsletter signup will only be used to send you mailings for the selected newsletter.  We never send unsolicited email.  If you decide to sign up for a newsletter, you will receive emails that include news and information related only to S.L.A.A.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the top and bottom of each email.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
Any information you provide is kept confidential and viewed only by authorized persons necessary to process your request.  No personally identifiable information is posted on the F.W.S. website.  Access to offline information is taken seriously and security measures to control it are utilized, such as password-protected servers.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, managing financial matters, or maintaining our office technology, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when release is necessary to comply with the law.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
As a service, we link to websites provided by S.L.A.A. Intergroups and Groups as well as those of other 12-Step “S-Fellowships”.  When you click these links, you will leave the S.L.A.A. website.  These sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.   This legislation is the only state law of its kind that outlines practices for safe web browsing.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, our Privacy Policy is clearly displayed on every page and contains information on data we collect, how it is used, and how changes to your information can be made.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
This online privacy policy applies not only to information collected through our website but also to information collected offline where applicable.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to this Privacy and Security Policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
ACCESSING AND CHANGING YOUR INFORMATION
Information sent to us electronically may be changed by submitting the same form originally used and entering the new information.  Those in Conference service who have a login account on our website may make changes to their account information at any time by logging into the website and going to the ‘My Account’ page.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
The Augustine Fellowship, S.L.A.A., Fellowship-Wide Services, Inc.
1550 NE Loop 410 Suite 118
San Antonio, TX 78209 USA
Phone # (210) 828-7900
Fax # (210) 828-7922
https://slaafws.org
Updated January 21, 2017
Policies of Fellowship-Wide Services:Privacy and Security PolicyTerms of Use PolicyIntellectual Property PoliciesWhistleblower Policy