http://www.oblates.org/privacy-policy
About Us
Leadership
Spirituality
DeSales Weekly
News & Events
Vocations
COVID-19
Support Us
PRIVACY STATEMENT Oblates of St. Francis de SalesInformation Collection and UseOblates of St. Francis de Sales ('Oblates of St. Francis de Sales' 'OSFS', 'us' or 'we') is the sole owner of the information collected on or by Oblates.org, Osfs.org, 2desales.com. The Oblates of St. Francis de Sales collects information from our users ('user' or 'you') at several different points on our Web site.OrderWe request information from the user as part of the order fulfillment process. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and delivery address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date and other payment information). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. This information is used to contact the user for delivery or with issues.Information UseWe take your privacy very seriously and every effort is made to protect sensitive information (such as billing information). We use the information to better serve our customers by identifying areas of our website which need improvement and keep them up to date with available offers. It is also used to provide our customers with offers that we feel will best suit their needs. You are able to keep from getting these savings and promotions by emailing our membership department at desales.prayers@oblates.org. We take security as of utmost importance at Oblates of St. Francis de Sales and so any information provided during registration or afterwards is kept in our secure database, where it is inaccessible by third parties.ProfileWe store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our Website, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use persistent cookies. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time.By setting a cookie on our site, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. Third Party Advertising Information about user’s visits to this site, such as number of times they have viewed an ad (but not user name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to users on this site.This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Oblates.org only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Log FilesLike most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to enable our Web-based service.Communications from the Site:Service AnnouncementsOn rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.Customer ServiceWe communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.Sharing: Legal DisclaimerThough we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. Oblates of St. Francis de Sales shares the aggregate demographic information it collects solely for the purposes of identifying the strengths and weaknesses of our site as well as how its users move around the site with respect to the third party advertisers who are listed on the site. However, this is not linked to any personally identifiable information as we hold this information securely within our database where it is not accessible to outside parties.Third Party AdvertisersOblates of St. Francis de Sales shares Web site usage information about users with a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites. For example, Oblates of St. Francis de Sales uses cookies on this site, which allow them to recognize a user's cookie when a user visits this site. The information they collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable. These are the instances in which we will share users’ personal information:Third Party IntermediariesWe may use an outside shipping company to ship some orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.Business TransitionsIn the event Oblates of St. Francis de Sales goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email and prominent notice on our Web site prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.Choice/Opt-outOur users are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at desales.prayers@oblates.org. Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.LinksThis Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Oblates of St. Francis de Sales, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Surveys ContestsFrom time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used and shared with the contest sponsors to notify the winners and award prizes. Anonymous survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users' personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.SecurityThis Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line. If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to desales.prayers@oblates.org.Personal InformationIf a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can be done at the 'Edit Account Information' section under My Account, by emailing our Customer Support at desales.prayers@oblates.org or by telephone at the contact information listed below.Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.Updated: 26 November 2004
Healing
Oblates Only
Privacy Policy
Legal
2200 Kentmere Parkway
Wilmington, DE 19806
1-302-656-8529