http://www.savewealth.com/legal/
Estate
Planning
Retirement
Planning
Reducing
Taxes
Plan Travel
Store
About
Us
Contact
Us
Important
Links
Legal
Notices
The
information provided at SaveWealth.com is believed to be accurate at time of transmission. These
comments oversimplify the complexity, and do not begin to define the
scope
and power of the subject matter. Planning is a "must" to protect
you along with your family and assets. Asset protection is critical if
maintaining or improving your standard of living is important.
Any mention
of interest rates, rates of return, or examples are purely hypothetical
and not intended to represent any assurances or guarantees.
SaveWealth
does not practice law or act as a tax professional. You should seek the
advice of a knowledgeable tax advisor or attorney, familiar with the laws
of your state, before implementing any estate, tax, or retirement planning
strategy. Because laws vary from state to state, your advisor or attorney
needs to be aware of all state and local laws that may affect any estate,
tax or retirement planning strategy.
Insurance products are offered to residents
of California, Florida, Oregon, Pennsylvania and Utah. CA License 0A68625,
FL License E106589, UT License 210854, PA License 324211.
Nothing in
this website constitutes investment or legal advice provided by SaveWealth
guest contributors, or affiliated partners. SaveWealth and its affiliates
shall not be responsible for investment decisions, damages, or other losses
resulting from use of this website.
No legal,
tax or investment advice is intended or provided. Note
that investment products:
SaveWealth
is not affiliated in any way with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Securities
and Exchange Commission or any of the other institutions mentioned
herein.
Terms
of Use
By using this website, you represent that you have read
and understand these terms of use, you agree to be bound by these terms
of use, and you represent the capacity to be bound by these terms of use
and, if you are acting on behalf of a company, organization or any other
entity, you have the authority to bind such company, organization or other
entity. If any of the foregoing are not true, then you should not use
this website.
Ownership
and Copyright
SaveWealth.com
is a subsidiary of SCARRGO Corporation. Except as
otherwise noted, this website and its content (including text, information,
material, software and graphics) are owned by SaveWealth.com and protected
by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
SaveWealth, ChasePlane, and StormScout are registered trademarks, and SaveWealth.com, eStatements,
MapTime, SaveWealth Financial, SaveYellow, SaveWealth Travel,
WebCite and SaveWealth Advisors are trademarks of SCARRGO Corporation,
and are protected by U.S. copyright and trademark
laws.
You may use
this website for the purposes of learning about, evaluating or acquiring
products or services provided by our affiliated partners. You may print
hard copies of this website (or portions thereof) only for the same purposes,
provided that any copies contain the copyright clause found at the bottom
of each page. You may not modify, copy, distribute, retransmit, sell,
publish, broadcast, distribute for commercial purposes, or circulate this
website or any portion thereof without our prior written consent.
SaveWealth
reserves the right to change or discontinue this website at any time without
notice.
Warranties
This website is provided "as is." SaveWealth.com
does not warrant the accuracy, correctness, completeness or timeliness
of this website and hereby disclaims all warranties of any kind regarding
this website, either express or implied, including but not limited to
any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
ownership, noninfringement, accuracy of informational content, and absence
of viruses and damaging or disabling code.
Some jurisdictions
do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties, so the
above exclusion or limitation may not apply.
Limitation
of Liability
SaveWealth.com's and any affiliates' aggregate liability
arising from or relating to these terms of use, this website, or the use
of this website, whether in contract or tort, shall be limited to actual
direct damages that can be proven up to an amount not to exceed $1,000.
In no event shall SaveWealth.com or its affiliates be liable for any special,
indirect or consequential damages arising from or relating to the foregoing,
whether in contract or tort, even if SaveWealth.com has been advised of
the possibility of such damages.
Some jurisdictions
do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential
damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless SaveWealth.com
and its affiliates against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, costs
or damages of any kind arising from or relating to your use of this website.
Links
to Third Party Sites
This website contains links to websites made available
by third parties. These links are provided only as a convenience to users
of this website, and are not under the control of SaveWealth.com, nor
does SaveWealth.com make any representations or warranties, express or
implied, regarding these websites or their content. These links do not
constitute an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation by
SaveWealth.com with respect to any third party, its products or services,
or its website.
Privacy
Per our Privacy
Policy, SaveWealth.com may use and disclose information provided by
you through this website (including e-mail) or made available through
your use of this website for specific purposes, without being required
to compensate you in any way.
Governing
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the United States of America and the State
of California, without giving effect to any choice-of-law or conflict-of-law
provision or rule (whether the State of California or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other
than the United States of America or the State of California.
You hereby
consent to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in
San Diego, California, U.S.A. for any action or proceeding brought by
SaveWealth.com or any affiliates arising under or relating to these Terms
of Use, this website or the use of, or reliance on, this website, whether
based in contract or tort.
Scope
of Agreement
These Terms of Use shall constitute the entire agreement
between you and SaveWealth.com regarding the subject matter hereof, and
shall supersede any and all prior negotiations, representations, warranties,
undertakings or agreements, written or oral, between the parties regarding
such subject matter.
Severability
To the maximum extent possible, each provision in these Terms of Use shall
be interpreted in such manner as to be valid and enforceable under applicable
law. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable
under applicable law, such provision shall be modified so as to be rendered
valid and enforceable while implementing, to the maximum extent possible,
the original intent of such provision. If such modification is not possible
or allowed, then such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent
of such unenforceability or invalidity without affecting the remainder
of such provision or any other provisions in these Terms of Use.
In
Closing...
We welcome
your questions and comments.
Please contact us and
tell us what you think about our legal and privacy policies.
We're
committed to protecting your privacy...
Your
privacy is of paramount importance.
©2015 SaveWealth. All
rights reserved.
Disclaimer
| Contact | Ads
| Privacy
| Legal
| About
Travel
| Yellow
Pages | Links
| Trademarks
| Help