https://www.jfscolumbus.org/privacy-statement-legal-notice/
LoginSign Up
Contact Us Today!Donate Now
About Us
Home
About Us
Annual Report
Our History
Board of Directors
Agency Leadership
Let’s Get You Connected
Caregivers and Older Adults
Life to the Fullest Services
Caregivers and Older Adults Services
Assessment Checklists
Aging Concerns Checklist
Home-Safety Checklist
Job Seekers
Professionals
Entry & Mid Level
MAX Interpersonal Career Coaching
Careers at JFS
Community Services
Virtual Workshops
The Monday Buzz
Virtual Senior Activities
Privacy Statement / Legal Notice
Thank you for visiting the web site of Jewish Family Services (JFS) of Columbus, Ohio, and reviewing our privacy policy. We take your privacy seriously. In general, you can visit Jewish Family Services on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (i.e., any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will be used only to support your relationship with Jewish Family Services. Jewish Family Services does not sell, exchange or release your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Disclaimers
Jewish Family Services is proud to be a source of information for our many programs and services. Our comments are based on professional advice, published experience, and expert opinion, but they do not represent therapeutic recommendation or prescription. For specific information and advice, consult your personal physician, attorney, financial advisor, and/or tax preparer.
Any reference to a commercial or noncommercial product, process, service, or company is not an endorsement or recommendation by Jewish Family Services. Jewish Family Services does not endorse or recommend products, services, or manufacturers. Jewish Family Services assumes no liability whatsoever for the use or contents of any product or service mentioned.
Our site may contain links to other web sites, including web sites directed toward children. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, sponsors, or other sites to which we provide links from our site. We encourage you to check the applicable privacy policy of the website sponsor when linking to other web sites.
The Jewish Family Services web site address (URL) is http://www.JFSColumbus.org. When you visit our web site, our web servers automatically recognize the browser’s domain name, IP address, operating system, browser type and version, as well as the referring URL. Our servers do not record e-mail addresses. We collect the domain names and IP addresses in order to aggregate information on what pages users access or visit. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
Jewish Family Services will collect only personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, sending us e-mails. If you provide us with personal information, we will normally respond to your inquiry or request by e-mail, or telephone, depending on your requests and our resources.
We may also contact you to provide information about Jewish Family Services activities, programs, and development opportunities and special events that may interest you. We will never share your name or information outside Jewish Family Services unless you affirmatively authorize us to do so.
The Jewish Family Services web site offers opportunities to communicate with some of our programs by e-mail, or through web forms. Because these means of communication are not encrypted, the possibility exists that unauthorized individuals may intercept e-mail messages with us. Jewish Family Services is not responsible for privacy of e-mail messages except those stored in our system.
If you have other questions about this privacy policy, or have suggestions on how it may be improved, please feel free to e-mail us at info@JFSColumbus.org, or contact us by telephone at 614-231-1890.
These privacy policies are effective as of November 23, 2009. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time, and will post any changes to this policy as soon as they go into effect. It is your responsibility to refer to this privacy policy on accessing this site.
Annual Report
About Us
Contact Us
Employers
Job Seekers
Careers at JFS
Privacy Statement / Legal Notice
Services to the Jewish Community
Services to Survivors of Nazi Persecution
Caregivers and Older Adults Services
© 2014 Jewish Family Services. Web Design by Chepri.