http://www.cellpals.com/privacy.htm
Advertise
on Cellpals
Packets
ORDERING & INFORMATION
Place An
Ad & Ordering Information
PRINT APPLICATION
Family Owned since 1999
PO Box 13278 Las Cruces, NM 88013
This privacy policy sets out how CellPals! uses and
protects any information that you give CellPals! when you use this website.
Last Revised: 09/10/2013
CellPals! is committed to ensuring that your
privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by
which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured
that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
CellPals! may change this policy from time to
time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to
ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and contact information including email address if you provide it to
us.
Demographic information such as generalized geographic location, web
browser, screen resolution and other information specific to the
technologies used by you, your web browser and/or computer to view our site
and interact with it.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a
better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for
market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your
interests.
We will never sell your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to
prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your
computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie
helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web
application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by
gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This
helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in
order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for
statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us
to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no
way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other
than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline
cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of
the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of
interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site,
you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any
information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are
not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look
at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal
information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box
that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be
used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for
direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing
to or emailing us at support@cellpals.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third
parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you
under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you
would like a copy of the information held on you please write to PO Box 13278
Las Cruces, NM 88013.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or
incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above
address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Prisoner Directory
Click on the links below to begin reading
hundreds of prisoner ads
Get addresses for
FREE!
No pop-ups, no registration required...
Male Prisoners
Female Prisoners
Death Row Inmates
Art Gallery
Photo Gallery
Gay Male Listings
Legal Help Wanted
Clay Bear's Art Gallery
Poetry Corner
$5 ADS
CellPals!
Free Public Access Website
World Wide Internet Pen Pal Organization
This site is for non judgmental people!
DISCLAIMER
By using CellPals YOU agree to hold CellPals and
its owner, and employees harmless from all costs, damages, liabilities, and attorney
fees resulting from advertisements and results of this service. In no event will
CellPals be responsible for any accidental, consequential, exemplary, or other
damages arising from or relating to your uses of this service. CellPals urges
you to use caution when using any interpersonal services on the internet. CellPals
reserves the right to refuse service and remove from CellPals services at anytime
anyone for any reason deemed appropriate by CellPals management. Abuse will not
be tolerated. All sites are, and will remain, the property of CellPals. Any media
who use names listed on this service, without permission from the person who's
name is being used, accept all legal consequences of such actions. CellPals DOES
NOT give permission for the media to obtain any names from these listings. By
following any link on
http://www.cellpals.com,
or any other pages within CellPals, you have agreed to these terms.
CellPals
© 2013
Privacy Policy -
Terms of Service
X