https://www.dgslaw.com/cookie-policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience on the site. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies. To learn more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
Cookie Policy
Davis Graham & Stubbs LLP (“DGS”) uses cookies on our websites, including dgslaw.com, dgs-up.com, dgslaw.com/alumni, and our other websites that display this Policy (collectively, the "DGS Sites"). This Cookies Policy provides more information about our use of cookies. By using the DGS Sites, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookies Policy. When you first visit a DGS Site, you may have seen a pop-up banner to this effect.
DGS and our service providers may use cookies and other technologies to gather information about your use of the DGS Sites. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer and web beacons are small electronic files located in DGS Site pages. These technologies collect and store information about your preferences and enable DGS to, for example, recognize and count the number of users to a DGS Site and see how they move around the DGS Site.
The DGS Sites may use the following categories of cookies and/or similar technologies:
Strictly necessary cookies, which websites may require to properly operate and/or provide necessary functions relating to the requested services. These cookies are essential to allow users to navigate a website and use certain features.Functionality cookies, which enable helpful but non-essential website functions that improve a user's experience on a website. By recognizing a user when they return to a website, these cookies may, for example, allow the website to remember that user's preferences (for example, choice of language or region).Performance and analytics cookies, which allow a website and third-party service providers to recognize and count the number of visitors to the website, how long a user spends on a webpage, and other statistical information to help the website operator determine which content is most popular and to improve the performance of the website.Specifically, DGS uses the following cookies on the DGS Sites:
Cookie Name
Source
Purpose
More Information
CraftSessionID
Craft CMS
Maintain sessions across web requests
Session cookie
CRAFT_CSRF_TOKEN
Craft CMS
Facilitate CSRF protection
Expires when the PHP session expires
Randomly-generated string, followed by “_identity”
Craft CMS
Stores information necessary to maintain a secure, authenticated session
Exists for as long as the user is authenticated in Craft
Randomly-generated string, followed by “_username”
Craft CMS
Remembers username on login form
Exists for the given duration
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the DGS Sites.
You may also withdraw consent for our cookie uses that are not strictly necessary by sending an email to info@dgslaw.com, provided you accompany such a request with sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you. We cannot respond to your request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the DGS Sites may become inaccessible or not function properly.
The cookies and similar technologies we use may process, store, or transfer personal information in and to a country outside your own, with privacy laws that provide different, possibly lower protections. You consent to this transfer, storing, or processing when you consent to our cookie use. We are based in the United States. Please review the third-party cookie provider's policy to learn more about its location.
Please note that this Cookies Policy does not apply to, and DGS is not responsible for, the privacy practices of third-party websites which may be linked to or accessible from the DGS Sites.
DGS may update this Cookies Policy at any time. You are responsible for periodically visiting the DGS Sites and this Cookies Policy to check for any changes.
For more information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Search Davis Graham & Stubbs
Search
Or, Reset
Attorneys
Events
Pages
Articles
Search Attorneys & Website