http://www.redondo.org/index_help/privacy.asp
Home»Index & Help»Privacy Policy
EmailContact UsPrint
More toExplore
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
This Web site is the property of and maintained by the City of Redondo Beach. Although every effort is made to maintain an accurate and up to date Web site, due to the fluid nature of the content, the City does not guarantee absolute accuracy and disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the site's contents. In addition, the City of Redondo Beach is not responsible for the content of any site linked to the City's Web site.
Privacy Policy
The City of Redondo Beach collects information to provide site users with effective service. Any information voluntarily submitted to the City will be used only for correspondence or official City business. Such information will not be used for commercial or political purposes and will not be provided to any third party unless under court order.
Information submitted to the City's Web site may be subject to disclosure in response to a request for documents under the California Public Records Act or other applicable laws.
This Web site contains links to other Web sites. The City of Redondo Beach is not responsible for the privacy practices, content, or copyright issues of those sites. When you select one of those links, you will be leaving the City's Web site and will be subject to the privacy policy of that Web site.
Third Party Links
For your convenience, the City of Redondo Beach's Web site provides links to other sites that may be of use to you. When you link to one of these sites, you are leaving the City's site. The City is not responsible for the content or policies of these sites or any link contained therein.
Advertising
The City of Redondo Beach Web site will not include any header, footer, or side banner announcements or advertisements of any kind on any page. Reference in this web site to any specific commercial product, process, or service, or the use of any trade name, firm, or corporation does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the City of Redondo Beach.
City Domain and E-mail Address Policy
The domain "redondo.org" shall be the only domain name used for all City departments, programs, facilities and employees. No City department, program, facility or employee shall register a domain name independently.
All email addresses associated with the domain redondo.org shall be assigned by the Information Technology Department.
Top