http://www.dignitysd.org/cookie_policy
Dignity/SD
donate to dignity
home
about dignity
»our history
»our mission
»bylaws
»contact us
»in memoriam
location
»ada accessibility
calendar
resources
»weddings
»bulletin announcements
»privacy policy
»photo galleries
»ministry schedule
»homilies
member login
donate
membership
livestream
podcast
newsletters
homeabout usour historyour missionboard of directorsbylawscontact usmembershipin memoriamlocationada accessibilitycalendardaily readingsresourcesweddingshomiliesbulletin announcementsprivacy policyministry schedulephoto galleriesapologetics
COOKIE POLICY
cookie policy || Dignity/SD
Last updated: January 1, 2020
Dignity San Diego ("Dignity/SD") (“us”, “we”, or “our”) uses cookies on the http://www.dignitysd.org website (the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
How Dignity/SD uses cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions of the Service
To provide analytics
To store your preferences
To enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:
Essential cookies
We may use cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as a user’s language preference on the Service Accounts-related cookies. We may use accounts-related cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. We may use these cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as the “remember me” functionality.
Analytics cookies
We may use analytics cookies to track information how the Service is used so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Service to see how our users react to them.
Advertising cookies
These type of cookies are used to deliver advertisements on and through the Service and track the performance of these advertisements. These cookies may also be used to enable third-party advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities or interests.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/macFor any other web browser, please visit your web browser’s official web pages.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
MORE INFORMATION
Just in case you didn't find it other places
advertisement
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
Stay in touch with Dignity/SD
connect with us
home
about dignity
our history
our mission
bylaws
contact us
membership
in memoriam
location
ada accessibility
calendar
resources
weddings
bulletin blurbs
photo galleries
ministry schedule
apologetics
dignity/sd © 1972-2020
all rights reserved
admin || privacy || cookies
website design by consilium media
powered by buildit! 3.0