http://www.stjohnswoking.org.uk/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
Main menu
HomeWhatWeddingsBabiesChildrenYouthMenWomenSeniorsRecordsWhenServicesCalendarEventsWhereSt John's HistoryEmmanuelOur facilitiesWhoStaffMission PartnersPastoral SupportWhyThe GospelOur Core ValuesHowHome GroupsMediaSermonsSafeguardingVacancies
The Parochial Church Council (PCC) of St John the Baptist Church, Woking
DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
1. Your personal data - what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
2. Who are we?
The PCC of St John the Baptist with Emmanuel, Mayford is the data controller.  This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
3. How do we process your personal data?
The PCC of St John the Baptist with Emmanuel, Mayford complies with its obligations under the GDPR by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To deliver the Church’s mission to our community and to carry our voluntary or charitable activities for the benefit of the public in St John’s and Mayford and the surrounding area
To administer parish membership records;
To fundraise, encourage giving to the church and promote the interests of the Church;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications);
To meet our legal obligations such as providing employee information to HMRC and information about the charity’s trustees (the PCC) to the Charity Commission and Guildford Diocese;
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at St John’s and Emmanuel Churches;
To enable to maintain appropriate safeguarding arrangements for our children and young people and vulnerable adults;
To help you identify where you could serve in the life of the church;
To provide you with appropriate and helpful pastoral care and/or support.
4. What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Most of our data is processed because it is necessary for our legitimate interests including, but not limited to:
Running of events, courses and activities;
Administration duties pertaining to all volunteer projects run for the benefit of the Church and community;
Safeguarding work to protect children and adults at risk.
We will always take into account your interests, rights and freedoms.
We may also process data if it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or to take steps to enter into a contract.
Where your data is used other than in accordance with one of these legal bases, we will first obtain your explicit consent to use it.
5. How is information provided?
You may provide us with personal data in many situations, such as when/if you:
complete a welcome card;
apply to be on our Electoral Roll;
ask to be on our Membership List;
request our involvement with a baptism, confirmation, wedding or funeral;
attend one of our events, prayer meetings or Sunday services;
apply for a Disclosure & Barring Service (“DBS”) check;
place your child in one of our activities for children such as crèche, Sunday School classes, holiday club;
sign up for a course or event (e.g. a marriage course / Christianity Explored Course);
email us or phone us or meet us in person (including for the purposes of pastoral care, encouragement, training and/or prayer);
join a serving rota in relation to one of our churches or ministries;
complete a giving/fundraising and/or gift aid form;
are employed on the staff team;
leave a comment on one of our social media pages;
6. Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We will only share your data with third parties outside the parish with your consent.
Your personal data may be transferred to insurance companies, law enforcement, regulatory, or other government/statutory bodies (e.g. HMRC, the Charity Commission or ) for the purposes of fraud prevention and/or to comply with any legal and regulatory issues and disclosures.
We do not sell, rent, distribute or otherwise make personal data commercially available to any third party except as described in this policy or with your prior permission.
7. How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out in the guide “Keep or Bin:  Care of Your Parish Records” which is available from the Church of England website at https://www.churchofengland.org/sites/default/files/2017-11/care_of_parish_records_keep_or_bin_-_2009_edition.pdf
Specifically, we retain electoral roll data while it is still current; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to six years after the calendar year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.  Completed registers are lodged with the Surrey History Centre.
8. Your rights and your personal data
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data.  When exercising any of the rights listed below, in order to process your request, we may need to verify your identity for your security. In such cases we will need you to respond with proof of your identity before you can exercise your rights.
The right to access information we hold on you
The right to correct and update the information we hold on you
The right to have your information erased.
The right to object to processing of your data
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time for any processing of data to which consent was sought
The right to object to the processing of personal data where applicable.
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office
9. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
10. Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact the Parish Manager via office [at] stjohnswoking.org.uk ()
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Newsheets
Latest Newsheets
Christmas Services
Saturday 19th December 4.00pm Christmas Carol Celebrations outside Church
Sunday 20th December10.00am Morning Worship6.30pm Carols by Candlelight
Christmas Eve3.00pm Children's Nativity Service4.30pm Children's Nativity Service
Christmas Day8.00am Prayer Book Holy Communion9.30am Shortened Communion@ Emmanuel10.00am Christmas Celebration Followed by Communion
Sunday Services
St John's8.00am Holy Communion from the 1662 Prayer Book10.00am Morning Service6.30pm Evening Service
More details
Emmanuel9.30am Morning Service
More details
Address
St John's ChurchChurch RoadSt John'sWokingSurreyGU21 7QNMapOffice HoursMon-Fri 9am-1pm(01483) 726039office [at] stjohnswoking.org.uk
Twitter