http://www.eurelectric.org/privacy-statement/
STAY INFORMED
Want to receive our alerts?
Subscribe for updates on major policy development, events and initiatives...
First Name *
Last Name *
E-mail address *
Organisation *
Choose the alerts you want to receive
News alerts
Events alerts
I'm a journalist
Phone *
Submit
Thank you, you have successfully subscribed !
Sorry, an error occurred during the subscription.
About Us
Membership
About Us
Membership
COVID-19
MEMBERS LOGIN
Toggle Navigation
Home
Media
Newsroom
Our News
Press Kit
Visuals
Power Facts
Key Topics
Power Barometer 2020
E-quality: Shaping an inclusive energy transition
Ports: Green gateways to Europe
COVID-19
Events
Publications
Key Publications
Full List
Digital
Webinars
Podcasts
Photos
Videos
Policy Areas
Decarbonisation
Electrification
Markets
Consumers
Power Distribution
Sustainability
Innovation
Eurelectric Privacy Statement
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) entered into force on 25 May 2018.
We very much care for the protection of your personal data. This privacy statement informs you about our practices with regard to the processing of your personal data, collected either through our website or other means.
Data controller
The controller (i.e. the entity determining why and how your personal data is processed) is Eurelectric AISBL (Eurelectric or We), with its registered office at Boulevard de l’Impératrice 66, 1000 Brussels, Belgium.
Purposes of processing and data processed
We may process your personal data for various purposes, as described below:
Purpose
Legal basis
Type of data processed
Processing of your application, if you have applied for a vacant position, have sent a spontaneous application or have been contacted by us for recruitment purposes
Legitimate interest to seek the most adequate candidates for employment and necessity for pre-contractual purposes
Your contact details, your education and professional history (including compensation & benefits information), information you may have posted on social networks which are accessible to the public, any other data you may insert in your cover letter and curriculum vitae, the content of our correspondence and our assessment of your application or suitability for positions
Vendor and supplier management
Performance of an agreement with individual vendors and/or suppliers and/or legitimate interest to be able to contact vendors’ and/or suppliers’ representatives for pre-contractual purposes or vendor and/or supplier contract management purposes
Your contact details, the content of agreements we may have concluded and information related to their performance, the content of our correspondence.
Sending of newsletters, event invitations and, more generally, promotion of Eurelectric’s activities
Legitimate interest to ensure for the promotion of Eurelectric’s activities
Your contact details and registration preferences; this may include dietary requirements in relation to the registration for events
Management of stakeholders’ contacts
Legitimate interest to pursue our activities using our contact network
Contact details, position, content of our correspondence and minutes or personal notes of any meetings, calls and conversations
Answering queries left through the contact form available on our website
Consent, pre-contractual purposes and legitimate interest to answer questions raised by people contacting Eurelectric
Contact details and any additional information which may be included in your request
We do not conduct profiling activities nor take automatic decisions on that basis.
Generally, we will obtain your personal data from yourself. In certain circumstances, we may obtain your personal data from third parties (essentially contact data in the framework of the management of stakeholders’ contacts) with whom we have entered into contracts for the provision of such information.
If you have applied for a vacant position, have sent a spontaneous application or have been contacted by us for recruitment purposes, we may also obtain personal data about you from past employers or professional contacts.
Retention of your personal data
Generally speaking, your personal data will be retained as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the above purposes. In most cases, this will result in us keeping your personal data for as long as we are in a business relationship or may need to contact you for the purposes described above.
If you have applied for a job or have been contacted for recruitment purposes, but did not receive an employment offer, your personal data will usually be kept for a period of 5 years, so as for us to be able to re-contact you should we have any new professional opportunity available.
Sharing your personal data
To achieve better quality or efficiency in the processing of data, we may enter into contracts with third parties to carry out this processing on our behalf and only according to our instructions. Typically, this may include data hosting providers and other digital marketing providers. When data is transferred to such service providers, these are bound by specific agreements and are required to keep your data securely.
In addition, as part of our day-to-day activities, we may share your personal data with business partners such as events organizers, etc.
Cross-border transfers of personal data
The technical processing and transmission of your personal data (whether within Eurelectric or through third parties) may involve transmissions over various networks, including the transfer of your personal data to other countries. However, your personal data shall not be transferred to recipients outside the European Economic Area (EEA) which do not offer a level of protection for personal data comparable to that offer by European Union law.
Rights
You have the right to request access to your personal data, and its correction in the event of inaccuracies. You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data when such data is no longer relevant. Although you may request that your personal data be deleted at any time, we may have to retain certain personal data for contract performance purposes or in order to comply with statutory retention obligations.
In addition, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in relation to justified personal circumstances and to request the restriction of the processing in specific circumstances.
Finally, note that you have the right to receive the personal data you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (data portability).
Contact information
If you have any questions or concerns about this statement, any concerns about your personal data being processed as outlined above, or would like to exercise the rights outlined above, please contact us through sending an email at .
Data Protection Authority
Finally, please note you have the right to lodge a complaint with respect to the processing of your personal data with the Belgian Data Protection authority, the contact details of which are:
Data Protection Authority – Autorité de protection des données - GegevensberschermingsautoriteitRue de la Presse 35 – Drukpersstraat 351000 Bruxelles - Brussel
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies used
OptanonConsent
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
ASPSESSIONIDCQBBCQTQ
ASPSESSIONIDCSABCRSR
ASP.NET_SessionId
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.