http://www.oorah.org/privacy.php
Toggle navigation
Our Work
About us
Oorah Auction
Contact Us
Volunteer
Donate
Donate
Oorah Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 1/15/2016
Oorah has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices both for this site, and for donors who donate by phone or by any other fashion.
Donor Information
Information that Oorah collects from donors is used only to facilitate collection of the donation and for the purpose of furnishing the donors with acknowledgement of their donations. Such information may only be accessed by our staff, and we maintain appropriate security measures to keep this information private. Oorah does not rent, sell, or exchange any information we receive from donors, nor do we send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. Donors may request to see their information, or request that their information be deleted or modified by calling 732-730-1000 or by email at Oorah@oorah.org.
Website
We use a third-party advertiser cookie that may use information about a user's visit to our website to provide them with advertisements. However the cookie does not collect any personally identifiable information from our visitors.
Credit Card Information
Oorah does not store actual credit card information which has been submitted on our website. The information is stored by a credit card processor. Credit Card information which is submitted manually (i.e. not on our website) will be stored on our system. All such information may only be accessed by our staff, and we maintain appropriate security measures to keep this information private.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy shall remain in effect in perpetuity, unless and until such time as Oorah shall see fit to change the Policy. Any such changes to our Policy shall be evidenced in advance of such change by an updated Policy on this webpage.
Oorah will always strive to be responsible in our management, truthful in our advertising, and cost-effective in our fund raising. Oorah continues to work to ensure every dollar is used to its fullest for this purpose. Anything less would violate the trust Oorah keeps with you, and with the youth we serve.