https://www.gu.org/privacy-statement/
Generations United
Menu
Press Room
Contact Us
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Medium
Follow us on YouTube
Resource Library
Search
Generations United
COVID-19
Who We Are
Our Mission
Our Results
Our Team
Our Partners
What We Do
Projects
Programs
Public Policy
Technical Assistance
Explore Our Topics
Grandfamilies
Community Building
Intergenerational Programs & Spaces
Multigenerational Households
Get Involved
Donate Now
Privacy Statement
Generations United is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Generations United Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Generations United website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Generations United collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Generations United also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Generations United. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Generations United for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Generations United Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Generations United public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Generations United does not read any of your private online communications.
Generations United encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Generations United so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Generations United is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Generations United and Generations United family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Generations United collects and uses your personal information to operate the Generations United Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Generations United also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Generations United and its affiliates. Generations United may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Generations United does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Generations United may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Generations United may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Generations United, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Generations United does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Generations United keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Generations United, in order to determine what Generations United services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Generations United to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Generations United Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Generations United or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Generations United; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Generations United, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Generations United Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Generations United pages, or register with Generations United site or services, a cookie helps Generations United to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Generations United Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Generations United features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Generations United services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Generations United secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Generations United secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Generations United will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Generations United encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Generations United is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Generations United welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Generations United has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Generations United at gu@gu.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.