http://www.nationlaw.com/terms-of-use/
Call us now 1(800)NATION-LAW
1(800)628-4665
Se Habla Espanol
About
Our Attorneys
Videos
Practice Areas
Insurance Claims
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Personal Injury
Slip and Fall
Wrongful Death
See All
Our Results
Verdicts and Settlements
Testimonials
Blog
Florida Insurance Blog
Personal Injury Blog
Contact Us
Home
About
Our Firm
Our Attorneys
Videos
Practice Areas
Insurance Claims
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Personal Injury
Slip and Fall
Wrongful Death
See All
Our Results
Verdicts and Settlements
Testimonials
Blog
Florida Insurance Blog
Personal Injury Blog
Contact Us
Content Is Information Only, Not Advice
Thank you for visiting the web site of The Nation Law Firm (“NL”). The information contained on the NL Web site is provided for educational and informational purposes only. The contents of this site are not and should not be construed as legal advice. The web site is not an offer to perform services on any matter. This website contains general information from a variety of sources and might not reflect current legal developments, verdicts or settlements. We do not undertake to update material in our web site to reflect subsequent legal or other developments.
No Relationship or Obligation Arises from Use of the Site
The law differs in every jurisdiction, and you should not rely on any opinion except that of an attorney you have retained, who has a professional duty to advise you after being fully informed of all the pertinent facts, and who is licensed in the applicable state, and is familiar with the applicable law. Internet subscribers and online readers should seek professional counsel about their legal rights and remedies. You should not act or refrain from acting on the basis of any information found this site. Any actions or decisions about your legal rights should be based on the particular facts and circumstances of your situation, and appropriate legal advice from.
NL expressly disclaims all liability with respect to actions taken or not taken based upon any information or other contents of this site. Viewing the NL site, or cunicating with NL by Internet e-mail or through this site, does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship with anyone. The content and features on this site do not create, and are not intended to create, an attorney-client relationship, and shall not be construed as legal advice. This content and features of this web site, including means to submit a question or information, do not constitute an offer to represent you.
Confidentiality is Not Guaranteed
Any information sent to The Nation Law Firm via Internet e-mail or through the website is not secure and is done on a non-confidential basis. NL respects the privacy of any person who contacts our firm, and we will make reasonable efforts to keep information private, but because of the nature of Internet communications and the absence of an attorney/client relationship, we cannot promise or guarantee confidentiality.
Additional Terms of Use
Any use of this Site is subject to the complete Terms of Use. By using this Site, you agree to these Terms as well as the Disclaimer provisions on this page.
DISCLAIMER – THIS SITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL DIAGNOSIS OR ADVICE.
The content provided on this site, such as documents, text, graphics, images, videos, or other materials, are for informational purposes only. The information is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always consult a physician for diagnosis and treatment of any medical condition or for any questions you may have regarding a health concern. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read or seen on this site. Links to other sites are provided for information only. Use of trade names is for identification only and does not constitute endorsement by The Nation Law Firm.
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting the website of The Nation Law Firm (“NL”). This website was created by NL so that you could learn more about the legal services that we offer and other information related to the law. These contents are for informational purposes only. None of the information at this web site is intended to constitute, nor does it constitute, legal advice, and none of the information necessarily reflects the opinions of NL its attorneys or clients. Please read our Disclaimer, which is incorporated into these Terms, for additional limitations on the use and effect of this web site.
This “Terms of Use” outlines the conditions on which this web site is made available to you. Read the Terms of Use carefully. If you use this Web site, you are deemed to have read, understood, and agreed to these Terms of Use. If you do not accept the Terms of Use, you should stop reading or otherwise using the web site or any materials obtained from it.
NL IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR CONTENT
NL may periodically change, remove, or add the material in this web site without notice. This material may contain technical or typographical errors. NL does not guarantee its accuracy, completeness or suitability. NL assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the contents of this web site. Your use of this web site is at your own risk. Under no circumstances shall NL or any other party involved in the creation, production or delivery of this web site be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any kind arising from your access to, or use of, this web site. IN NO EVENT SHALL The Nation Law Firm BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RELATING TO THIS MATERIAL, FOR ANY USE OF THIS WEBSITE, OR FOR ANY OTHER LINKED WEBSITE.
THIRD-PARTY WEB SITES
This web site contains links to third party web sites for the convenience of our users. NL does not endorse any of these third party sites and does not imply any association between NL and those sites. NL does not control these third party web sites and cannot represent that their policies and practices will be consistent with these Terms of Use. If you use links to access and use such web sites, you do so at your own risk. NL is not responsible for the contents or availability of any linked sites. These links are provided only as a convenience to the recipient.
STATE LAWS VARY
NL lawyers are licensed to practice law only within the states of Tennessee, Florida, and Pennsylvania but we affiliate or form relationships with lawyers throughout the United States. NL may refer prospective clients to other law firms located throughout the country, who form relationships with NL, and are experienced in handling such cases. NL may also undertake legal representation in certain cases, and will affiliate with other legal counsel located throughout the country to provide legal representation.
The laws of each State are different. This web site contains information about general or common rules that apply in some states. This web site also contains information about verdicts or settlements in past cases. You cannot assume that the same rules apply, or that the same result would occur, in your state or any particular state.
The Statute of Limitations is especially important. Every state has laws called the “statute of limitations” which set a deadline to file a lawsuit. That means that a lawsuit filed too late may be thrown out, regardless of the defendant’s fault or the severity of the injuries, Some states have a two-year period for negligence injury claims; the time period in other states may be longer or shorter. Insurance policies, particularly homeowners insurance, may require that suit be filed within one year of a loss. Some states allow claims against government agencies, but require a written notice very soon after the accident, perhaps within three months. Because investigation and research is needed to identify all possible defendants and theories of recovery, if you have an accident or injury, you should consult a lawyer as soon as possible.
LEGAL AND ETHICAL REQUIREMENTS
NL has tried to comply with all legal and ethical requirements in compiling this web site. We welcome comments about our compliance with the applicable rules and will update the site as warranted, upon learning of any new or different requirements. We only want to represent clients based on their review of this web site, if it complies with all legal or ethical requirements.
To the extent that the professional responsibility rules of any jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office or an attorney responsible for this web site, The Nation Law Firm designates its office in Orlando, Florida (USA), 20 North Orange Avenue, Suite 1600, and attorney Scott Bates.
STATE ADVERTISING DISCLOSURES
Because some material on this web site constitutes lawyer advertising, and this web site may be viewed from anywhere in the United States, particular disclosures are required by the rules of some states. NL adopts and makes the following disclosures:
Alabama: No representation is made that the quality of the legal services to be performed is greater than the quality of legal services performed by other lawyers.
Colorado: Colorado does not certify attorneys as specialists in any field.
Florida: The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience.
Iowa: The determination of the need for legal services and the choice of a lawyer are extremely important decisions and should not be based solely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise. This disclosure is required by rule of the Supreme Court of Iowa.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC: Memberships and offices in legal fraternities and legal societies, technical and professional licenses, and memberships in scientific, technical and professional associations and societies of law or field of practice do not mean that a lawyer is a specialist or expert in a field of law, nor do they mean that such a lawyer is necessarily any more expert or competent than any other lawyer. All potential clients are urged to make their own independent investigation and evaluation of any lawyer being considered. This notice is required by rule of the Supreme Court of Iowa.
Kentucky and Oregon: THIS IS AN ADVERTISEMENT.
Mississippi: The Mississippi Supreme Court advises that a decision on legal services is important and should not be based solely on advertisements.
Missouri: Neither the Supreme Court of Missouri nor the Missouri Bar reviews or approves certifying organizations or specialist designations.
Nevada: The State Bar of Nevada does not certify any lawyer as a specialist or expert.
New Jersey: ATTORNEY ADVERTISEMENT — NOT A REFERRAL SERVICE. Before making your choice of an attorney, you should give this matter careful thought. The selection of an attorney is an important decision.
New Mexico: LAWYER ADVERTISEMENT.
New York: ATTORNEY ADVERTISING. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.
Pennsylvania: ATTORNEY ADVERTISEMENT – NOT A REFERRAL SERVICE. Before making your choice of an attorney, you should give this matter careful thought. The selection of an attorney is an important decision.
Tennessee: None of the attorneys in this firm are certified as a Civil Trial, Criminal Trial, Business Bankruptcy, Consumer Bankruptcy, Creditor’s Rights, Medical Malpractice, Legal Malpractice, Accounting Malpractice, Estate Planning or Elder Law specialist by the Tennessee Commission on Continuing Legal Education and Specialization. Certification as a specialist in all other listed areas is not currently available in Tennessee.
Texas: Unless otherwise stated, our attorneys claiming certification in an area of law are not certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization.
Wyoming: The Wyoming State Bar does not certify any lawyer as a specialist or expert. Anyone considering a lawyer should independently investigate the lawyer’s credentials and ability, and not rely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise.
GOVERNING LAWS IN CASE OF DISPUTE; JURISDICTION
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, USA, without regard to any choice of law principles. Disputes arising hereunder shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts of Florida.
Arbitration
Any and all claims by you arising out of or related to this website or your use thereof may be resolved only through a binding arbitration proceeding to be conducted under the auspices of the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association in Orlando, Orange County, Florida.
Both your agreement to arbitrate all controversies, disputes and claims, and the results and awards rendered through the arbitration, will be final and binding on you and may be specifically enforced by legal proceedings. Arbitration will be the sole means of resolving such controversies, disputes and claims, and you waive your rights to resolve such controversies, disputes and claims by court proceedings or any other means. You agree that judgment may be entered on the award in any court of competent jurisdiction and, therefore, any award rendered shall be binding.
The arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
You understand that by agreeing to arbitration as a mechanism to resolve all controversies, disputes and claims between us, you are waiving certain rights, including the right to bring an action in court, the right to a jury trial, the right to broad discovery, and the right to an appeal. You understand that in the context of arbitration, a case is decided by an arbitrator (one or more), not by a judge or a jury.
COPYRIGHT
Copyright ©2017 The Nation Law Firm. All rights reserved. All materials presented on this site are copyrighted and owned by The Nation Law Firm, unless in the public domain or attributed to another source. Any republication, retransmission, reproduction, downloading, storing or distribution of all or part of any materials found on this site is expressly prohibited.
Privacy Policy
As you navigate within the Site, NL may be collecting and tracking personal information, either by asking you to tell NL something about yourself (such as your name, address or email address) or by using data-tracking software that tells us what parts of the Site you have browsed. NL may collect other information about you, such as your IP address, geographic information, the type of the web browser and operating system you use, and any other information that your web browsing software or Internet Service Provider automatically provides to our Site. We may be collecting and tracking information about the activities in our Site you engage in to help us know what users are interested in. We may also use “cookies” to keep track of visitors. A cookie is a small file stored on the hard drive of your personal computer. If your web browser allows, you may disable the placement of cookies on your hard drive. Disabling the placement of cookies may prevent you from accessing or using portions of the Site. Except as provided below, the Site does not currently share or sell any other information. Except as provided herein, no personally identifiable information is collected beyond that which is identified in this section of the Site Terms. You agree that we may aggregate any information which we collect or maintain, and that we may use such aggregated information for internal analysis or for marketing purposes. We may disclose aggregate, de-identified data (i.e. stripped of information that identifies you) to third parties in connection with such analysis and/or marketing. By using the Site, you expressly assent to the collection and use of the limited information identified.
We may disclose your information to: (1) comply with applicable laws; (2) respond to governmental inquiries; (3) comply with valid legal process; (4) protect our rights or property; or (5) facilitate your request for a free case evaluation. By registering and using this Site, you acknowledge that the processing of your information for the purposes described above may involve the transfer of such information from within the United State of America (USA) to countries outside the USA whose data protection regulation may not be as stringent as that within the USA
We're your trusted partner
You can count on the Nation Law Firm
Home
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2020 The Nation Law Firm. All Rights Reserved.
570 Crown Oak Centre Drive, Longwood, Florida, 32750
Attorney Advertising. Please note that you are not considered a client until you have signed a retainer agreement
and your case has been accepted by us. Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter.
The information contained on this Web site is not medical advice and is not intended to be medical advice.
Nor is it a substitute for seeking appropriate medical, or other professional advice.