http://www.lenzstaehelin.com/en/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Lenz & Staehelin values your privacy. This Privacy Policy demonstrates our commitment to ensure your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal data ("Personal Data") when you use our website or communicate with us.
When accessing our website and/or communicating with us via the contact form on our website, email or other channels you consent to this Privacy Policy. In case you should not agree to any part of this Privacy Policy, you must inform us and discontinue using our website. We shall then not be in a position to provide any further legal or related services to you.
2. Personal Data we process
We process the Personal Data you provide to us when communicating with us (such as the name, email and postal address, phone number, language preference, job title, business affiliations, and content of the communication). The Personal Data may relate to you as well as to your employees and agents. In some instances, the Personal Data will be supplemented by information retrieved from public sources, such as online media or employer websites, for the purpose of confirming your current professional position or obtaining further information to enable us to effectively communicate with you.
3. Purposes for processing your Personal Data
We use Personal Data for the purposes of managing our relationship with you, as well as communicating with you, including to send you newsletters and invitations to events, training programmes or lectures, to maintain our list of contacts and/or to provide you with other information you may request from us. Personal Data will only be used by us and our technology suppliers (who are obliged to protect your Personal Data to the same extent as we are). We do not sell or otherwise transfer your Personal Data to third parties except with your prior consent or as we are required under applicable law or regulation. We do not monitor your behaviour, track your physical location or subject you to profiling or automated decision-making. Personal Data relating to communications will be saved for as long as you are a business contact to us, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory retention obligations.
4. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are downloaded to your device by visiting the Lenz & Staehelin website. Cookies are in particular used to improve the website by providing statistical information about the interaction of users with the website, the number of visitors to the site and similar information. You may change your browser settings to delete and block cookies. By continuing to use the Lenz & Staehelin website without changing your settings you consent to our use of cookies.
5. Our basis for processing your Personal Data
When processing Personal Data for the purposes described herein, we rely on your consent to this Privacy Policy, our legitimate interests in communicating with you, as a business contact, about our operations and our events and/or our performance of any contract or another ground for lawful processing of your Personal Data under the applicable laws and regulations.
6. Protecting your Personal Data
We restrict the use and access to your Personal Data to those who have an absolute need-to-know to provide you with access to our website and/or communicate with you. We maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to preserve the confidentiality and integrity of your Personal Data. We regularly review our security policies and procedures to ensure our systems are secure and protected, and we ensure compliance with all applicable data protection and security laws.
7. Your Choices and Rights
We welcome your inquiries and comments. You have the right to be informed by us on any processing of your Personal Data to verify the lawfulness of processing. If you are affected by incorrect or incomplete Personal Data, you may request rectification or completion of any relevant data. To the extent allowed by applicable law, you may request the deletion of your Personal Data or a temporary restriction of processing in certain instances and you may also object to the processing of your Personal Data, in which case we may however not be in a position to provide any related services.
8. Contacts
If you have any questions or are dissatisfied with any aspect of our processing of your Personal Data, please feel free to contact us at dataprotection@lenzstaehelin.com or at our addresses set out on our website.