http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/summer.04
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 Summer (July/August) 2004
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013,
212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York City; Allen Drexel, Esq., New York
City; Joseph Griffin, Student, NY Law School '05; Alan J. Jacobs, Esq., New York City; Steven
Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York City; Sharon McGowan, Esq.,
New York, N.Y.; Daniel R Schaffer, New York City; Audrey E.Weinberger, Student, NY Law
School '05; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-
9118; e-mail: le_gal@earthlink.net.
Inquire for subscription rates.
(C) 2004 by the Lesbian & Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
6th CIRCUIT PANEL FINDS TRANSSEXUALS PROTECTED BY TITLE VII AND EQUAL
PROTECTION CLAUSE
A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit, based in Cincinnati, issued a
unanimous decision on June 1 in _Smith v. City of Salem, Ohio_, 369 F.3d 912,
holding that
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment
both forbid discrimination against transsexuals.
The decision directly contradicted an
unpublished decision issued a few weeks earlier by a different 6th Circuit panel, _Johnson v.
Fresh Mark, Inc._, 2004 WL 1166553 (May 18).
In both cases, the lawsuits had been dismissed
by the same trial judge, Peter C. Economus of the Northern District of Ohio, who has now
suffered the somewhat odd fate of being affirmed and reversed for essentially the same ruling in
the space of just a few weeks.
The following day, June 2, a federal district judge in Arizona
issued a similar ruling upholding a Title VII cause of action for a transsexual plaintiff
in _Kastl
v. Maricopa County Community College_, CIV-02-1531 PHX SRB, a decision designated as
"not for publication" by Judge Susan R. Bolton.
_Johnson v. Fresh Mark, Inc._ was designated by the 6th Circuit panel as "not recommended for
full-text publication," while _Smith v. Salem_ will be officially published in the Federal
Reporter.
Since drafts of federal court of appeals opinions are circulated among all the active
judges of the particular appeals court before they are released, this raises interesting questions
about an important and far-reaching decision that puts the 6th Circuit, generally seen as one of the
more conservative federal appeals courts, out in front of the other circuits on transgender rights.
In the past, the 6th Circuit has been known to immediately vacate a controversial ruling and
schedule a rehearing before an expanded panel consisting of all active judges in the circuit.
This
was done, for example, in a case that Lambda Legal won many years ago, _Dorr v. First
Kentucky National Corp._ (1986), when a three-judge 6th Circuit panel ruled that a gay man
could pursue a religious discrimination claim under Title VII when his employer fired him
because he became president of the local chapter of Dignity, the gay Catholic group.
The effect
of scheduling such a rehearing, or review _en banc_, is effectively to "de-publish" the original
decision, reducing it to a nullity in terms of legal precedent.
Although the 6th Circuit did not
make any immediate move in that direction in Smith's case, it seems likely that the City of Salem
will try to get some sort of reconsideration, especially given the egregious facts in the case.
Selena Johnson, the plaintiff in the earlier case, was born a man but presented herself and was
hired as a woman, and had not had gender reassignment surgery.
According to the brief per
curiam opinion, "After receiving complaints that Johnson had used both the men's and women's
restrooms, Johnson's employer informed her that she could not return to work until it received a
note from her doctor stating whether she was male or female and whether there was any reason
she should be using the restroom of the opposite gender."
The employer ultimately decided that
Johnson's driver's license, which designated her as male, should settle the matter, and ordered
her to use only the men's room.
On this basis, Johnson refused to return to work and was
discharged for absenteeism.
Johnson sued under Title VII and the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA).
Judge Economus
granted the employer's motion to dismiss, finding that Title VII does not forbid discrimination
against transsexuals and that the ADA specifically states that "transsexualism" is not a condition
covered by the statute as a disability.
Johnson argued on appeal that the precedents the trial court
relied upon had been superseded by _Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins_, 490 U.S. 228 (1989), where
the Supreme Court held that sex-stereotyping is a form of sex discrimination prohibited by Title
VII.
Economus rejected that argument.
Without any substantive discussion, the 6th Circuit said
in its unpublished opinion that after hearing oral argument and studying the briefs filed by the
parties, "we are not persuaded that the district court erred in dismissing the complaint."
Jimmie Smith's case was a bit different.
Smith, also born male, had a successful employment
history with the Salem Fire Department, rising to the rank of lieutenant.
Smith was diagnosed as
suffering from gender dysphoria and began to feminize his dress and appearance.
When this
raised questions with co-workers and comments that Smith was not "masculine enough," Smith
notified the immediate supervisor about the diagnosis and the likelihood that eventually Smith
would probably get a sex-change operation.
Although Smith asked that this be kept confidential,
the supervisor immediately communicated the information to upper management and the top
officials in the city government quickly became involved.
According to the opinion for the 6th Circuit by Judge R. Guy Cole, Jr., the Fire Chief and the
city's top lawyer convened a meeting with the mayor, the city auditor, the city service director,
and the city safety director, for the specific purpose of figuring out how to get rid of Smith.
The
meeting settled on a strategy to provoke Smith into resigning by requiring a battery of
psychological exams, hoping that Smith would balk at participating and could then be discharged
for insubordination.
The safety director did not dissent at the meeting, but called Smith after the
meeting to inform him about this plan, calling it a "witch hunt."
Smith promptly retained an attorney, who telephoned the mayor to warn about legal ramifications
if they tried to go through with the plan, and Smith filed a discrimination complaint with the
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Four days later, the first chief suspended Smith
based on "an alleged infraction of a City or Fire Department policy," a charge that was later
found to be without merit.
Smith's lawsuit claimed sex discrimination in violation of Title VII and the constitution,
unlawful retaliation, and violations of state law, including invasion of privacy.
Economus
granted the city's motion to dismiss the case, based on the same reasoning as in _Johnson_.
The three-judge panel in _ Smith_
was different from the one that had upheld the dismissal in
_Johnson_ in an important respect.
Instead of consisting of three members of the 6th Circuit, it
included two 6th Circuit judges and a semi-retired federal trial judge from California, William
Schwarzer.
Federal judges have lifetime tenure and are not required to retire, but they can elect
upon reaching a certain age to take senior status and a reduced workload at the same rate of pay.
When senior judges signify their willingness to travel, they may be assigned to sit "by
designation" as guest judges in other federal trial and appellate courts.
They are considered to be
honorary members of the court on which they are sitting, and the decisions in which they
participate are considered to be decisions of that court.
Schwarzer's participation may have made a big difference in the outcome of the case, because
the 9th Circuit, which hears appeals from the federal courts in California, has taken a leading role
in recent years in expanding the concept of "sex" under federal anti-discrimination laws.
In
_Schwenk v. Hartford_, 204 F.3d 1187 (9th Cir. 2000), the 9th Circuit ruled that a transgendered
person could sue under the federal Violence Against Women Act and, in that opinion, observed
that the body of court decisions rejecting transsexual discrimination claims prior to the Supreme
Court's decision in _Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins_ was no longer good law.
In two later cases,
_Nichols v. Azteca Restaurant Enterprises, Inc._, 256 F.3d 864 (9th Cir. 2001) and _Rene v.
MGM Grand Hotel, Inc._, 305 F.3d 1061 (9th Cir. En banc 2002), cert. denied, 538 U.S. 922
(2003), the 9th Circuit held that employees subjected to homophobic harassment of a sexual
nature could sue under Title VII if they could credibly claim that they were harassed due to
gender non-conformity, concluding that this was discriminatory sex-stereotyping and thus sex
discrimination.
Writing for the _Smith_ panel, Judge Cole found that these precedents had thoroughly
undermined the old precedents that Economus relied upon in dismissing the case.
Judge
Economus erred in focusing on Smith's characterization as a "transsexual" rather than on the
reason why Smith was suffering adverse treatment in the workplace.
Title VII is concerned with
the later, not the former.
It does not create "protected classes" of individuals, but rather prohibits
discrimination on "prohibited grounds," such as the sex of an individual.
(This was the lesson of
the Supreme Court's unanimous decision in its same-sex harassment case, _Oncale v.
Sundowner Offshore_, 523 U.S. 75
(1998), when the Court held that as long as a victim was
harassed "because of sex," it did not matter whether the victim and the harasser were of the same
gender or opposite genders.)
"Sex stereotyping based on a person's gender non-conforming behavior is impermissible
discrimination, irrespective of the cause of that behavior," wrote Cole. "A label, such as
'transsexual,' is not fatal to a sex discrimination claim where the victim has suffered
discrimination because of his or her gender non-conformity. . .
Even if Smith had alleged
discrimination based only on his self-identification as a transsexual - as opposed to his specific
appearance and behavior - this claim too is actionable pursuant to Title VII.
By definition,
transsexuals are individuals who fail to conform to stereotypes about how those assigned to a
particular sex at birth should act, dress, and self-identify.
Ergo, identification as a transsexual is
the statement or admission that one wishes to be the opposite sex or does not relate to one's birth
sex.
Such an admission - for instance the admission by a man that he self-identifies as a woman
and/or that he wishes to be a woman - itself violates the prevalent sex stereotype that a man
should perceive himself as a man."
Thus, if an individual suffers discrimination because he or
she is transgendered, such discrimination violates Title VII's ban on sex discrimination.
From there, Cole found it no stretch at all to revive Smith's constitutional claim as well, noting
that claims of intentional sex discrimination by public employees also come within the
prohibition of equal protection of the laws in the 14th Amendment.
Cole also found that Smith
had sufficiently alleged a claim of unlawful retaliation, based on the suspension meted out just
days after Smith's lawyer had telephoned the mayor.
Since the federal claims in Smith's case
were revived, upon return to the trial court the state law claims could also be revived.
While the 6th Circuit was not ruling on the ultimate merits of Smith's discrimination claims, the
city has not seriously controverted Smith's allegation that city officials met with the specific
purpose of seeking his removal from employment solely because he is transsexual, so this
decision is likely to lead to a prompt settlement offer from the city if it is not overturned by the
full 6th Circuit or reversed by the Supreme Court.
Although quite a few federal appeals courts have now accepted the argument that gender non-
conforming people may find protection under Title VII, this is the first direct appellate ruling that
a transsexual's sex discrimination claim may be pursued under that statute, with the added
complication that because Smith is a public employee and Smith's claim involves intentional
discrimination, a constitutional claim may also be made.
As such, it is a decision of immense
importance for the transgendered community.
If upheld against further appeals, this ruling could render superfluous the continuing efforts by
transgender rights activists to get "gender identity" added to the pending federal gay rights bill,
since transgendered people would already have more protection under Title VII, which forbids a
wider range of discriminatory action than the narrowly-drafted ENDA (Employment Non-
Discrimination Act) would provide.
Given its significance, this case could end up before the
U.S. Supreme Court.
In the _Kastl_ decision from Arizona, issued the following day, District Judge Bolton confronted
facts very similar to the _Johnson_ case, except for one interesting particular. Whereas Johnson's
employer decided that a driver's license designating her as male was determinative of her sex,
Kastl's employer, a community college, deemed her driver's license, which she had gotten
legally changed to designate her as female, as "inconclusive" and "irrelevant" to the question of
which restroom she could use.
Rebecca Kastl was both a student and an adjunct faculty member
at the college.
The problem arose when other students complained about her use of the women's
restroom facilities.
The school then adopted a policy that until a transgendered person presents
evidence of completed sex-reassignment surgery, they must use the restroom intended for their
original biological sex.
In other words, Kastl would have to use the men's room, even thought
her dress, grooming, and presentation were entirely female.
Protesting the danger to which this
would subject her, she refused to comply, and was discharged.
Given the nature of the case, Kastl asserted an array of statutory claims under Title VII of the
Civil Rights Act, Title IX of the Higher Education Act, the ADA, and the federal constitution.
Ruling on the college's motion to dismiss, Judge Bolton agreed that the ADA claim had to go,
but refused to dismiss any of the other claims, finding that each stated a viable legal cause of
action and that contested factual issues remained for trial on all of them.
Most significantly,
Bolton, who was likely unaware of the 6th Circuit's _Smith_ decision that was just released the
day before her opinion, followed similar reasoning in finding first that it was well-established
that gender non-conformity cases can be litigated under Title VII, next that transsexualism
presents a clear instance of discrimination due to gender non-conformity, and then that what
constitutes intentional sex discrimination under Title VII also counts as sex discrimination under
the Equal Protection Clause.
In addition, Bolton found that the definition of sex discrimination under Title IX would be
congruent with Title VII, and that Kastl had also stated plausible claims of due process and free
speech violations.
In light of the first impression issues raised in the case, it is unclear why
Bolton designated her opinion as "not for publication," which is a shame in light of the paucity of
officially published authority on transgender workplace issues. Perhaps she will reconsider if the
decision attracts sufficient attention and comment.
Pass the word. . .
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Supreme Court Affirms Preliminary Injunction Against Child On-Line Protection Act
Continuing an almost unbroken string of victories for free speech advocates challenging
Congressional attempts to shield children from exposure to on-line pornography, the Supreme
Court ruled 5-4 in _Ashcroft v. ACLU_, 542 U.S. ____, No. 03-218, 2004 WL 1439998 (June
29), that a federal district court in Philadelphia had properly issued a preliminary injunction to
stop the Child Online Protection Act (COPA) from going into effect.
The Court ruled that the
government had not met its burden of showing that delaying the implementation of the Act until
a court can determine on the merits whether it violates the First Amendment would cause
irreparable injury to the public.
The district court will now have an opportunity to address the
constitutional issue on the merits while the injunction continues.
COPA provides criminal penalties for any commercial on-line content provider of sexually-
oriented material that may be judged "harmful to minors" if the provider does not condition
access on use of a credit card or some other adult verification device.
Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote the decision for the Court, which was joined by Justices John
Paul Stevens, David Souter, Clarence Thomas, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
In a separate
concurring opinion that was joined by Justice Ginsburg, Justice Stevens wrote that he would
have declared the Act unconstitutional outright, rather than sending the case back to the district
court for a hearing.
Justice Stephen Breyer, in a dissent joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice
Sandra Day O'Connor, argued that the compelling interest of protecting children and the
technological choices made by Congress in the Act were sufficient to uphold the Act against the
constitutional challenge to a content-based regulation of speech.
Breyer found that the statute
was subject to "strict scrutiny," the most rigorous form of judicial review, but would survive such
review and thus should not have been enjoined.
By contrast, Justice Scalia, writing only for
himself, reiterated his longstanding view that the constitution provides little protection to
pornographic content, and thus would uphold the statute as a reasonable attempt by Congress to
protect children from exposure to it.
The whole controversy really comes down to "screens" versus "filters."
In COPA, Congress
provided that anybody in the United States who puts sexually-oriented material that might be
harmful to minors on-line for commercial purposes must place the material behind some sort of
age verification screening process, either by requiring people to use a credit card to access it or
by requiring people to subscribe to some age verification system in order to get access.
The
American Civil Liberties Union, which filed the suit as lead plaintiff, argued that this was too
restrictive for First Amendment purposes, and that a less restrictive alternative is available in the
form of filters that can be activated to block access to sexually-oriented sites on computers
accessible to kids.
The ACLU argues that adults should not be encumbered in being able to
access sexually-oriented materials on the Internet.
In his opinion for the Court, Justice Kennedy emphasized that the question before the Court was
actually rather narrow; not whether the statute is unconstitutional, but rather whether the ACLU
had shown that there was a serious enough constitutional question under the First Amendment so
that the law, which imposes criminal penalties, should not be allowed to go into effect until a
court has had an opportunity to decide the constitutional issues after a full trial on the merits of
the case.
In such a situation, the question for an appeals court is whether the trial court abused its
discretion in granting the preliminary injunction.
For the majority of the Court, this was not a difficult question.
Kennedy pointed out that under
the Supreme Court's own precedents, as long as the plaintiff shows that the constitutional
question is at least a close one, open to real argument, and that the consequence of letting the
statute go into effect would be to threaten criminal penalties for speech that is arguably protected
by the constitution, then issuing a preliminary injunction is not an abuse of discretion in
anticipation of a full trial on the merits.
The ACLU had pointed out various ways in which the use of filters could be more effective in
achieving Congress's child-protection goals than the screening method.
In particular, plenty of
sexually-related content on the Internet originates from outside the United States, from content
providers who would not be subject to the statute, since Congress generally lacks authority to
impose criminal penalties for conduct that does not take place under U.S. jurisdiction.
But a
filter on an individual computer that is programmed to detect and block sexually-related material
could block the unscreened foreign pornography.
Thus, argues the ACLU, the filter technology
may be more effective in stopping children from seeing Internet pornography, while leaving
adults free to access it.
Agreeing with the ACLU argument, Kennedy also noted the potential harm to free speech
of
letting the statute go into effect and then throwing the burden on particular internet content
providers to raise these issues in defending a criminal prosecution.
Since filtering technology is
available now, parents who are concerned about their child's exposure to sexual materials on-line
can take steps to block their access, and the Supreme Court has already upheld a federal statute
that provides strong financial incentives to public and school libraries to install such filters at all
their internet access points.
But, Kennedy noted, it is possible that technological innovations, which happen so fast on the
Internet, have already made the district court's initial determination obsolete, so the case needs to
be viewed anew by the district judge to determine on the merits whether the balance struck by
Congress between free speech and protection of children was appropriate in this case.
Justices Stevens and Ginsburg concurred, but clearly only to be sure that the injunction stays in
place, since their views, expressed in Stevens' dissent, go further in questioning the statute's
constitutionality. "Criminal prosecutions are, in my view, an inappropriate means to regulate the
universe of materials classified as 'obscene,'" wrote Stevens, "since 'the line between
communications which "offend" and those which do not is too blurred to identify criminal
conduct,'" quoting his own dissenting opinion in _Smith v. United States_, 431 U.S. 291, 316
(1977).
Stevens has been consistently skeptical about the use of criminal law to police sexually-
oriented speech.
"To be sure," wrote Stevens, "our cases have recognized a compelling interest in protecting
minors from exposure to sexually explicit materials.
As a parent, grandparent, and great-
grandparent, I endorse that goal without reservation.
As a judge, however, I must confess to a
growing sense of unease when the interest in protecting children from prurient materials is
invoked as a justification for using criminal regulation of speech as a substitute for, or simple
backup to, adult oversight of children's viewing habits." A.S.L.
Mississippi Supreme Court Rebuffs Lambda Legal Ethics Complaint Against Homophobic Judge
In a 5-2 decision that drew a vigorous and impassioned dissent, the Mississippi Supreme Court
ruled on July 1 in _Mississippi Commission on Judicial Performance v. Wilkerson_, 2004 WL
1471110, that a state trial judge who made public statements categorically impugning the sanity
of gay people may not be sanctioned under the state's judicial ethics code, because his remarks
are protected as political and religious speech under the First Amendment.
The ruling rejected a
recommendation for discipline from the Mississippi Commission on Judicial Performance, which
found that a "letter to the editor" and a follow-up radio interview by George County Justice Court
Judge Connie Glen Wilkerson violated half a dozen provisions in the state's judicial ethics code
as well as a provision of the state constitution, Article 6, Section 177A, which charges judges
with refraining from conduct that will bring the judicial office into disrepute.
Wilkerson's unprovoked outbursts were a reaction to news reports about the California
legislature's decision to authorize same-sex partners to bring wrongful death lawsuits, just as
legal spouses may do, for the injury they suffer as a result of harm to their partners.
California
was reacting in response to a notorious case involving a surviving lesbian partner's lawsuit
against the keepers of pit-bulls that had mauled her partner to death.
Wilkerson wrote a letter to
a local newspaper, stating that he "got sick on my stomach today" when he read about this
legislation, asserting (in all-capital letters) "AMERICA IS IN TROUBLE!," and stating as part of
his diatribe, "In my opinion gays and lesbians should be put in some type of a mental institute
instead of having a law like this passed for them." Wilkerson's letter referenced the Bible and
God's will.
The newspaper published the letter, resulting in a radio station calling Judge Wilkerson and
interviewing him on the air.
(Wilkerson claimed in response to the ethics charge that he did not
know his remarks were being broadcast.)
During the radio interview, the reporter repeatedly
asked Wilkerson about how these statements would affect his work as a judge, but Wilkerson
insisted that he had not signed the letter as a judge, but just as a "red blooded American, you
know, Christian man.
The Christian people need to take a stand as well as anybody else, you
know."
Wilkerson did not shy away from repeating his earlier anti-gay remarks, however,
stating, "As far as I know, a person like that's sick, you know.
I wouldn't want to punish a
fellow for being sick.
I'd want to do something for him, help him in some way, you know.
That's where I'm coming from.
But I don't think he ought to have a right - extra - you know,
extraordinary rights."
Outraged gay folks in Mississippi brought these comments to the attention of Lambda Legal,
which filed ethics charges against Judge Wilkerson with the Commission on Judicial
Performance.
After an investigation, the Commission determined that Wilkerson's comments
deserved sanctions, but the Mississippi Supreme Court decided that they are protected by the
First Amendment.
Writing for the court, Justice Jess H. Dickinson found that Wilkerson was
commenting about matters of public concern.
Under the Supreme Court's First Amendment
jurisprudence on public employee speech, comments on matters of public concern have a high
degree of constitutional protection, and can only be curtailed if required in order to accomplish
the public purposes for which the individual is employed.
Dickinson did not find that such a
necessity existed in this case.
What was particularly interesting about Dickinson's opinion was the notion that Wilkerson's
comments were actually useful for lesbians and gay men who might find themselves in his court.
"Whatever state interest the Commission may find in preventing judges from announcing their
private views on gay rights would conflict with, and be outweighed by, the more compelling state
interest of providing an impartial court for all litigants," wrote Dickinson, "including gays and
lesbians.
Allowing - that is to say, forcing - judges to conceal their prejudice against gays and
lesbians would surely lead to trials with unsuspecting gays or lesbians appearing before a partial
judge.
Unaware of the prejudice and not knowing that they should seek recusal, this surely
would not work to provide a fair and impartial court to those litigants."
Dickinson observed that Judge Wilkerson "will doubtless face a recusal motion from every gay
and lesbian citizen who visits his court.
We can predict that the rationale for the motions will be
that Judge Wilkerson is prejudiced against gays and lesbians, and he has a preconceived belief
that their mental capacity as a class of people is inferior to society in general."
The court did not,
however, take a position on whether ultimately Wilkerson would have to recuse himself from all
litigation involving gay people.
Justice George C. Carlson, Jr., wrote a passionate dissent, joined by Justice James E. Graves, Jr.
Carlson, after insisting that this case was not about gay rights, seemed to feel that the majority
had missed the point.
The issue wasn't just whether Judge Wilkerson was personally biased, or
had created the appearance of being biased, but rather whether his conduct would lessen respect
for the judiciary.
Quoting an earlier decision by the court, he pointed out that "the primary
purpose of judicial sanctions is not punishment of the individual judge but 'to restore and
maintain the dignity and honor of the judicial office and to protected the public against future
excesses.'"
"Canon 2 [of the judicial ethics code] charges all judges to avoid impropriety and the appearance
of impropriety in all activities.
Most important is the charge for judges to respect and comply
with the law and conduct themselves in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity
and impartiality of the judiciary."
For judges to make biased remarks in public statements might
tip off litigants that they should move for recusal, but, in Carlson's view, judges should not be
making biased remarks in any event, since it undermines the judiciary's reputation for fairness.
Carlson also disagreed with the court's conclusion that Judge Wilkerson's comments qualified
for the highest level of First Amendment protection accorded to comments on matters of public
concern. "Although speech of today's judge was supposedly directed to state legislation
regarding same sex partnership, he also did not hide his views on his opinions of the homosexual
population as a whole.
I do not agree that this type of speech - the judge's personal views
regarding all homosexuals - relates to political and social community concerns.
However, even
if the judge's speech is found to relate to political and social community concerns, this type of
speech fails the second prong [of the First Amendment analysis that has been set forth by the
U.S. Supreme Court] by 'impeding the performance of the speaker's duties.'"
Because the court's decision was based in part on its interpretation of the First Amendment, it
might be possible to frame an appeal to the United States Supreme Court.
At press time, Lambda
Legal had not yet announced whether it would pursue such a course.
A.S.L.
Gay Lebanese Man Loses U.S. Asylum Appeal
A 1998 advisory opinion by the State Department that <169prohibitions on homosexual behavior
went unenforced" in Lebanon helped to sink an asylum petition by Mohamad Abdul-Karim, a
gay man who had appealed a negative determination by the Board of Immigration Appeals to the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit in San Francisco. _Abdul-Karim v. Ashcroft_, 2004 WL
1435149 (June 24, 2004) (not selected for publication).
The brief per curiam opinion did not
relate how Abdul-Karim came to be present in the United States.
Abdul-Karim had testified in an asylum hearing about former classmates in Lebanon who had
been arrested for sodomy, and produced home-made translations of undated, but apparently old,
newspaper clippings to support his contention that he had a reasonable fear of persecution if he
was required to return to Lebanon.
But the Immigration Judge concluded that this evidence,
much of it second-hand and unverifiable, was not sufficient to overcome the results of the 1998
State Department survey, not least because the question is whether a gay Lebanese man would
face persecution today, and all of Abdul-Karim's evidence dated back many years when
conditions in Lebanon may have been quite different.
Both the Board of Immigration Appeals and the 9th Circuit panel concluded that Abdul-Karim
had failed to rebut the "substantial evidence" of the State Department advisory.
According to 9th
Circuit precedents, these State Department advisories constitute "substantial evidence" in the
absence of "powerful contradictory evidence."
Abdul-Karim's failure to win asylum may have been inevitable in light of current realities in
Lebanon, but the court's discussion of his evidence suggests the possibility that better-informed
representation might have produced a more favorable result.
For example, the newspaper
clippings he submitted were undated and there was no certification as to the reliability of the
translations.
The court noted that under 8 C.F.R. sec. 103.2(b)(3), any foreign-language material
submitted as evidence in an immigration hearing is supposed to consist of a "full English
translation which the translator has certified as complete and accurate, and by the translator's
certification that he or she is competent to translate from the foreign language into English."
The
translations submitted by Abdul-Karim were unsigned and unsworn, suggesting that he must
have been representing himself pro se, or with the assistance of a lawyer unfamiliar with the rules
of practice in the asylum forum.
A.S.L.
Minnesota Appeals Court Reverses Conviction of Gay Teacher For Possession of Child
Pornography
A unanimous panel of the Minnesota Court of Appeals has reversed the convictions of
elementary school teacher Brian Victor Myrland for three counts of possession of pictorial
representations of minors.
Based upon a searching analysis of the record, the court concluded
that insufficient evidence had been presented against Myrland to sustain the convictions.
In one
of the more interesting portions of its opinion, the court also sternly rebuked the prosecutor in the
case for making inappropriate, inflammatory comments to the jury designed to suggest that
Myrland was a pedophile, notwithstanding the utter lack of evidence that this was so. _State of
Minnesota v. Myrland_, 681 N.W.2d 415 (Minn. Ct. App.,
June 22, 2004).
On May 14, 2001, students at Highland Elementary School in Apple Valley, Minnesota
approached the school's computer lab monitor, Lisa Losure, to tell her that they had found
something "icky"at a printer in the lab.
Losure investigated and found two printed Internet
photographs, both of which depicted adult men with exposed genitals.
The lab monitor
immediately suspected Myrland, a fifth-grade teacher, of having viewed and printed images,
because some months earlier, Myrland had approached Losure and told her that he had viewed
some "inappropriate" web sites on his classroom computer.
After discovering the pictures on
May 14, Losure walked through the school to determine which computers were running the
Internet at that time.
She found four computers that had an Internet browser open, including the
computer in Myrland's classroom.
Subsequent examination of Myrland's computer turned up numerous images and references to all
manner of pornographic material classroom computer, including some with references to "boys"
and "sex teens."
The school confronted Myrland, who admitted to having used several other
school computers as well to view adult male pornography during non-school hours.
These
computers were located in the classrooms of other teachers.
His practice was apparently to find
images on the Internet that "pleased" him, then print them off on school printers and take them
home.
During the school's examination of other computers Myrland admitted to having used, school
personnel found references to several web sites that appeared to contain sexual images of minors,
and contacted the police.
The web sites in question contained terms that police associate with
child pornography, such as "illegal teens" and "hard-core action of teen boys."
However,
Myrland told the police he had never viewed or even attempted to view sexual images of minors,
and that he had no interest in such material.
He indicated that his main interest was adult, male,
gay pornography, but no child pornography.
Myrland was ultimately charged with three separate counts of possession of pictorial
representations of minors, each count corresponding to a computer on which child pornography
had been found.
During a three-day jury trial, witnesses for the State testified that searches of the
computers Myrland had admitted to using revealed thousands of pornographic images, a few of
which depicted what appeared to be young teenage boys engaged in sexual behavior.
However,
on cross-examination, one witness admitted that it was impossible to determine who had
originally downloaded the images or viewed them, and that anyone with access to the computers
could have done so.
Another prosecution witness, a computer analyst with the Minnesota Bureau
of Criminal Apprehension, likewise admitted that there was no way to tell who had viewed the
images or if they had been viewed at all.
He further admitted on cross-examination that some of
the web sites referenced could have been accessed inadvertently or could have appeared on the
screen when a computer user accessed another site.
Myrland acknowledged at trial that he was gay and that he had viewed adult male pornography
on school computers during after-school hours, but testified he had never viewed or searched for
any images of minors engaged in sexual behavior.
Crucially, he stated (and the State conceded)
that all teachers had access to all school computers using the same access code.
The computers
were available during the summer, when Myrland was not present in school, and he admitted that
he often left the Internet running on his computer during school hours when he was not in the
classroom.
The jury found Myrland guilty of two counts of possession of child pornography and acquitted
him of the third count.
Based upon its review of the evidence presented at trial, the appellate court, in an opinion by
Judge Hudson, concluded that the evidence was insufficient to support Myrland's convictions.
Hudson explained that the circumstantial evidence upon which the prosecution relied did not
"form a complete chain which, in light of the evidence as a whole, leads so directly to the guilt of
the accused as to exclude 'beyond a reasonable doubt' any reasonable inference other than guilt."
First, while the evidence showed that Myrland did have access to the computers and the Internet,
undisputed evidence also showed that the Internet access code was the same for all teachers on
all the school's computers, and that any number of students, teachers, or others may also have
accessed to the computers.
Second, the court held, the evidence did not prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Myrland had
"possessed the images knowing their content."
The court reviewed all the evidence presented at
trial, including a number of photographic images that appeared to depict minor boys engaged in
sex acts.
While it noted that these images were indeed "graphic and repugnant," and also
"disturbing and repulsive," the court concluded that this fact was not proof that Myrland
possessed or intended to possess child pornography.
One of the more notable, and praiseworthy, aspects of this interesting opinion is its discussion of
prosecutorial misconduct in the case.
In general, the court noted, it is improper for a prosecutor
"to urge the jury to protect society with its verdict."
Similarly, prosecutors are forbidden to make
arguments intended to "inflame the passions or prejudices of the jury," or to attempt to divert the
jury from the facts of the case by making broad policy arguments.
In this case, however, the prosecutor was permitted to argue, among other similar things, that
once a pornographic image of a child reaches the Internet, that child is victimized again and again
every time the image is viewed.
She also stated that in order for child pornography to exist,
"there had to be a kid who either had to be sexually abused, who was required to perform some
type of sexual act."
The appellate court noted that these statements were irrelevant to the facts of
the case, and that were also highly inflammatory.
There was no allegation whatsoever that
Myrland had sexually abused any child or children or created the images in question.
Indeed, the
court noted, Myrland was a well-liked teacher who had never, in 20 years of teaching, been
accused of improper behavior toward a student.
The prosecutor's statements in closing
argument, the court concluded, were clearly designed to appeal to the jury's disgust over the
content of the images and to divert the jurors' attention from the fact that the State had failed to
prove that appellant was in fact guilty of the charged crimes. _Allen Drexel_
Colorado Appeals Court Upholds Parenting Order for Lesbian Co-Parent, But Remands for
Reconsideration of Restriction on Exposure to "Homophobic" Religious Teachings
In an important ruling on previously undecided questions of Colorado law, a three-judge
Colorado appellate panel ruled in _In the Interest of E.L.M.C., a Child_, 2004 WL 1469410 (July
1), that Elsey Maxwell McLeod, the former domestic partner of Cheryl Ann Clark, was entitled
to an award of parenting time and responsibility toward the child whom Clark had adopted, but
that the trial court's order restricting Clark from exposing the child to homophobic religious
teachings required reconsideration due to constitutional concerns about freedom of religion.
The
ruling was particularly significant because Colorado appellate courts had not yet taken a position
on the issues generated by _Troxel v. Granville_, 530 U.S. 57 (2000), in which the Supreme
Court had invalidated a Washington state law that authorized awarding visitation rights to third
parties over the protest of a child's parents when the court found that to be in the child's best
interest.
The Supreme Court had ruled that the biological or legal parents of a child have
constitutional rights to determine the upbringing of the child that cannot be lightly interfered with
by the state.
Since the Troxel case, courts in several states have had to determine the impact of that decision
on cases in which former domestic partners are disputing issues of child custody or visitation
between one parent who is the legal parent and the other parent who has no legal relationship
with the child.
Clark and McLeod had been domestic partners for several years when they decided to adopt a
child together.
Their plan was to adopt a Chinese child, but they learned that China did not allow
joint adoptions by same-sex couples, so they went forward with Clark being the sole adoptive
parent.
However, after the adoption was approved and the women brought the child back to
Colorado, they filed a petition for custody with a Colorado court and obtained a judicial order
granting joint custody of the child to the two women.
After a few more years had passed the
relationship between the women deteriorated.
Based on the opinion for the court by Judge John
R. Webb, this deterioration seems partly due to McLeod's relationship to the child, with Clark
having sent McLeod a letter accusing her of bonding so tightly with the child as to "leave out"
Clark.
Ultimately the women split up and Clark tried to gradually cut down the amount of
contact McLeod could have with the child, with an aim to eliminating contact entirely after a few
years.
According to newspaper reports (but not mentioned in the court's opinion) was that Clark
had become a devout Christian and McLeod feared that she was taking the child into religious
settings where anti-gay statements would be made.
In pursuance of her plan to end McLeod's contact with the child, Clark filed a motion with the
state court challenging the validity of the custody order that had been issued after the child was
adopted, and persuaded a magistrate judge that the order was void on the basis that the court had
lacked jurisdiction.
Colorado's custody statutes are written in such a way as to lend some
credence to the argument that a court would not have jurisdiction over a custody dispute unless it
arose in the context of a marriage breaking up.
However, the magistrate then foiled Clark's plans by temporarily ordering joint parenting time
and joint decision-making while the case was pending, and subsequently the trial judge, Denver
District Judge John W. Coughlin, determined that the original custody order was actually valid
and that joint parental responsibility should be awarded to the two women, with the caveat that
Clark would have sole responsibility in the areas of dental care and religion.
Judge Webb's
decision does not make clear why Judge Coughlin felt the need to make this further point, but he
ordered Clark not to expose the child to any "homophobic" religious teachings.
The trial judge's
order did not define the term "homophobic."
Clark appealed, arguing that under the Troxel decision the court could not award parental rights
to McLeod over Clark's opposition, so long as Clark was found to be a fit parent.
As have many
other courts, the Colorado Court of Appeals found that this was too broad a reading of Troxel, as
the Supreme Court had not set up a total bar on custody or visitation claims by "unrelated" third
parties.
However, addressing a point that had not been specifically decided by the Supreme
Court, Webb found that legal parents have a fundamental right regarding decision-making and
control of the raising of their children, so a compelling state interest would have to be shown to
justify circumventing Clark's objections.
Preventing harm to the child could be such a
compelling state interest.
In this case, Webb found that the deep psychological bond between McLeod and the child
provided the basis for such a compelling interest, since the state is legitimately concerned about
avoiding harm to children, whether that harm is physical or psychological, and Colorado courts
have long accepted the proposition that terminating contact with a "psychological parent" may be
the source of significant harm to a child.
Thus, the compelling interest standard would be met,
and the trial court's decision to award joint parenting rights to McLeod was affirmed.
However, the court of appeals found that the trial record did not support the court's order about
exposing the child to "homophobic" religious teachings.
For one thing, Clark's freedom of
religion was implicated, an interest separate from and additional to her fundamental right as a
parent, so once again a compelling interest would have to be shown.
More particularly, if the
state was to impose some restriction on Clark's ability to provide religious exposure to her child,
it would have to be shown that the restriction was necessary to prevent harm to the child.
Webb found that there was nothing in the trial record to suggest that exposing the child to
homophobic religious teachings, whatever that might mean, would cause physical or
psychological harm to the child.
However, the court did not merely overturn this part of the trial
court's order.
Instead, it returned the case to the trial court with instructions to conduct
additional fact-finding on this issue before making a final decision.
It will be up to McLeod to
show that such a restriction is necessary to prevent harm to the child.
Because of the unprecedented trial court order restricting exposure to homophobic religious
teachings, the case had drawn widespread media interest (and even some threats by right-wing
Colorado legislators to impeach Judge Coughlin) and attracted amicus briefs from a variety of
organizations, ranging from the right-wing anti-gay Liberty Counsel organization to the National
Center for Lesbian Rights and the ACLU of Colorado.
Media coverage of the appellate court's
reversal of this part of the order also received extensive coverage, much of it (at least in the
headlines) missing the nuance of the decision, which did not reject the notion that such an order
could be made, but rather found that the factual predicate for such an order had not been made
yet in this case, but might be upon further factual investigation by the trial court. A.S.L.
Yale Faculty and Students Granted Standing to Battle Solomon Amendment
Judge Janet C. Hall of the U.S. District Court for Connecticut has granted standing to two groups
at Yale Law School (YLS) to challenge the anti-gay Solomon amendment, which denies certain
funding to educational institutions that fail to give military recruiters access to students. _Burt v.
Rumsfeld_, 2004 WL 1392381 (D. Conn. June 9, 2004) (granting standing to members of Yale
Law School faculty); _Student Members of Student/Faculty Alliance for Military Equality
(SAME) v. Rumsfeld_, 2004 WL 1392275 (D. Conn. June 9, 2004) (granting standing [although
denying it on some issues] to members of YLS gay student organization).
The Solomon
Amendment was attached to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996.
It is
now codified at 10 U.S.C. sec. 983.
It is seen as anti-gay because campus restrictions against the
military are ordinarily adopted by colleges with gay-inclusive non-discrimination policies
(NDPs). The U.S. military bars open gays and lesbians from its ranks, therefore, cannot agree to
campuses' NDPs.
Rep. Gerald Solomon, an upstate N.Y. Republican who sponsored the amendment, retired from
the House of Representatives at the end of 1998 and died in 2001, but his name lives on in the
infamous amendment.
The court's rulings were on the Defense Department's motions to dismiss the complaints for lack
of standing and lack of ripeness. The motions were denied in regard to the faculty, and granted in
part, denied in part for members of the student organization.
Since 1978, YLS has had a policy barring discrimination based on sexual orientation to all
employers using the schools placement offices. Yale found that the policies of the Armed Forces
discriminate against homosexuals; recruiters for the military, therefore, were barred from the
campus. After several years of letter-writing between the Defense Department and YLS, the
Defense Department notified Yale that it was in violation of the Solomon Amendment, making it
ineligible for certain funding.
Forty-four faculty members filed suit on Oct. 16, 2003, contending that the Solomon Amendment
and the regulations implementing it violate their First and Fifth Amendment rights; that the
regulations implemented are not a reasonable interpretation of the Solomon Amendment; and
that, in any case, YLS is in compliance. The aspects of the complaint concerning the First and
Fifth Amendments regard the necessity for the faculty to "provide the military with the public
association and endorsement necessarily conveyed by allowing the military access to the Career
Development Office program. . . . This insistence conflicts with YLS's NDP, which requires all
recruit employers to sign a non-discrimination statement."
The student-members of SAME alleged that they, along with many other students, chose YLS
because of its non-discrimination policy and message. They contended that the DoD's
interpretation of the Solomon Amendment as applied to YLS is unreasonable; that it violates
their First Amendment right to be part of an association that rejects the message of
discrimination, forces them to adopt a message of discrimination, and prevents them from
receiving a message of non-discrimination that, but for the DoD, YLS would send. The students
also argued that enforcement of the Solomon Amendment is impermissible viewpoint
discrimination because it penalizes only those students who attend law schools that seek to apply
otherwise generally applicable non-discrimination policies to military recruiters. Thus, the
Solomon Amendment, as applied to YLS, violates their Fifth Amendment equal protection
rights.
Judge Hall recited the requirements for standing as enunciated by the Supreme Court in _Raines
v. Byrd_, 521 U.S. 811 (1997): (1) an injury in fact; (2) caused by the conduct complained of;
and (3) that such injury is likely to be redressed by a favorable judicial decision. The court found
that the faculty members had met the requirement for each of these elements, whereas the student
plaintiffs met all the elements for some of their grievances, but not all.
For there to be an injury, the plaintiff must allege a personal stake in the outcome of the
controversy, to make sure that the plaintiffs suffer adversity so as to sharpen the presentation of
issues, thereby illuminating for the court difficult constitutional issues. The court found that the
faculty members have such a stake. Their complaint alleged they were compelled to suspend their
NDP because of threats leveled at their institution by the Department of Defense, in violation of
the faculty's rights to freedom of speech and association. The DoD would force them to
participate in inflicting discrimination on those certain students. These alleged injuries, stated the
judge, are of a sufficiently concrete and personal nature to give the plaintiffs standing to pursue
this action.
The faculty members further alleged that their enactment of the NDP, and their decision to apply
it to all aspects of law school life, including the recruitment process, was protected speech. They
alleged that the Solomon Amendment, the DoD's regulations, and the application of those
regulations against Yale and YLS, had forced them to choose between the exercise of their
constitutional rights and federal funding for themselves, YLS, and Yale University. The court
found that these allegations set forth a cognizable First Amendment injury.
The faculty members presented a due process claim by contending that the Solomon
Amendment, by requiring them to allow an employer on campus that discriminates against their
students, violates the special relationship between student and teacher. The Supreme Court has
recognized, stated Judge Hall, that the Fifth Amendment at times protects the teacher-student
relationship, citing _Meyer v. Nebraska_, 262 U.S. 390 (1923). The plaintiffs are teachers; and
they have articulated a right that has been found to be cognizable. As a result, the Fifth
Amendment can be understood to grant them a right to judicial relief.
The District Court further held that the cause of the alleged abridgment of the faculty members'
constitutional rights was the Solomon Amendment and the DoD's enforcement of it. Therefore,
causation, the second prong of the 3-part rule to show standing, is met.
The judge further found that the issue is ripe for determination, meeting the third prong of the
rule on standing. DoD points out that no final determination regarding Yale had yet been made.
Yet, numerous letters had passed between responsible parties at YLS and DoD, and a notice of
imminent action had been sent to YLS.
But Judge Hall noted that the regulation itself is _final_. Under the Administrative Procedures
Act, a party must show that the regulation has caused the plaintiff some concrete harm; in some
cases, this may be satisfied by the promulgation of the regulation itself. Here, the regulation has
presented the plaintiffs with an immediate dilemma, and has further been applied to them by
some concrete action (a letter from DoD setting a deadline for resolution of Yale's non-
compliance with the Solomon Amendment). Thus, stated Judge Hall, the challenge to the
regulation is ripe.
Judge Hall was less magnanimous in granting standing to the student plaintiffs. The students
contended that they have a right to be part of an association that sends a particular message about
discrimination, and that, because of the Solomon Amendment as enforced by the DoD, they are
not only required to associate, but to effectively adopt the military's discriminatory message by
association, unless they speak out against it. However, the students are not the proper parties to
bring this associational claim, stated the court. The principles of the association that is YLS are
set by the faculty and can change at any time. While the students may have chosen YLS because
of its non-discriminatory principles, they have not alleged that they have an institutional voice in
how those principles are set or maintained, making the plaintiffs patrons of the YLS association,
not themselves members of the association, for purposes of the specific issue here. Therefore,
they fail to have standing on the First Amendment association claim.
The students also argued that they have a First Amendment right to receive information,
including the law school's non-discrimination message. Judge Hall cited ample precedents to
come to her holding that the students have standing to pursue this claim, denying the DoD's
motion to dismiss the plaintiffs' right to receive information and ideas.
The students also contended that the DoD impermissibly discriminated against them because they
had chosen to be part of an association that rejects discrimination against gays and lesbians. The
court held that while a claim of "viewpoint discrimination" is cognizable, the students are not the
proper parties to assert it because the viewpoint being suppressed is that of the law school
faculty. The mere fact that they agree with the law faculty's viewpoint does not make their own
viewpoint the target of the discrimination. The viewpoint discrimination claim is thus dismissed.
Regarding equal protection, the students alleged that they have been subjected to the unique and
personal harm of exclusion from participation in an official law school program, branded as
second-class citizens, and marked with a stigma that the Supreme Court recognized as
illegitimate in _Lawrence v. Texas_, 539 U.S. 558 (2003). While the court found this claim to be
dubious in light of the fact that the military's "Don't Ask Don't Tell" policy has been found to be
constitutional (albeit only in decisons rendered prior to _Lawrence_), Judge Hall statee that a
court must be cautious not to confuse the merits of a claim with the plaintiff's standing to assert
it. Therefore, the court held that the students have standing to pursue their equal protection claim.
The court also held that the students' complaint meets the causation element, in that their injury
was fairly traceable to the DoD's policy because it produced a coercive effect on the action of
others. The claim was also ripe in the same manner as the faculty's cause is ripe for judicial
determination.
Therefore, as to the students, the DoD's motion to dismiss for lack of standing is granted as to
the associational and viewpoint discrimination claims, and denied as to the right to receive ideas
and information and the equal protection claims.
The battle against the Solomon Amendment may now be fought on its merits. _Alan J. Jacobs_
Insurance Agents Assurance of Coverage Insufficient to Sustain Claim by Gay Partner Under
Homeowner's Policy; Alternative Claims Allowed
A gay male domestic partner who was not specifically mentioned in the homeowner's insurance
policy that he and his partner purchased could not maintain an action on the policy for personal
injuries, but could pursue a negligence claim against the insurer, according to a June 28 ruling by
U.S. District Judge Jerry Buchmeyer (N.D.Tex.), ruling on the insurer's motion for summary
judgment in _Walker v. State Farm Lloyd's_, 2004 WL 1462200.
David Walker and Edward Blount, domestic partners in Dallas, have been living together since
1991.
They purchased residential property coverage for their home through a State Farm agent
for coverage beginning in 1995 and renewed since then from year to year.
According to
Walker's complaint, the agent told them that they would both be covered under the policy, but
the actual written policy that was issued to them names only Blount, with the usual boilerplate
language extending coverage to spouse and minor children of the named insured.
They pooled
their finances, so Walker was contributing to the payment of the insurance premiums from year
to year.
In 1999, they reported a water condition to the insurer, which inspected and had some mold
removed from the bathroom, but Walker claims the inspection and work was not properly done,
mold condition remained elsewhere in the building, and eventually he suffered sinusitis and
respiratory problems.
When the men complained about continued problems in the house, State
Farm "reopened" the case and paid for the men to stay at a hotel while remediation work was
being done, but State Farm denied Walker's claim under the insurance policy for his injuries,
asserting that he was not covered under the policy.
Walker brought a diversity action in the federal court, Texas law governing, claiming breach of
contract, breach of duty of good faith and fair dealing, negligence, and violation of Article 21.21
of the Texas Insurance Code, which concerns unfair settlement practice on claims.
The insurer
moved for summary judgment.
Judge Buchmeyer found that none of Walker's theories for breach of contract were viable.
Turning first to the written instrument, Buchmeyer found it clear on the face of the instrument
that only Blount was a named insured, and that Walker would not qualify as a "spouse" under
Texas law.
"The contract nowhere grants Walker status as policyholder or insured, and Walker
fails to point out any provisions within the policy itself suggesting that he has status as a party to
the contract.
Absent privity, Walker lacks standing to sue directly as a party to the contract."
Walker advanced four alternative theories for coverage.
First, he argued promissory estoppel,
premised on the representation by the insurance agent that the policy would cover both men.
While Texas courts have recognized the promissory estoppel theory for construing service
contracts, Buchmeyer found that "the parol evidence rule bars the introduction of evidence of
promissory estoppel." In this case, the agent's representations would constitute extrinsic evidence
presented for the purpose of varying or adding to the terms of an unambiguous written
agreement. "Because the Policy was reduced to a single unambiguous writing, the parol evidence
rule operates to exclude extrinsic evidence - such as the State Farm agent's representations -
from consideration," wrote Buchmeyer.
Next, Walker argued that he should be treated as a third-party beneficiary of the insurance
contract, since he lived in the premises that were being insured.
Buchmeyer found that under
Texas law, to claim such status, "a claimant must show that the contract was entered into directly
and primarily for his benefit," usually evidenced by being mentioned in the contract itself.
But
Walker was not mentioned in the contract. "To successfully advance a third-party beneficiary
claim, Walker could have had the insured procure an endorsement adding his name to the Policy
as an additional insured. . .
As no such language appears in the written contract, Walker's third-
party beneficiary claim fails."
Then Walker tried to argue that State Farm had ratified its agent's representations by addressing
mail jointly to himself and Blount when corresponding about their water damage claims.
Buchmeyer found that under Texas law, ratification depends on a party performing a voluntary,
intentional act that is inconsistent with an intention to avoid the alleged agreement.
In this case,
he found nothing inconsistent in the actions of State Farm. "Mere correspondence with or about
someone associated with a dispute is not tantamount to recognizing the validity of the alleged
agreement 'by acting or performing under the contract or by otherwise affirmatively
acknowledging it.'" Although it isn't specifically mentioned in this part of the opinion,
Buchmeyer evidently didn't see State Farm's willingness to pay for hotel accommodations for
Walker during the period of dispossession as a ratification or some form of admission of
coverage.
Finally, Walker argued that State Farm should be required to cover his injuries as a matter of
public policy, because failure to do so would be discriminatory in light of Texas's refusal to
extend any legal family status to same-sex partners.
Buchmeyer found that Walker's argument
"seems to ignore the possibility that Blount could have procured an endorsement placing Walker
within the scope of coverage." Furthermore, Walker could have sued Blount, his partner, for his
injuries, and then Blount could have called upon the insurer to defend the case, thus indirectly
covering Walker's claim. "But an adversarial lawsuit... would pit the interests of Blount and
Walker against each other even though each wants to keep them aligned," Buchmeyer noted.
"This unhappy result seems to be required by the law as it currently stands.
While Walker
understandably challenges the Policy on public policy grounds, it nonetheless comports with this
state's public policy as it relates to same-sex unions."
With the fall of the breach of contract claim, the bad faith claim was also untenable, since any
duty to act in good faith would have to arise out of the insurance contract, and Buchmeyer had
found that the insurance contract did not create any contractual duty running from State Farm to
Walker.
However, the negligence claim was a different story.
Buchmeyer found that Walker's
factual allegations were sufficient to create a triable issue on the question whether State Farm had
breached its duty to perform under the contract using reasonable care not to injure persons or
property, "and one who is not privy to the contract may assert a negligence claim for breach of
that duty." Having found that Walker had also presented sufficient medical evidence in a doctor's
affidavit to create a factual issue about causation as well, Buchmeyer refused to grant summary
judgement on the negligence claim
As to the statutory claim, Buchmeyer found that Walker's allegations were sufficient to create an
issue as to whether he had detrimentally relied on the representations of State Farm's agent, by
failing to secure an endorsement adding him as a named insured to the policy, and this could
sustain a cause of action under section 21.21.
Consequently, Buchmeyer refused to grant
summary judgment on this claim as well.
The rulings on the breach of contract claims provide yet another illustration of the way denial of
the right to marry disadvantages same-sex couples, in this case putting the burden on them to
confirm the verbal promise of an insurance agent by scrutinizing the resulting contract to make
sure that both partners are covered, and then taking steps to add the uninsured partner to the
policy if the writing does not conform with the verbal promise.
[For gay legal history buffs, it is worth noting that Judge Buchmeyer was the author of a
magnificent opinion in _Baker v. Wade_, 553 F. Supp. 1121 (N.D. Tex. 1982), holding the Texas
sodomy law unconstitutional more than twenty years before _Lawrence v. Texas_ came along,
only to suffer reversal in the 5th Circuit.]
A.S.L.
Gay Texan's Indecent Exposure Conviction Upheld
In a case that has all the earmarks of entrapment, the Forth Worth division of the Texas Court of
Appeals rejected Vann Dean Elkin's appeal of the jury verdict in an indecent exposure case
involve a plainclothes police officer in a Tarrant County public park.
The unanimous per curiam
ruling in _Elkin v. State_, 2004 WL 1472624 (not reported in S.W.2d) was issued on July 1.
Elkin and the plainclothes officer, Jerry Sillers, presented rather different stories to the jury.
It is
undisputed, however, that Elkin "exposed his penis" to Sillers "in a public park," according to
the unsigned opinion by the court.
According to Elkin, he had completed a three-mile walk around Lake Benbrook when he was
accosted by Sillers, who flattered him with sexual advances, but Elkin refused to have sex in the
park.
Instead, Elkin testified that he gave Sillers his card and invited him to come back to
Elkin's house, then turned away to get into his truck parked nearby.
But, said Elkin, Sillers
"continued to move closer, urging [Elkin] to show Sillers his 'd-.'" Elkin testified that he was
taking medication for impotence which require frequent urination, and at that point he was hit by
the need, so "he pulled out his penis, said, 'Excuse me, but I've got to urinate,' turned away from
Sillers, and urinated."
Sillers then arrested him for indecent exposure.
Or at least, that was Elkin's story.
Sillers testified to a more detailed conversation during which
Elkin showed interest in fooling around with Sillers.
According to Sillers, he asked Elkin if he
was a cop, and Elkin replied, "Hell, no.
I've been in trouble with the law before in a park just
like this and it took about $3,000 to get me out of trouble.
So I was arrested in Waco by a park
ranger... Right when I went down on the guy, he busted me."
Sillers testified that Elkin gave him
a card and "insisted" that Sillers stop by Elkin's house.
Siller testified that he then asked if Elkin
would let him "see what I would be messing around with," and that Elkin then unzipped his
pants, pulled out a partially erect penis which he stroked fully erect, and said, "It will grow a little
more, don't worry."
Clearly, both men had been watching too much gay porn.
Who writes this
dialogue?
At any rate, the jury apparently believed Sillers rather than Elkin on the ultimate motivation for
unzipping, undoubtedly influenced by the statement that he had been previously arrested for
public sex.
This was the main point Elkin argued on appeal, that it was unfairly prejudicial to
allow the testimony about his prior offense, since the issue was his motivation on this occasion,
and the jury might have presumed without proof that his motivation on this occasion was the
same as in the past incident.
But the court of appeals agreed with the state that the past offense
was relevant to that key question of motivation, since it tended to reinforce Sillers' testimony that
Elkin pulled out his penis for the purpose of encouraging Sillers to pay him an amorous visit at
home, and not for the purpose of urination.
The court also rejected Elkin's contention that he
had received ineffective legal representation, or that the evidence present was insufficient to
support the jury's verdict.
The opinion makes no mention of any argument about entrapment, even though both versions of
what happened indicate that Sillers initiated contact with Elkin, effectively solicited him to have
sex, and specifically suggested that Elkin pull out his penis for Sillers' inspection.
Sillers seems
to have been following the standard operating procedure for entrapping gay men in public
cruising situations.
The court's opinion does not mention what penalty was imposed on Elkin.
A.S.L.
California Appeals Court Rejects Libel Claim Arising From Lesbian Custody Dispute
The California Court of Appeal, 4th District, has thrown out a libel lawsuit brought against the
infamous Sharon S. by her former partner, Annette F. _Annette F. v. Sharon S._, 2004 WL
1433945 (June 28, 2004).
These women originally gained public notoriety as the couple whose
ugly breakup and custody litigation placed second-parent adoptions throughout the state in
jeopardy. _Sharon S. v. Superior Court_, 31 Cal. 4th 417 (2003).
The court dismissed Annette's
libel complaint on the grounds that allegedly defamatory statements made by Sharon were
protected by the state's anti-SLAPP statute, and that Annette could not prove that Sharon had
made false statements with the requisite level of malice to justify a finding of liability.
Sharon received significant negative publicity, particularly from the gay and lesbian media, as a
result of her attempts to nullify Annette's second-parent adoption of the children they had raised
together as a couple.
While the litigation was working its way through the California courts,
Sharon wrote a letter to the Lesbian and Gay Community Center of San Diego and to the _Gay
and Lesbian Times_ of San Diego, in which she defended her position in the litigation.
Specifically, she called Annette "a convicted perpetrator of domestic violence" and claimed that
Annette had "made repeated false accusations of child abuse and neglect" against her.
In
September 2002, Annette filed a libel action against Sharon, claiming that these statements were
false and defamatory.
Sharon filed a special motion to strike the complaint under California's anti-SLAPP statute, a
provision that was enacted in 1992 for the purpose of providing an efficient procedural
mechanism for the early and inexpensive dismissal of non-meritorious claims "arising from any
act" of the defendant "in furtherance of the person's right of petition or free speech under the
United States or California Constitution in connection with a public issue . . ."
When
determining whether to dismiss a complaint under the anti-SLAPP statute, a court must first
determine whether the speech at issue is protected under the statute, and must then assess
whether the plaintiff is likely to succeed on the merits of his/her claim.
In this case, the trial
court determined that Sharon's speech was protected under the statute, but refused to strike the
complaint on the grounds that Annette had demonstrated a probability of success on the merits of
her libel claim.
Sharon appealed.
The Court of Appeal, in an opinion written by Associate Justice Cynthia Aaron, agreed that
Sharon's letters were speech regarding a matter of significant public concern, as they pertained to
the custody dispute under consideration by the California courts.
Sharon's statements about
Annette's history as a perpetrator of domestic violence and Annette's accusations of abuse and
neglect were some of the facts directly at issue in the underlying adoption proceedings.
Sharon
had claimed that her consent to the second-parent adoption of their first child was the result of
fraud or undue influence resulting from Annette's acts of domestic violence against her.
Similarly, Annette's allegations of abuse and neglect were also relevant to the parties' competing
claims as to the best interests of their children.
But the Court of Appeal disagreed with the trial court on the proper standard for assessing
Annette's likelihood of prevailing on the underlying libel claim.
In the court's view, Annette's
involvement in a highly publicized court battle over custody of their children made her a "limited
purpose public figure."
As a result, in order to succeed on her claims, Annette would have to
demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that Sharon made false statements with actual
malice.
As to the charge that Sharon defamed Annette by stating that Annette was a "convicted
perpetrator of domestic violence," the court observed that the statement was inaccurate in that
Annette had not been "convicted" of a crime.
The court noted, however, that Sharon had
successfully petitioned for a temporary restraining order against Annette in December 2000, and
that during this hearing, the court found that there was reasonable proof of past acts of abuse by
Annette against Sharon.
Because the word "convict" can also simply mean blameworthy, the
court found that Sharon's statement was not sufficiently erroneous to trigger liability.
As Judge
Aaron explained, "Sharon's explanation that she innocently use the term 'convicted' to refer to a
non-criminal adjudication of domestic violence by the family court [was] not so implausible as to
support an inference of actual malice."
The court recognized that Sharon felt angry at Annette
and was stunned by the amount of hostility directed at her because of their legal dispute.
It also
acknowledged that Sharon did not utter the allegedly defamatory statements in the heat of
argument, and "had ample opportunity to check the accuracy of the statements," but did not do
so.
Nevertheless, these facts alone did not rise to the level of actual malice.
Similarly, with respect to Sharon's statements that Annette had made "repeated false accusations
of child abuse and neglect," the court found that Annette would not be able to prove actual
malice.
Annette had leveled accusations of abuse and neglect against Sharon in connection with
the underlying custody dispute.
But all of the individuals with whom Annette raised these issues
- namely, their son's attorney, his pediatrician and his psychologist - found the charges to be
unfounded.
The court also noted that Annette did not provide any additional information to
substantiate her allegations.
Consequently, in the court's view, Annette was unlikely to succeed
on the libel claim pertaining to this statement as well.
Based on these determinations, the Court of Appeal remanded the case with instructions to grant
Sharon's motion to strike and to enter judgment in her favor.
The court also awarded Sharon her
costs on appeal.
Acting Presiding Justice Judith Haller and Justice Alex McDonald joined the
opinion. _Sharon McGowan_
Wrongly Calling Somebody Gay May Not Be Defamatory
In the first such case to be decided since the U.S. Supreme Court invalidated laws against
consensual gay sex last year, Judge Nancy Gertner of the United State District Court in Boston,
Massachusetts, has ruled that it is not automatically defamatory to falsely call somebody gay.
Ruling on a motion to dismiss defamation and related claims in _Albright v. Morton_, 2004 WL
1240900 (May 28, 2004), a case brought by James Albright, a former bodyguard and lover of the
singer-actress-author Madonna, Judge Gertner wrote that it would be "outrageous" to adopt the
plaintiff's arguments.
And, just a few days later, U.S. District Judge Charles Haight (S.D.N.Y.),
ruling in _Lewittes v. Cohen_, NYLJ, 6/4/2004, another defamation case involving falsely
calling somebody gay, found that the claim was filed too late, but suggested that if it had been
timely, there still would be some question whether calling somebody gay could be considered
defamatory today.
Albright worked as a bodyguard for Madonna for six months in 1992, and subsequently had a
brief affair with her.
Several years later, Albright was approached by Michael O'Mara Books,
which was developing a book proposal about Madonna, and he agreed to be interviewed.
In the
book, published in 2001 by St. Martin's Press, as well as in a book excerpt published by Time,
Inc. in _People_, a photograph showing Madonna with her openly-gay bodyguard, Jose
Guitierez, was incorrectly captioned to indicate that Albright was Guitierez.
Albright claimed
that the mislabeled caption would lead readers wrongly to conclude that he was gay, and sought
damages for defamation, invasion of privacy, improper commercial appropriation of his image,
negligent infliction of emotional distress and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
Gertner found it implausible that anybody viewing the book or the magazine article would
conclude that Albright was gay.
For one thing, the caption did not state that the man who was
pictured next to Madonna was gay.
Far from it, in fact, as the caption in the book indicated that
the pictured man, identified as Albright, had told the author that he felt "overwhelming love" for
Madonna, and the magazine article caption went further to identify Albright as Madonna's
"secret lover."
Thus, Gertner concluded, it was doubtful that any reader would question
Albright's heterosexuality, even if the reader happened to know that the man in the picture was
gay.
(Gertner noted that the man in the picture was wearing a black leather jacket, tinted glasses,
a string neckless with a pendant, and an earring, but wrote, "Nothing in the photograph suggests
that he is gay." Most like metrosexual?)
Despite this ruling, Gertner decided to use this decision as an opportunity to strike one more
blow for gay equality, so she went on to address the question whether it would be defamatory if a
reader of the book or magazine could draw the conclusion that Albright is gay. "Looking at any
'considerable and respectable class in the community' in this day and age," she wrote, "I cannot
conclude that identifying someone as a homosexual discredits him, that the statement fits within
the category of defamation per se."
The common law rule in most jurisdictions has long been that a false imputation that somebody
is gay is defamatory _per se_, mainly because it carried the implication that the individual
engaged in criminal sexual activity, but some courts have continued to consider such statements
to be defamatory _per se_ even after the repeal of their state's sodomy laws, on the grounds that
public opinion still regards homosexuality as a stigma on an individual's reputation in society.
"While courts outside this jurisdiction are split on whether a statement wrongfully identifying
someone as homosexual is defamatory per se," wrote Gertner, "their decisions rely on statutes
criminalizing same-sex sexual acts (statutes which may well be unconstitutional), and fail to
incorporate more recent decisions recognizing homosexuals' equal rights."
Amazingly,
Albright's lawyers cited the Massachusetts sodomy law in support of their claim, even though the
Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts had recently ruled that it was inapplicable to private,
consensual gay sex.
Of course, since Albright filed his claim, the U.S. Supreme Court has struck
down all sodomy laws, and the Massachusetts court has twice ruled in favor of same-sex
marriage.
Under these circumstances, Gertner found it difficult to credit the argument that a person could
be presumed to have suffered a reputational loss from a false statement that they are gay. "I reject
the offensive implication of plaintiffs' argument that, even without the implicit accusation of a
crime, portions of the community 'feel [homosexuals] are less reputable than heterosexuals,' as
plaintiffs allege in this Complaint. . .
If this Court were to agree that calling someone a
homosexual is defamatory per se - it would, in effect, validate that sentiment and legitimize
relegating homosexuals to second-class status."
Gertner compared this case to one in which a
Caucasian claims to have been defamed by being wrongly labeled as African-American.
Although such a case would have been treated as _per se_ defamatory perhaps fifty years ago, it
would be laughed out of court today.
"What has not changed in the case law is the conclusion that the category 'defamatory per se'
should be reserved for statements linking an individual to the category of persons 'deserving of
social disapprobation' like a 'thief, murderer, prostitute, etc.,'" wrote Gertner, quoting a
Colorado appellate decision from 1991. To suggest that homosexuals should be put into
this classification is nothing short of outrageous."
An alternative argument for Albright would have been to show that he suffered actual economic
injury as a result of the publication, but he had not made any specific allegation to this effect, and
Judge Gertner would probably have questioned the credibility of such an assertion in any event,
in light of her rejection of Albright's claim that a reader of the book or article could wrongly
conclude that he was gay as a result of the erroneous name in the caption.
Having rejected the
defamation claim, Gertner concluded that the rest of Albright's case had collapsed as well, and
dismissed all claims against all defendants.
New York cases were among those from other states that Gertner noted in her ruling, as courts
applying New York law have continued to apply the old precedents treating a false imputation of
homosexuality as automatically defamatory.
But in his opinion published on June 4 in the _New
York Law Journal_, Judge Haight suggested that may no longer be the case. Plaintiff Michael
Lewittes is a journalist and editor, whose brother was going through a divorce from Marilyn
Blume.
According to Lewittes's complaint, Blume got her brother, Joshua Cohen, to put up a
website containing her divorce papers.
The website also included some textual description of
Blume's disputes with David Lewittes, and stated, "the story will be told," accompanied by a
statement in smaller print, "ask the doorman . . . and that closeted editor of a certain paper."
Michael Lewittes claimed that the reference was to him, and that he is not gay.
In addition to a
variety of other claims, he sought damages for defamation.
Judge Haight found that the time for Lewittes to file his legal claim began to run when the
statement appeared on the website.
A defamation claim can be asserted for a period of one year
after a defamatory statement is made, but Lewittes first asserted his claim more than one year
later, so Haight granted the motion to dismiss that claim as untimely.
But, in a footnote, he
commented briefly on the merits of the claim.
After finding that the text on the website referring to "that closeted editor of a certain paper . . .
certainly passes this threshold test insofar as it may reasonably be found to imply that plaintiff is
gay," Haight observed, "It does not necessarily follow from this, however, that an implication of
homosexuality is defamatory."
After listing prior court rulings applying the _per se_ defamation
rule, Haight stated, "Given welcome shifts in social perceptions of homosexuality, however,
there is good reason to question the reliability of these precedents," and then listed several law
journal articles that argue that calling a person gay should no longer be considered defamatory.
Two federal judges in the space of a week may not exactly be a stampede, but certainly this is
evidence of a trend in the law reflecting the changed public attitude springing from _Lawrence v.
Texas_ and the recent surge in same-sex marriage activity.
A.S.L.
Massachusetts Marriage Developments
_Federal Appeals Ruling_ - Rejecting a last-ditch attempt by opponents to put a stop to same-
sex marriages in Massachusetts, a unanimous 1st Circuit Court of Appeals panel in Boston ruled
on June 29 in _Largess v. Supreme Judicial Court for the State of Massachusetts_, 2004 WL
1453033, that the state's highest court did not violate the federal constitution when it ruled that
Massachusetts must let same-sex partners get married. The panel, consisting of Chief Circuit
Judge Michael Boudin and Circuit Judges Sandra Lynch and Jeffrey Howard, affirmed a recent
ruling by District Judge Joseph Tauro, rejecting the argument that the _Goodridge_ decision
violates the federal constitutional guarantee that each state shall have a "republican form of
government."
The three appeals judges issued a _per curiam_ opinion.
The lawsuit had been brought by a group of state legislators, who argued that only the political
branches of the government - the legislator and the governor - could decide who is entitled to
marry, since that is a political public policy issue.
They argued that by dictating a particular
result, the state's highest court had usurped legislative functions in a ruling inconsistent with the
notion of a republican government, in which the people's elected representatives make the law.
But they ran up against more than two centuries of a broad, tolerant approach by the U.S.
Supreme Court on the question whether particular variations in the structure and composition of
state governments might be said to violate the so-called "Guarantee Clause." The constitution
itself sheds no light on the scope or meaning of that clause, and John Adams had written to a
correspondent that neither he nor anyone else knew exactly what it meant, thus leaving the Court
free to adopt an expansive view and accommodate the wide variety of state governmental
structures, which differ markedly from state to state in the allocation of legislative, executive and
judicial authority.
The plaintiffs had also relied on their reading of the Massachusetts Constitution, which they say
the high state court had violated.
However, the Mass. SJC had already rejected that argument,
and under the federal system the highest court of a state has the last word on the meaning of the
state's constitution.
Although Judge Tauro had voiced some agreement with the Massachusetts
high court's ruling on that score, the court of appeals basically said that it would take a hands-off
approach to any question of interpreting the Massachusetts Constitution.
Instead, the court relied
on past U.S. Supreme Court decisions that effectively added up to a very undemanding view of
what constitutes a republican form of government.
In essence, if the structure of state
government was established by the people of the state through an appropriate constitution-
making process, and the people retained the ultimate authority to change laws with which they
disagree through a constitutional amendment process, the federal courts are unlikely to step in,
except for the unlikely event that the people of a state try to set up a monarchy or a dictatorship
rather than a system in which their chief executive and legislators are elected by the public.
The plaintiffs had argued that the time-consuming amendment procedures, under which a
proposed state amendment against marriage cannot come before the general public for a vote
until the fall of 2006, meant that the court had been free to "legislate" without any immediate
danger of being checked by the popular will.
But representative government does not necessarily
mean that the legislature has to have the first, decisive word on every matter of public policy,
otherwise the courts could not function to decide any case that raised questions not directly
addressed by an explicit statutory provision.
As a practical matter, pure "republicanism" is not
required by the federal constitution.
And, after all, the people of Massachusetts had
democratically approved a constitution that established this prolonged amendment process.
Of
course, the opponents of same-sex marriage vowed to seek U.S. Supreme Court review, which
seems highly unlikely to be granted.
_Challenge to Section 11_ - On June 18, two lawsuits were filed against state officials in an
attempt to gain a judicial resolution of the question whether out-of-state same-sex couples can
marry in Massachusetts.
One of the suits was brought on behalf of twelve city and town clerks,
asserting that they should be able to issue valid marriage licenses to such couples. The other,
brought on behalf of eight non-resident same-sex couples, five of whom married before the
Governor and Attorney General bullied local officials into compliance and three of whom
applied but were turned away, was filed by Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders (GLAD) in
Suffolk Superior Court in Boston, under the name _Cote-Whitacre v. Department of Public
Health_, asserting that the state is misinterpreting Section 11, which is, in any event, a statute
that must be construed in light of _Goodridge v. Department of Public Health_, 440 Mass. 309
(2003) (holding same-sex couples are constitutionally entitled to equal access to marriage), and
that its actions violate not only state constitutional requirements of equality and due process but
also the plaintiffs' federal constitutional rights under the Privileges and Immunities Clause of the
14th Amendment, which has been interpreted in a variety of circumstances to block states from
affording differential treatment as between residents and non-residents.
_Attleboro & Fall River_ - After Attorney General Thomas Reilly wrote to the municipalities
that had indicated they would issue licenses to same-sex partners from out-of-state, all of the four
eventually fell into line and ceased issuing such licenses, at least temporarily.
(See
Provincetown, below.)
But the Associated Press reported on May 25 that two other city clerks,
in Attleboro and Fall River, had issued such licenses without any advance announcement or
fanfare, and briefly continued doing so.
_Provincetown_ - On May 25, the Provincetown selectmen voted temporarily to suspend issuing
marriage licenses to same-sex couples from out of state, in accordance with a warning letter that
had been received from Attorney General Thomas Reilly that such licenses would violate an old
Massachusetts statute that forbids issuing licenses to out-of-state couples whose marriages would
be voice in their jurisdictions of residence.
Although the Chair of the Board of Selectmen, Dr.
Cheryl Andrews, reiterated the council's belief that it is "unlawful and unconstitutional to deny
out-of-state same-sex couples the right to marry in Massachusetts," they were not willing to defy
the state government on this issue. _365Gay.com_, May 26.
_Numbers_ - According to a survey undertaken by the _Boston Globe_ and published on June
17, about 2500 same-sex couples applied for marriage licenses in Massachusetts during the first
week after the _Goodridge_ decision went into effect on May 17.
During that first week,
Cambridge received 310 applications, followed by Provincetown with 225, but even small towns
in out-of-the-way locations received the applications.
The survey found that 265 different
communities in the state received applications.
At least 164 applications came from out-of-state
couples, mainly from New York and surrounding New England states.
A.S.L.
New Paltz, NY, Mayor Ordered to Perform No More Same-Sex Couple Marriages, But Criminal
Charges Against Him Dismissed by Court on Grounds of Unconstitutionality
E. Michael Kavanagh, a New York State Supreme Court Justice in Ulster County, issued a
permanent injunction ordering New Paltz Mayor Jason West to desist from performing marriages
between same-sex couples. _Habel v. West_.
Kavanagh's June 7 order made permanent a
temporary order that had been issued several months ago after Liberty Counsel, a right-wing
litigation group, filed a lawsuit on behalf of Robert Habel, a dissenting member of the New Paltz
Board of Trustees.
But just three days later, Town of New Paltz Justice Court Judge Jonathan D.
Katz issue his ruling in _People v. West_, 2004 WL 1433528 (New Paltz, N.Y., Justice Ct., June
10), finding that the state had failed to rebut West's claim that the marriage law's exclusion of
same-sex couples violates the state and federal constitution, and thus that misdemeanor charges
that had been brought against West for performing same-sex marriages for couples who did not
have New York marriage licenses should be dismissed.
(On June 24, Liberty Counsel filed a
new lawsuit, seeking to bar other New Paltz officials from performing the weddings, and Judge
Kavanagh set a July 19 court date for a hearing on their request for relief.)
Justice Kavanagh issued a narrowly-focused opinion that took no position on any issue other than
whether Mayor West had the authority to perform marriages for same-sex couples (or any other
couples) who had not obtained a valid New York State marriage license.
Kavanagh said nothing
in his opinion about whether the marriages that West performed were valid, whether West was
guilty of the criminal charges filed against him, or even whether the refusal of the New Paltz
town clerk to issue licenses to same-sex couples violates either the state's marriage laws or the
constitutional rights of the applicants.
Instead, Kavanagh focused narrowly on whether West is entitled to ignore the statutory
requirement of a marriage license based on his view that same-sex couples have a constitutional
right to marry.
Conceding that the refusal of licenses to same-sex couples "may violate those
constitutional provisions that guarantee to all equal protection of the laws," Kavanagh insisted
that "the decision to issue a marriage license in this State is not one for the Mayor to make; that
duty by State law belongs to the Town Clerk."
Indeed, Kavanagh's decision even appears to
suggest that had the clerk decided to issue the license, West could have gone ahead and
performed the marriages.
Without getting into the merits of the clerk's decision, Kavanagh did note that the refusal of the
licenses was consistent with Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's informal opinion rendered on
March 3, concluding that the current New York marriage law does not allow for same-sex
marriages.
Spitzer has since expanded on that opinion in his defense of affirmative lawsuits that
were subsequently filed by Lambda Legal and the ACLU.
While taking the political position that
same-sex couples should be allowed to marry as a matter of public policy, Spitzer is arguing that
neither the federal nor state constitutions compel that result.
Finding a "clear violation of the Domestic Relations Law," which specifically provides that
certain public officials, such as mayors, are authorized to perform weddings for couples who
have obtained marriage licenses, Kavanagh concluded that West's attempt to characterize his
action as "civil disobedience" had "profound and unsettling implications," because it could lead
to widespread lawlessness by public officials.
(Perhaps a copy of the decision should be sent to
Alberto Gonzalez, George W. Bush's chief legal counsel, who wrote the opinion that the United
States does not have to honor its international treaty obligations concerning treatment of
prisoners, without consulting any U.S. or international legal body, since one could argue that the
federal administration is theoretically doing the same thing on a large scale that West was doing
on a tiny scale in New Paltz!)
Kavanagh concluded that West is "by his office . . . obligated to comply with the law and abide
by it.
A public officer may not question the constitutionality of a statute and refuse to comply
with its provisions.
Indeed, the Mayor, as a town official, cannot challenge the constitutionality
of a statute relating to his governmental powers and duties."
Kavanagh's comment must be read
in context, for certainly West could challenge the constitutionality of the statute by bringing a
lawsuit.
Kavanagh undoubtedly meant to say that West's doubts about the constitutionality of
the marriage restriction did not provide West with authority to ignore the clear requirement in the
Domestic Relations Law that couples obtain licenses before mayors perform civil marriage
ceremonies for them.
West's attorney, E. Joshua Rosenkranz of Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe, a law firm that has
donated significant time to gay rights causes, released a statement disagreeing with Kavanagh's
narrow characterization of the issues presented by the case. "The only reason any couple in this
case was denied a marriage license was because they were of the same sex, and the only reason
Mayor West acted was because the denial is unconstitutional."
Rosenkranz said that West would
appeal.
In the criminal prosecution, Judge Katz took on the substantive issue that Justice Kavanagh had
avoided.
For the first time, a New York trial judge ruled that the state's domestic relations law
violates both the federal and state constitutions by denying same-sex couples the right to marry.
Mayor West's performances of marriages for same-sex couples had brought him up against
sections 13 and 17 of the New York Domestic Relations Law, which taken together appear to
limit the mayor's authority to perform a marriage only to couples who have obtained valid
licenses.
West went ahead nonetheless and performed twenty-five weddings until he was
preliminarily ordered to desist by Justice Kavanagh.
The Ulster County Prosecutor, Donald Williams, filed misdemeanor charges against West in the
town court.
Arguing the case before Judge Katz, Williams maintained that the only relevant
question was whether West had violated the statute, which makes it a misdemeanor for
somebody who is authorized to perform marriages to do so for a couple that has not obtained a
valid license.
E. Joshua Rosenkrantz, West's attorney, argued that West could not be guilty of a
crime if the underlying marriage law was unconstitutional, and provided Katz with the
appropriate legal arguments to challenge the constitutionality of the marriage law.
Williams did
not respond with any arguments in support of the marriage law, and no argument was presented
by the state attorney general's office either, although that office has responded in other recently-
filed lawsuits by defending the law.
Under the circumstances, Katz's decision took on the nature of a default judgment, although he
did not call it that. "Town courts have jurisdiction to dismiss criminal charges on the grounds
that the law defining the violation charged in unconstitutional," wrote Katz, finding that in light
of West's defense argument, "the determination of the constitutionality of DRL 17 is both
'necessary and unavoidable.'" "Cultural and political attitudes about homosexual rights and
same-sex marriage are evolving rapidly," Judge Katz observed. "No recent act of the legislature
suggests a policy favoring any form of discrimination against homosexuals or same-sex
partnerships," he wrote.
Indeed, he found the opposite to be the case, noting that the legislature
"has adopted sweeping legislation directed to discrimination against homosexuals," and that
there have been several decisions by the state's highest court affirming gay rights in the context
of tenant succession and co-parent adoption.
Katz also took note of the recent decision against
St. Vincent's Hospital, holding that a surviving gay partner from a Vermon Civil Union could
file a wrongful death action in New York, and also pointed out that Justice Kavanagh's decision
enjoining West from performing further marriages took no position on the constitutionality of the
Domestic Relations Law's failure to make such marriages available to same-sex couples.
Katz found that the legal question for him to answer was "whether there is a legitimate state
purpose in prohibiting same-sex marriages."
Since neither the Ulster County Prosecutor nor the
state Attorney General had proposed any state purpose in this case, wrote Katz, "The net effect of
the lack of proof is that this record contains no evidence tending to show that there is a legitimate
state interest in refusing marriage to same-sex partners. . .
If the state had a legitimate
governmental purpose in preventing same-sex couples from marrying either the chief law
enforcement officer of Ulster County or of the State of New York could have taken this
opportunity to articulate it."
Thus, Katz concluded, "the defense has rebutted the presumption of
constitutionality enjoyed by DRL 13 shifting the burden of proof on that issue to the People," and
the prosecution had signally failed to meet that burden.
"In dismissing the Information charging the mayor with violating DRL 13, 17, I heed the
admonishment of Justice Brandeis that 'We must be ever on our guard lest we erect our
prejudices into legal principles.'"
Katz is an elected judge, who does not come up for re-election again until 2006, according to
early press reports.
County D.A. Williams announced that he would appeal the ruling.
Taking heart from the dismissal, New Paltz's deputy mayor, Rebecca Rotzler, and town trustee
Julia Walsh, neither of whom are named in the injunction against Mayor West, announced that
they would perform wedding ceremonies for same-sex couples, and they jointly officiated at
ceremonies for four same-sex couples on June 17.
Said Walsh, "We will not stop until all
Americans have equal protection under the law." _Associated Press_, June 17.
A.S.L.
Marriage & Partnership Litigation Notes
_Federal - Minnesota_ - In the June _Law Notes_ we reported on litigation filed by Jack Baker
and Mike McConnell seeking the right to file an amended joint federal tax return and claim a
refund, based on their Minnesota marriage of the 1970s.
Our report was based on a newspaper
article.
We have since been contacted by Baker, an attorney, to correct some incorrect
assumptions we made in writing the article.
The timing of their lawsuit is independent of recent
developments in marriage law, and had rather to do with the timing of particular career goals,
particularly for McConnell, a senior officer of the Minneapolis public library system who
recently presided over the opening of a spectacular new library facility that is a crowning project
of his career.
In fact, Baker says, the IRS did not cite the Defense of Marriage Act in rejecting
the amended tax return, instead merely stating that same-sex marriages are not recognized by the
government.
Baker and McConnell contend that the Defense of Marriage Act, which states that
the federal government will not recognize same-sex marriages for purposes of federal law and
was enacted in 1996, is irrelevant to their case and cannot be "retroactively" applied to invalidate
their marriage, which was performed after they secured a license from a city clerk in Mankato,
MN, in the wake of their unsuccessful lawsuit in the Minnesota courts, the first lawsuit seeking a
license for a same-sex marriage.
We suspect, however, that as the case is litigated it is likely
that the issue of DOMA, its applicability and its constitutionality may be drawn into question.
_California_ - San Francisco Superior Court Judge Richard Kramer was assigned by the State
Judicial Council on June 11 to take charge of hearing the five different marriage lawsuits now
pending in the trial courts of the state.
According to a June 12 report in the _San Jose Mercury
News_, Kramer, a Republican, was appointed to bench by Governor Pete Wilson.
Meanwhile,
the California Supreme Court was expected to rule in August on whether San Francisco had
improperly defied state law by issuing marriage licenses back during the winter.
_Florida_ - Florida now has its third lawsuit on the issue of same-sex marriage, brought in West
Palm Beach by two same sex couples: Sheldon Woller and Michael Nagle, and Ruth Berman and
Connie Kurtz.
Both couples went to the county clerk's office seeking a license on June 29 and
were turned down, then returned to the Palm Beach County Clerk's office on July 1 to file their
lawsuit.
The other suits are a large class action filed in Broward County in February by personal
injury lawyer Ellis Rubin, and a suit filed by six couples in Monroe County (Key West) in April
by the National Center for Lesbian Rights and Equality Florida, which could be called the
"official" gay legal movement lawsuit in Florida. _Palm Beach Post_, July 1. * * * According to
a July 9 report in the _Orlando Sentinel_, Mr. Rubin intends to file more lawsuits on behalf of
same-sex partners.
Without revealing the names of his clients, Rubin indicated he would be
filing a lawsuit in Orlando on July 12 on behalf of a gay male couple, and on the same date in
Tampa on behalf of two gay male couples and a lesbian couple.
Rubin said, "We're going where
people want to get married," and indicated that he had other cases pending in several counties.
Florida has a Defense of Marriage Act banning same-sex marriages. "Our lawsuits will claim that
Florida's law is unconstitutional because it makes second-class citizens out of gay couples,"
Rubin told the _Sentinel_.
The anti-gay litigation group, Liberty Counsel, stated that it would
intervene on behalf of the state in each of Rubin's cases.
Liberty Counsel's attempt to intervene
as an "interested party" in Rubin's big Broward County class action suit was rejected by the trial
court, but it is appealing that ruling.
Rubin, who has been practicing law for half a century, told
the newspaper that he was willing to take these cases to the U.S. Supreme Court, asserting, "I
don't file suits unless I think I'm going to win, based on good law and good facts."
_Maryland_ - Another state heard from. . .
On July 7, the American Civil Liberties Union filed
suit in the Baltimore City Circuit Court seeking marriage licenses on behalf of nine same-sex
couples resident in Maryland.
The suit alleges that exclusion of same-sex partners from the right
to marry violates Md. Const. Art. 46's ban on sex discrimination, Art. 24's requirement of equal
protection of the laws and due process of law as sexual orientation discrimination and/or
deprivation of a fundamental right.
The complaint filed in the case devotes much of its attention
to detailed biographies of the couples, showing how they have been disadvantaged,
inconvenienced and in some cases harmed by their inability to marry.
The case is a collaborative
effort between the ACLU Foundation of Maryland the national ACLU Lesbian and Gay Rights
Project.
The named defendants in _Deane v. Conaway_ are the Baltimore city clerk and the
clerks in other Maryland counties where the plaintiffs applied for licenses and were rejected.
_New Mexico_ - The New Mexico Supreme Court agreed to hear arguments stemming from
Sandoval County Clerk Victoria Dunlap's decision to issue marriage licenses to same-sex
couples.
A lower court issued a restraining order against Dunlap after she had issued 66 licenses.
Then the sheriff closed her office on orders from the state attorney general.
Her lawyer appealed
to the Supreme Court, which told the state to file a written response to Dunlap's appeal by July 6.
Dunlap, a Republican, was retiring as county clerk this year, and lost a bid for nomination to a
seat on the county commission.
365Gay.com, June 23.
The Associated Press reported on July 8
that the Supreme Court had unanimously denied Dunlap's request to lift a temporary restraining
order that had been issued to stop her from giving out licenses pending an ultimate determination
on the merits by the Court.
According to the AP report, the Court's action was taken without a
written opinion.
_New York_ - Twenty-five same-sex couples from Ithaca, N.Y., have filed suit against the New
York State Health Department seeking the right to marry.
Ithaca Mayor Carolyn Peterson
announced that the city would join the plaintiffs in arguing for issuance of licenses, even though
for technical reasons the city is being named as a co-defendant in the lawsuit, because the city
clerk has taken the position that licenses cannot be issued without the authorization of the state.
_Gay Wired_, June 3.
_New York_ - The _New York Law Journal_ reported on June 18 that two same-sex couples
who participated in marriage ceremonies held by Unitarian Universalist Minister Sam Trumbore
on March 27 had filed suit on June 16 in Albany County, initiating a proceeding under Article 78
of the Civil Practice Law and Rules to compel the state health department to permit the Albany
City clerk to issue them marriage licenses to retroactively validate their marriages.
Elissa Kane
and Lynne Lekakis, and Robert Barnes and George Jurgsatis, are represented by Albany attorneys
Terence L. Kindlon and Kathy Manley.
They are pointing to a provision of state law that
suggests that marriages performed by an official authorized to perform marriages may be deemed
valid even though the couple did not obtain a valid marriage license, but also making equal
protection arguments as a back-up to their statutory argument.
_North Carolina_ - Two Durham men who had planned to file a lawsuit seeking a marriage
license after they were turned down by the county clerk have decided that the expense of
litigation at this time is beyond them.
Since the national gay litigation groups have not been
targeting North Carolina as a state to contest for marriage at this point, they would have to go it
alone.
Richard Mullinax, Jr., and Perry Pike had filed a lawsuit in District Court late March after
their license application was rejected by Durham County Commissioner of Deeds Willie L.
Covington.
Durham County Attorney Chuck Kitchen filed a motion to dismiss on jurisdictional
grounds, and District Court Judge Craig Brown granted the motion in May, opining that the
matter should have been filed in the Superior Court on grounds of jurisdiction. _Durham Herald
Sun_, June 23.
_Ohio_ - Franklin County Common Pleas Judge Daniel Hogan ruled on May 28 that an anti-
marriage amendment that was submitted for approval prior to circulation of petitions had a
misleading summary statement and could not be circulated.
The amendment, a variation on the
standard wording that is being proposed in several states by voter initiative, goes beyond
forbidding same-sex marriages by forbidding the state to create any legal status for unmarried
individuals.
Judge Hogan found that summary misleading because, according to an Associated
Press report on May 28, "it would be read as denying the moral validity of same-sex relationships
while the amendment is concerned only with their legal validity.
The lawsuit seeking approval of
the proposal was brought by Thom Rankin and Raymond Zander, of Westlake.
_Ohio_ - Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Judge Robert T. Glickman rejected a challenge filed
by Rev. Jimmie Hicks, Jr., a Cleveland Heights councilman who was seeking to invalidate a
domestic partnership registry ordinance that had been enacted in a popular voter initiative.
Hicks
had argued that the city lacked authority to set up such a registry, but Glickman found that it was
within the powers of the municipality.
Hicks vowed to appeal.
As of May 28, 85 couples had
registered since the registry opened for business on January 26.
The measure was passed with
55% of the vote in the gay-friendly suburb. _Associated Press_, May 28.
_Oregon_ - In _Li v. State of Oregon_, 2004 WL 1258167 (Ore., Multnomah Co. Cir. Ct., April
20, 2004), Judge Frank Bearden had ruled that the state must accept for registration the licenses
of same-sex couples who had been married in Multnomah County prior to the issuance of
Bearden's order.
But the Oregon Court of Appeals granted the state a temporary stay of
Bearden's order on June 2, just days before the deadline that Bearden had set, according to a June
5 report in _The Oregonian_.
_Oregon - Multnomah County_ - In _Belgarde v. Linn_, filed May 24 in Multnomah County
Circuit Court, opponents of marriage for same-sex couples sued the county commissioners who
had voted to authorize issuing licenses for such marriages, claiming that public money had been
misspent and the officials should personally have to pay back to the county the expenses incurred
by their actions, including litigation costs.
The suit also seeks an injunction against the county
incurring any future costs for the purposes of allowing same-sex couples to marry.
The lead
plaintiff, Johny Alan Belgarde, is director of the Christian Coalition of Oregon.
_The
Oregonian_, May 25.
An unhappy engaged opposite-sex couple who were turned away when
they sought a marriage license in Benton County - which has declared a moratorium on issuing
licenses until the issue of same-sex marriages is resolved in Oregon - has filed suit against
Benton County.
Orin Nusbaum and Amanda Fanger assert that as Benton County residents they
should not have to travel to a neighboring county in order to get a marriage license.
Said their
lawyer, Chris Dunfield of Corvallis, "It's a matter of principle.
The clerk is required by law to
issue marriage licenses to those who are qualified. _Nusbaum v. Morales_.
Dunfield said that his
clients are not anti-gay or opposed to same-sex marriage. _Corvallis Gazette Times_, June 24.
A.S.L.
Marriage & Partnership Legislative Notes
_Cherokee Nation_ - Ruling after a lesbian couple had filed for a tribal marriage application, the
Cherokee National Tribal Council voted to define marriage as a union between a man and a
woman.
The council approved the measure on June 14.
Prior to this resolution, Cherokee law
stated that "every person" age 18 or older could be married with three exceptions: (1) if they
were already married to somebody, (2) if the applicants were nearer of kin than first cousins, or
(3) if they are insane or idiots.
Using that definition, Kathy Reynolds and Dawn McKinley got
married in May in a Cherokee tribal ceremony at Tulsa, Oklahoma's Mohawk Park, but the tribe
refused to record their marriage, which led them to apply to the council.
The state of Oklahoma
traditionally honors marriages recorded by the Cherokee Nation.
_Advocate_, June 16.
_United States Senate_ - The Republican leadership in the Senate announced in mid-June that it
would attempt to have a vote on the floor of the Senate in mid-July on the proposed Federal
Marriage Amendment, which would prevent states from authorizing same-sex marriages and,
some say, would also seriously endanger non-marital legal statuses, such as civil unions or
domestic partnerships.
As we went to press, the speculation was that the vote would take place
during the week of July 12, shortly before the Democratic National Convention, and that the
affirmative votes would fall short of the 2/3 necessary to recommend a constitutional
amendment.
The purpose of holding the vote would be to force members to go on record with
respect to the amendment in order to make it a campaign issue, and there were fears that some
Democratic incumbents might cave to the pressure based on the perception that the general
public supports the proposed amendment.
_United States House of Representatives_ - House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, a Texas
Republican, told the _Washington Times_ (July 8) that the House will vote on the Federal
Marriage Amendment when it comes back from its August recess.
He also stated that the House
will be considering a bill that would limit federal court jurisdiction over cases involving
marriage.
Under the Constitution, Congress has legislative authority to define the jurisdictional
limits of the lower federal courts.
_United States House_ - U.S. Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D.-N.Y.) has introduced a bill called the
Equal Access to Social Security Act, H.R. 4701, that would extend to same-sex partners the same
right as married couples to benefits and equal treatment under the Social Security Act.
Picking
up language from his own Permanent Partners Immigration bill, Rep. Nadler proposes to add the
phrase "or permanent partner" to all references to spouses in the Social Security Act.
Co-
sponsors at the time the bill was introduced on June 24 included Reps. Baldwin (WI), Frank
(MA), Grijalva (AZ) and Kennedy (RI).
The full text is available through a link on Rep.
Nadler's website.
_U.S. Conference of Mayors_ - Mayors Thomas Menino of Boston, Gavin Newsom of San
Francisco, and Richard Daley of Chicago co-sponsored a resolution presented to the U.S.
Conference of Mayors at a meeting in Boston to oppose the Federal Marriage Amendment.
The
resolution was approved unanimously in committee, but then tabled on a 46-44 vote by the full
conference, and a motion to bring it off the table lost by a vote of 47-45.
Opponents argued that
the conference should only approve resolutions that enjoyed consensus support.
One mayor
speculated that many did not want to be put on the spot of voting for or against such an
amendment, in light of their own re-election campaigns this fall. _Associated Press_, June 28.
_Arkansas_ - According to a July 2 article in the _Arkansas Democrat Gazette_, proponents of a
state constitutional amendment to forbid same-sex marriages have submitted more than double
the petition signatures necessary to put the measure on the ballot on Nov. 2.
The signatures are
subject to verification by the secretary of state.
Organizers of the petition drive claim that about
75% of those who were approached to sign the petitions agreed to do so, and there was no
organized opposition to the petition drive in the state. The ACLU of Arkansas, criticizing the
proposal, opined that it would ban civil unions as well as marriages for same-sex partners.
More
than half a dozen other states will have anti-marriage measures on their ballots this fall.
_California_ - On a vote of 42-27, the California State Assembly voted on June 24 to opposed
the Federal Marriage Amendment.
On the same date, the Assembly voted 41-31 to state its
support for the Permanent Partners Immigration Act, a bill introduced by U.S. Rep. Jerrold
Nadler that would require the immigration authorities to accord spousal status to same-sex
partners of U.S. residents and citizens. _Associated Press_, June 24.
_Louisiana_ - On June 9 the Louisiana Senate voted 31-6 to put before voters this fall a proposed
state constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriages.
The House had previously
approved such a measure, specifying that the vote take place on November 2 during the general
election.
The Senate version calls for a vote on September 18.
A floor vote in the Senate
rejected an amendment to the measure proposed by Sen. Joel Chaisson, a Democrat, that would
have cut it back to addressing only marriages and not civil unions or other forms of legal
recognition.
The date for voting on this has been the only major point of contention within the
legislature, with Democrats preferring the earlier date, and Republicans, hoping to help the
president's re-election campaign, pushing for the general election date in November. _Associated
Press_, June 9.
_Maryland_ - Both Howard County and the city of Hyattsville have announced plans to extend
domestic partner benefits to the partners of public gay employees.
The Hyattsville City Council
voted 9-1 in favor of extending the benefits during the last week of May, and a week earlier
Howard County Executive James N. Robey issued an executive order authorizing the county to
begin issuing such benefits. _Washington Blade_, June 4.
_Michigan_ - Proponents of a state constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriages claimed
to have gathered more than 400,000 signatures to put the measure on the ballot in Michigan this
fall. 317,000 valid signatures are required.
The proposed measure was criticized by local gay
rights groups as likely to roll back benefits and rights that have already been won in the same
state for same-sex couples in several venues, by going beyond outlawing marriage. _Detroit Free
Press_, June 30.
_Missouri_ - The timing of voting on the Missouri anti-marriage amendment has been resolved
in favor of August 3, when a primary election is already scheduled to be held and a referendum is
already on the ballot concerning whether to allow a casino riverboat to operate on the White
River near Branson. _Kansas City Star_, June 26.
_New Jersey_ - The state's new domestic partnership law took effect on July 10, providing that
same-sex and/or elderly unmarried opposite-sex couples who register are entitled to certain state
tax benefits, inheritance rights, hospital visitation and medical decision-making rights, and
protection from discrimination on the basis of their domestic partnership status.
In addition, the
law authorized treatment of domestic partners of state employees as spouses for purposes of state
employee benefit plans, and gave local governments the option to do the same.
According to a
July 9 report in the _New Jersey Law Journal_, at least three towns, Maplewood, South Orange,
and Princeton Borough, had enacted measures authorizing such benefits by the end of June.
_New York_ - The Town of Huntington, on Long Island, established a domestic partnership
registry after a June 1 vote by the town board.
Other towns on Long Island that have established
such registries include East Hampton, Southampton, Southold, and North Hills Village in North
Hempstead.
Although no benefits are directly provided, registered partners can use their
certificates to persuade employers and businesses to recognize their status as domestic partners.
_Newsday_, June 2.
_Oregon_ - While the Oregon courts ponder whether the state constitution requires the state to
allow same-sex couples to marry, opponents of same-sex marriage have taken matters into their
own hands, gathering petition signatures for an initiative measure to amend the state constitution
to ban same-sex marriage.
According to a July 1 report in _The Columbian_, they managed to
get 244,587 signatures, a new record and more than twice the number required. Signatures are
still subject to validation by the secretary of state before their proposal can be certified for the
Nov. 2 ballot.
Basic Rights Oregon, the state's gay rights political organization, announced it
would launch a statewide campaign to defeat the proposed amendment.
Each side announced
plans to spend about $1.5 million on the campaign.
The flood of same-sex marriage amendments
around the country is expected to boost the re-election efforts of George W. Bush by bringing out
many conservative voters who might otherwise have stayed home due to unhappiness with the
large budget deficits produced by the Bush Administration. A.S.L.
Marriage Partnership Law & Policy Notes
_Federal Tax Policy_ - A conservative group, calling itself Public Advocate of the United States,
sought an opinion letter from the Internal Revenue Service on whether same-sex couples who get
married can file joint tax returns.
As expected, the I.R.S. responded, in writing, that only
"married individuals" as defined in the federal Defense of Marriage Act "could elect to file a
joint return." Said the IRS, "Even though a state may recognize a union of two people of the
same sex as a legal marriage for the purposes within that state's authority, that recognition has no
effect for purposes of federal law.
A taxpayer in such a relationship may not claim the status of a
married person on the federal income tax return."
Public Advocate hailed this as a "victory for
the American family," according to a June 14 UPI story.
What a transparent set-up. . .
Of
course, this will create significant complications for those who have been legally married in
Canada or Massachusetts.
Massachusetts, like most states, requires its taxpayers to fill out their
forms by reference to their federal forms, so the lack of conformity is likely to generate confusion
unless Massachusetts prepares special forms for same-sex married couples.
_Economic Impact_ - A study by the Congressional Budget Office, the non-partisan agency
established by Congress to generate empirical evidence for use in the legislative process,
determined that allowing same-sex partners in the United States to marry would save the federal
government almost $1 billion a year.
Most of the savings would come from the so-called
"marriage penalty" contained in federal tax law, which results in net higher taxes from two-
income couples where the income of the individual members of the couples were in lower
brackets but their aggregate income would raise them to a higher bracket.
The study showed
about $400 million in additional tax revenue, combined with a drop in spending on various social
welfare benefits where combined couple income would disqualify potential recipients whose
individual income (or lack of income) would qualify them for benefits.
In a press release
announcing the CBO study results, the Williams Project from UCLA Law School observed that
the results paralleled its own study undertaken in California, which had determined that the state
would enjoy net savings of $22-25 million a year if same-sex partners could marry under state
law.
_Corporate Response - Continental Airlines_ - Continental Airlines, known in the industry for its
gay-friendly policies, has apparently drawn a line based on federal tax policy in deciding what to
do about recognizing same-sex marriages among its retirees.
The _Houston Chronicle_ (July 4)
reports that Continental has refused to let a David Lee, retired employee share his travel benefits
with, Daniel Vaillancourt, his same-sex partner, even though they have now married.
Lee and
Vaillancourt met in 1998 and have been domestic partners since then.
They married in Ontario,
Canada, in April 2004.
Continental's stated reason for refusing: the I.R.S. does not recognize
same-sex marriages, and the benefit is part of a plan governed by ERISA.
Continental fears
losing the privileged federal tax status of its ERISA plan if it extends coverage to same-sex
partners, since the tax provisions limit the range of people who may benefit from ERISA-
qualified employee benefit plans.
Plausible legal argument.
Memo to Rep. Nadler: It's not
enough to do a partnership amendment to Social Security and the Immigration laws, we also need
a partnership amendment for the Internal Revenue Code.
And while we're at it, how about
repealing DOMA? * * * The _Boston Herald_ reported on June 25 that an Aon survey of major
corporations showed that 40% of human resources officials at 216 large companies had stated
they would reject any request by employees for health benefits for same-sex spouses, but another
28% said they had not yet formulated a position on the question, while a third of the companies
indicated a positive response.
ERISA was cited by many as a barrier with respect to any
retirement benefits recognition for same-sex couples, but most experts said that employers had
much more leeway with respect to health benefits. * * * Lambda Legal reported in a July 6 press
release that it had secured commitments from the three leading auto insurers in New York State
that they will honor legal marriages of same-sex couples performed in other jurisdictions.
At
present, same-sex couples cannot marry in New York.
Lambda encountered a situation where
one of the insurance companies was inconsistent in its treatment of Lambda staff members who
had married in Canada.
Allstate, State Farm, and Geico, the top three underwriters of auto
insurance in New York, have all responded affirmatively to Lambda.
_Professional Opposition to Marriage Amendment_ - The Philadelphia Bar Association
announced in a June 29 press release that its Board of Governors has unanimously passed a
resolution opposing enactment of the proposed Federal Marriage Amendment, arguing that it
would "usurp the power of the states to interpret their own constitutions." While not taking a
position on the merits of same-sex marriage, the Association stated its opposition to any federal
measure that would restrict the right of the states to determine for themselves what the
qualifications should be for civil marriage.
_Partner Benefits in Higher Education_ - Miami University and the University of Ohio have both
announced that they will being to provide health benefits to same-sex partners of faculty and
staff.
Miami, located in Oxford, Ohio, and Ohio University, in Athens, Ohio, also indicated that
various other benefits normally accorded to employee spouses will also be given to same-sex
partners. _365Gay.com_, June 29.
_Consequences of Marriage_ - Now that same-sex partners in Massachusetts can get married,
should local employers continue to provide benefits to unmarried domestic partners of their
employees?
No, said Mayor Charles Ryan of Springfield, who has notified the city clerk that he
has rescinded prior executive orders allowing domestic partners to participate in the city's health
insurance program, according to an Associated Press report.
Ryan is giving those who already
participate in the program a 90 day grace period within which to get married if they want to
continue receiving the benefits.
Inquiries by reporters showed that several large employers in the
state were planning to rescind domestic partnership programs by the end of 2004, but that others
had decided to continue the programs for now.
One of the most prestigious employers, Harvard
University, was taking a wait-and-see attitude, continuing benefits for now but planning to revisit
the matter when the dust settles on the initial surge of same-sex marriages. A.S.L.
Federal Court Orders Disability Benefits for Disabled Transsexual
Decisively rejecting the decision of a Social Security Administrative Law Judge, U.S. Senior
District Judge Jack B. Weinstein ruled in _Manago v. Barnhart_, 2004 WL 1368387 (E.D.N.Y.,
June 18, 2004), that Joseph (a/k/a Joanna) Manago was entitled to disability benefits dating back
to 1990 based on substantial evidence that at least that early Manago's was disabled from
working by gender dysphoria.
The administrative judge had ruled that the earliest time from
which Manago had been disabled occurred after she was no longer eligible for Social Security
Disability benefits due to her cessation of work in 1986.
Judge Weinstein observed at the outset of his opinion that "the case arises at a time when legal
protections for transsexuals are being expanded," and went on to list a series of federal and state
court decisions and recent legislative enactments.
This was superfluous, however, since, as the
judge observed, the case actually presented the rather narrow factual question of when Manago's
disability began, nobody contesting that based on the medical evidence presented by the ALJ,
Manago is disabled.
According to Weinstein's opinion, Manago had worked as a high school and college biology
teacher.
Manago, born male, had begun to experience depression related to gender identity
problems between the ages of 5 and 7, and that these problems grew until by late 1986, Manago
"could not concentrate, experienced insomnia, could not bear the male identity, and eventually
stopped working because it was too painful to wear men's clothes to work.
Thereafter, claimant
went into a depression and stayed at home." Despite this, Manago married a woman in 1987 and
had two children.
Sometime early in the marriage, Manago revealed his gender identity issues to
his wife.
In 1990, Manago "began dressing full time in women's clothing" and the Managos
separate in 1994.
At the hearing before the ALJ, Manago's ex-wife testified in support of
Manago's description of the emotional problems Manago experienced during the relevant time
period, and confirmed that Manago had no money to seek professional help, having ceased work.
By the early 1990s, through the intervention of the Gay & Lesbian Community Service Center in
N.Y., Manago began to receive psychiatric assistance.
The earliest records of actual treatment
date from the early 1990s, although based on their evaluations of Manago, the expert
psychiatrists testified that he would have been disabled due to his psychological condition from
some time in the late 1980s onward.
The ALJ, taking a tight approach to the regulations, found that there was no expert medical
evidence proving that Manago was disabled when he ceased working or at any time prior to his
eventual commencement of treatment in the 1990s. The problem this posed was that Manago's
eligibility for Social Security Disability Benefits hinged on his work record, and formally ran out
prior to the time identified by the ALJ as the earliest date of disability.
Judge Weinstein
disagreed with this finding, pointing to record evidence from testifying experts, Manago's ex-
wife, and Manago himself that the disabling problems began in the 1980s, prior to the expiration
of eligiblity.
The regulations make clear that a determination of disability may not be predicated
solely on the claimant's subjective testimony, but Weinstein found that there was sufficient
evidence apart from Manago's testimony to confirm an earlier starting point for his disability,
even though it could not be precisely dated.
In any event, having accepted the proposition that Manago's disability began before his eligibility
had run out, Weinstein concluded that pinpointing the actual date was not necessary so there was
no need to remand for a new factual determination on that score.
The remand in the case is for
the sole purpose of calculating benefits due to Manago.
For this purpose, Weinstein found that
the disability had commenced at least as early as March 14, 1990, the latest date within Manago's
eligibility period for which there was sufficient evidence.
A.S.L.
Tennessee Appeals Court Affirms Sentence Stemming From Internet "Hook-up" Murder
It was one of those middle-of-the-night hookups arranged on-line.
Jon Brewbaker, a thirtyish
closeted ex-police officer, made a date to meet Jonathan Shanks, an out gay 20 year old
community college student, at the Boat Dock in Charleston, Tennessee.
It ended in disaster for
both men, Shanks dead from bullets in the back, chest and face, Brewbaker, his life in ruins,
sentenced to twenty-three years in the Tennessee prison system for second-degree murder.
The
prison sentence was unanimously upheld by the Tennessee Court of Criminal Appeals on June 18
in _State of Tennessee v. Brewbaker_, 2004 WL 1372836, in an opinion by Judge David H.
Welles.
Because Shanks died at the scene on October 17, 2002, the story presented to the court by the
prosecutor at Brewbaker's sentencing hearing after he pled guilty was patched together from
Brewbaker's statements to the police, testimony by family members of both men, and forensic
evidence from the autopsy.
According to Shanks' mother, however, the police botched the
investigation and failed to uncover a more serious case of kidnapping and intentional murder.
According to Brewbaker's account, the men met at the Charleston Boat Dock.
Shanks parked his
car there and went with Brewbaker to his home in nearby Athens.
The men had sex, with
Brewbaker performing oral sex on Shanks.
Afterwards, Shanks confessed to Brewbaker that he
suffered from genital warts.
Brewbaker flew off the handle and a fight ensued, with Shanks cutting
his head when he "hit the window."
The fight stopped and Brewbaker agreed to bring Shanks
back to his car.
When they arrived back at the Boat Dock, Shanks grabbed Brewbaker's pager as
he got out of the car and told him that he was going to report Brewbaker to the police and accuse
him of rape.
Brewbaker reached into his glove compartment, took out his revolver, and shot
Shanks in the back. After Shanks fell, Brewbaker got out of the car and shot him again in the chest
and the face.
The closeted Brewbaker told the police that he killed Shanks "to prevent his family
and friends from discovering his homosexual lifestyle."
Autopsy evidence showed that the first shot would have caused Shanks's death because it passed
through the spinal cord and a lung.
The second shot, in the chest, would also have been fatal by
itself.
Judge Welles wrote that testimony from Shanks's family confirmed that he suffered from
genital warts.
In a telephone interview with _Gay City News_ published on June 24, however,
Shanks' mother said that he had been treated for and cured of the warts.
She also said that his
wrists showed signs of having been restrained in handcuffs, suggesting to her that this may have
been a kidnapping.
Testimony from defendant Brewbaker's older sister indicated he had a troubled childhood,
including physical and mental abuse by a stepfather, and an aunt testified that he was known to
have a short temper.
According to employment records, Brewbaker also had a very unstable
employment history, having had 17 different jobs over the previous ten years, most for only a few
months.
Brewbaker agreed to plead guilty to a charge of second degree murder, which carries a sentencing
range of fifteen to twenty-five years in Tennessee, so the only issue to be decided by Bradley
County Criminal Court Judge Carroll L. Ross was the length of his prison sentence.
Ross decided
that any mitigating factors based on Brewbaker's past or the situation were taken care of by the
prosecutor's agreeing not to press for first-degree murder.
Under Tennessee law, the use of a
firearm during a crime is an enhancement factor.
Taking that into account, Judge Ross sentenced
Brewbaker to twenty-three years, on the higher end of the range.
In her telephone interview,
Shanks' mother argued that the prosecution should have charged first degree murder and gone to
trial rather than negotiate a plea.
In appealing his sentence, Brewbaker argued that Judge Ross did not take adequate account of the
provocations that led him to do what he did: Shanks confessing, after fellatio, that he had genital
warts, and then threatening to report Brewbaker, a closeted man, to the police.
According to the
hearing record, Judge Ross had stated, "I don't think the proof here shows anything that would be
subject to finding a mitigation factor based on any provocation here.
And I base that specifically
on the fact that we had in effect two separate assaults here.
Unfortunately, the second one resulted
in evidently the death of the victim. It's clear he took the victim back from his residence in Athens
back to the boat dock in Charleston. . .
And I don't think anything that happened there would
serve as any kind of provocation.
It's clear at that point they were probably upset at each other,
and they may have had reason to be upset with each other for what each other had said or done or
whatever, but they had no reason to shoot one another, either one of them, for that matter."
Appellate Judge Welles agreed with this conclusion. "Nothing the victim did or said constituted
strong provocation," he asserted, and, "even if the Defendant had been acting under provocation
initially, said provocation was in no way sufficient to justify him getting out of his vehicle and
shooting the victim, who lay helpless and wounded on the ground, twice more.
The trial court did
not err by declining to award mitigation on this basis." In a criminal case of this sort, the kind of
provocation necessary to be a defense in a case involving deadly force would normally have to be
such as to create a situation where the defendant had reason to fear serious injury or death to
himself.
The psychological trauma of being outed to his family or having to deal with the police
about a fist-fight would not be enough to justify the resort to deadly force.
A.S.L.
Divided Armed Forces Appeals Court Partially Reverses Conviction of Gay Lieutenant
A divided panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces partially reversed the court
martial conviction of Lt. Patrick L. Simmons of the Army, finding it tainted by the improper
admission of a letter whose discovery resulted from a search in violation of the 4th Amendment
by non-military police. _United States v. Simmons_, 59 M.J. 485, 2004 WL 1205724 (June 1,
2004).
Simmons was convicted of assault consummated by a battery and of conduct unbecoming
an officer and gentleman.
The latter specification was in two parts; one for having a sexual
relationship with a subordinate (who happened also to be male), and another for sharing private
quarters with an enlisted man in a close, personal relationship.
The case stems from an incident in which civilian police were called to Lt. Simmons' off-post
apartment where they found PFC W lying in a pool of blood.
Simmons was arrested and a search
of the apartment carried out for weapons.
At a later point, with Simmons gone, an investigator
for the police department arrived and conducted his own search, even though he had been
informed that the prior search did not turn up contraband or weapons.
This investigator
discovered a folder in a closed cabinet containing letters in which Simmons described his
homosexual relationships with PFC W, who had been using a bedroom in Simmons' apartment.
At the subsequent court martial, this letter, and a videotape of an interview between Simmons
and the investigator stemming from the finding of the letter, were introduced in evidence over
Simmons' objection that they were found in violation of his 4th Amendment rights through an
improper search.
The prosecution relied heavily on the letter and interview to establish the
improper relationship, the sexual relationship, and the motivation for Simmons' beating up PFC
W.
Simmons had argued that he acted in self-defense when he was attacked by PFC W, a claim
carrying some corroboration from testimony by another soldier who had been accompanying PFC
W on that occasion and who was the one who called the police.
The appeals court was divided over how to handle the case.
Four of the five judges agreed that
the 4th Amendment had been violated, but the issue of whether the introduction of the letter and
interview tape were "harmless" error was the main point of disagreement.
A majority of the
court concluded that the error was harmless with respect to a portion of the "officer and a
gentleman" conviction because there was plenty of independent evidence, including Simmons'
own admissions during questioning and during his testimony, to the fact of an improper close
personal relationship with PFC W including allowing the enlisted man to sleep in an officer's
private apartment on a regular basis, but the court concluded that admission of this evidence was
not harmless with respect to the other aspects of the conviction, especially as to the central
credibility issue between Simmons and PFC W concerning how their fight got started and who
did what to whom.
A partial concurrence from one judge would have gone further in overturning
all of the court martial conviction; a dissent by the chief judge would have found the letter and
interview admissible, finding the search reasonable under the circumstances.
A.S.L.
Federal Civil Litigation Notes
_10th Circuit Court of Appeals_ - A unanimous 10th Circuit panel has affirmed a Utah federal
district court decision that a man, identified in court papers as D.L.S., lacks standing to seek a
declaratory judgment invalidating the Utah sodomy law. _D.L.S. v. State_, 2004 WL 1510020
(July 7, 2004).
D.L.S. alleges that he and his girlfriend have engaged in conduct prohibited by
the state's sodomy law, but fear continuing to do so because they risk prosecution.
In support of
his purported standing, D.L.S. cited a prosecution of another man under the sodomy law.
In an
opinion for the panel affirming dismissal of the case, Circuit Judge Michael McConnell observed
that the prosecution cited by D.L.S. involved rape charges and an underage woman, and pre-
dated the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in _Lawrence v. Texas_.
Even if D.L.S. could credibly
alleged that Utah prosecutors remain committed to enforcing the sodomy law, in order to show
that he has a genuine fear of prosecution, McConnell suggested that _Lawrence_ would
discourage the prosecutors from going after anybody for consensual, private adult sexual
behavior.
D.L.S. was represented on the appeal by the Utah Legal Clinic in Salt Lake City.
_9th Circuit Court of Appeals_ - A unanimous three judge panel of the 9th Circuit issued an
unpublished decision on May 24, 2004, affirming the Board of Immigration Appeals' refusal of
asylum to a gay man from China. _Lin v. Ashcroft_, 2004 WL 1153699.
According to the
unsigned memorandum opinion, the case went off on the Immigration Judge's credibility
determination.
She found enough discrepancies in Lin's story about his sole homosexuality
relationship to lead her to doubt the veracity of the story.
Lin claimed that as a result of this one
relationship in 1998, he had been beaten by police, lost his job, and encouraged by his parents to
leave China, but he gave contradictory accounts of the details of the relationship, including when
and where he had last seen Xhu Yu San, his alleged partner.
This was sufficient to sink his
asylum petition.
The three-judge panel consisted of Circuit Judges McKeown and Bybee and
N.D. Cal. District Judge Breyer, sitting by designation.
_7th Circuit Court of Appeals_ - Usually, federal courts are quick to find a basis for dismissing
discrimination claims, or granting summary judgment to employers, but that is not the case when
the plaintiff is claiming religious discrimination by a gay or lesbian supervisor, apparently, to
judge by the rather solicitous unpublished, unsigned order issued by a 7th Circuit panel in
_Firestine v. Parkview Health System, Inc._, 2004 WL 1303405 (June 10, 2004).
Cynthia
Firestine often talked about her conversion to Catholicism in the workplace, and noted that her
comments drew disparaging remarks or gestures from other workers, including her immediate
supervisor, Janette Bowers.
Shortly after the issue came up, Firestine learned from another
employee that Bowers was a lesbian.
Firestine then told Bowers that she, Firestine, could not
condone gay lifestyles because of her religious beliefs, but this did not affect her friendship with
Bowers. . . until Bowers performed her next written evaluation of Firestine and, although giving
her a higher numerical score than she had received from her previous supervisor, included some
written comments suggesting that Firestine needed to improve her awareness of patient
confidentiality concerns and maintaining an appropriate manner in patient areas.
Firestine
became distraught at this evaluation, thinking it would doom her advancement, and complained
to management.
She had such an emotional reaction that her psychiatrist suggests a two week
leave.
During this time, Firestine told another employee over the phone that she thought the
adverse comments were due to her religious beliefs and the comments she'd made to Bowers
about sexual orientation.
After the leave, Firestine was told by Human Resources not to report to
her old job, from which she was relieved, and to get help within the company in finding a new
position.
When nothing turned up that she considered comparable, she ended up finding work
outside the company and filed a Title VII religious discrimination and retaliation case, which the
district court found to be without merit, granting summary judgment.
The 7th Circuit panel
reversed, finding material facts in dispute, especially concerning the company's contention that
Bowers' comments in the evaluation were merited.
_Illinois_
- In _Howell v. North Central College_, 2004 WL 1240884 (N.D. Ill., Eastern Div.,
June 2, 2004), Magistrate Judge Bobrick rejected an attempt by Danielle Howell to amend her
discrimination claim against the college to add claims of retaliation and breach of contract to
already dismissed claims of sex discrimination in violation of Title IX and 42 USC 1983.
Howell, openly heterosexual, claims she was ostracized off the women's swim team because of
her stated opposition to homosexuality.
After a detailed review of the sex discrimination
caselaw, Magistrate Bobrick concluded that in the 7th Circuit, sexual orientation discrimination
claims are not actionable as sex discrimination unless the motivation for discrimination or
harassment is gender non-conformity.
While noting the difficulty sometimes of drawing the line
where sex discrimination crosses over to sexual orientation discrimination in the case law, the
judge found this case rather clearly fell on the sexual orientation side of the line, and that
allowing an amended complaint consisting of a retaliation charge and a breach of contract charge
(the school's published policies forbid both sex and sexual orientation discrimination) would be
futile, since the retaliation charge would fail and the contract charge, based solely on state law,
would then be dismissed under the practice of declining to extend jurisdiction over state law
claims when the federal claims have fallen from the case.
The opinion includes a fascinating
discussion of the complicated caselaw developed mainly under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
by 7th Circuit appeals and district courts trying to sort out the difficulties of dealing with
workplace misconduct under an incomplete statutory scheme.
_Maine_ - On July 2, U.S. Magistrate Judge Cohen issued a ruling on the permissibility of
questions about the sexual practices of A.W., a gay man who had brought a same-sex workplace
harassment suit under the federal civil rights act in _A.W. v. I.B. Corp._, 2004 WL 1516829 (D.
Maine).
Magistrate Cohen explained that he used the parties' initials in the opinion due to "the
sensitive nature of the matters discussed herein." A.W. alleged that a male co-worker, P.T.,
created a hostile environment by constant unwanted physical contact of a sexual nature with
A.W., including grabbing his buttocks or groin, rubbing his groin into A.W.'s buttocks, dropping
his pants and "on one occasion shoving his hands into A.W.'s shorts and grabbing his penis and
buttocks." A.W. alleges emotional distress and the need for professional counseling as a result of
being subjected to this conduct.
During his deposition, A.W.'s counsel instructed him several
times not to answer various questions about his own sexual history and practices, and the dispute
over what could be asked led to this ruling by the magistrate.
After reviewing federal rules and
law on relevancy requirements during the discovery process, the magistrate ruled on individual
objections, mainly sustaining plaintiff's objections, especially as to questions about his sexual
experiences before coming to work at I.B. Corp., and in the end the magistrate imposed certain
limits on subject matter for the resumed questioning.
The details are too extensive to repeat here;
suffice to say that this opinion may prove useful to counsel who are representing plaintiffs or
defendants in same-sex hostile environment cases, for its discussion of relevancy issues with
respect to the merits and damages of various kinds of subject matter for discovery.
_New Jersey_ - District Judge Jose L. Linares ruled on June 3 in _C.N. v. Ridgewood Board of
Education_, 2004 WL 1211895 (D.N.J.), that a wide-ranging survey on attitudes and experienced
administered on a voluntary and anonymous basis to students in the Ridgewood public schools
did not violate any constitutional rights of the parents and students.
The court granted summary
judgment to the defendants after the conclusion of discovery on remand from the 3rd Circuit,
which had partially reversed a prior dismissal order on the ground that the plaintiffs were entitled
to have some discovery in their attempt to uncover the details of how the survey was devised and
administered.
Among other things, the survey asked students to describe their sexual experiences
and orientation.
_New York_ - Another judge has expressed doubt on whether it is still defamatory per se to
falsely call somebody gay.
In _Lewittes v. Cohen_, NYLJ, 6/4/2004, U.S. District Judge Charles
Haight (S.D.N.Y.), after dismissing a defamation claim as untimely, comments, after finding that
the plaintiff's allegations would have been sufficient to raise the defamation issue: "It does not
necessarily follow from this, however, that an implication of homosexuality is defamatory." After
noting that federal and state courts have repeatedly applied the defamation per se doctrine under
N.Y. tort law to false imputations of homosexuality, Haight observed: "Given welcome shifts in
social perceptions of homosexuality, however, there is good reason to question the reliability of
these precedents." Haight then cites several law review articles that call for abandoning the per se
defamation approach to homosexuality.
_Ohio_ - In _Lundy v. General Motors Corp._, 2004 WL 1262134 (6th Cir., June 4, 2004) (not
officially published), affirming a grant of summary judgment, the court found, among other
things, that incidents of harassment of a male employee on account of perceived homosexual
orientation could not be the basis of a discrimination claim under Ohio civil rights law or Title
VII, because sexual orientation discrimination is not covered under those statutes.
The court
noted in passing that Mr. Lundy had not alleged that he suffered harassment because he was
male.
_Oregon_ - In a belatedly published decision from last year, U.S. District Judge Brown ruled in
_Fischer v. City of Portland_, 2003 WL 23537982 (Nov. 18, 2003), that plaintiff Loraine Fischer,
who alleged that she encountered hostile environment harassment in a public workplace after
disclosing that she had a female domestic partner, had stated an equal protection claim under 42
U.S.C. sec. 1983, and should be allowed to amend her Title VII sexual harassment claim to that
effect.
However, Judge Brown granted the city's motion to dismiss Fischer's 14th Amendment
intimate association claim, finding that the claim of an implied constitutional right should yield
to the textually-based equal protection claim arising from the same set of facts.
In reaching its
conclusion, the court relied in part on the Supreme Court's ruling in _Lawrence v. Texas_ to
located the intimate association claim in the 14th Amendment rather than the 1st Amendment,
which was a point of contention between the parties.
_Oregon_ - In another belatedly published decision, _Dier v. City of Hillsboro_, 2004 WL
1243845 (March 18, 2004), U.S. District Court Judge Brown found that lesbian probationary
police officer Amy Dier had stated potentially valid claims of common law wrongful discharge
and intentional infliction of emotional distress against the city, stemming from her discharge
allegedly as a result of her complaints about the repeated homophobic acts of a superior officer,
one Sergeant Hess, professedly anti-gay, whose attitudes towards gay people and women were
amply documented in an investigative report commissioned by the police chief after he had
approved the termination of Dier's employment.
The ruling leaves open some interesting
jurisdictional issues.
Dier named only the city, not individual police officials, in her federal
complaint, which was largely premised on 42 USC sections 1981,1983 and 1985.
Having found
that precedent precludes the use of those federal provisions to bring civil rights actions against a
municipality on a respondeat superior theory, and finding that the municipality itself maintains
non-discrimination policies, the court granted the city's motion for summary judgment on the
federal claims, but denied the motion on the state law discharge and emotional distress claims.
Normally, courts would dismiss such claims as well on jurisdictional grounds once the federal
claims were out of the case, but the court does not discuss that option in this opinion.
Perhaps
the court is retaining jurisdiction due to the extraordinary documentation of a hostile
environment for women and lesbians in the police department due to Sgt. Hess's behavior.
_Wisconsin_ - The _Capital Times & Wisconsin State Journal_ reported on July 8 that U.S.
District Judge John Shabaz had upheld the authority of the Madison, Wisconsin, police
department to require the removal of anti-gay banners that had been hung on pedestrian
overpasses of public roads at the direction of the Rev. Ralph Ovadal.
Three times last fall, Rev.
Ovadal was requested by police officers to remove banners stating "Homosexuality is a sin" or
face arrest for disorderly conduct.
Ovadal brought an action seeking a court order against the
police interfering with his First Amendment speech rights, but Shabaz concluded that the order
Ovadal sought was too broad: "The court won't restrain the police from reacting to legitimate
hazards to public safety," he wrote. "I'm not convinced police attempted to silence demonstrators
due to what the message conveyed but for safety reasons," he continued, "which even Mr. Ovadal
recognizes as appropriate." Officers had actually suggested that Ovadal move his banners to
locations where they would have less impact on traffic, but this was, of course, the opposite of
what he desired.
Ovadal used to put up anti-gay billboard posters, but the billboard companies
have refused to rent to him due to the flack they incurred from protesters and government
officials.
Ovadal's attorney said that this denial of preliminary relief was not the end of the case,
which he will take to a full hearing and appeal if necessary. A.S.L.
State Civil Litigation Notes
_Arizona_ - Applying routine principles of statutory construction, a panel of the Arizona Court
of Appeals, Division 1, ruled 2-1 in _Riepe v. Riepe_, 91 P.3d 312 (May 25, 2004, amended June
29, 2004), that after the death of a child's remarried father, the surviving stepmother who has
formed a parental relationship with the child can petition for court-ordered visitation rights over
the protest of the child's natural mother who had joint custody with the father.
What seems like
a routine case drew a long, impassioned dissenting opinion from Judge Daniel Barker, who
claimed that the court's approach to interpreting the relevant statute would open up the door to
gay partners of natural parents being able to seek visitation rights (something they routinely do
and are routinely granted in many other states, albeit not all), and in fact would violate the natural
parent's constitutional right to exclude third parties from contact with their children.
Barker's
dissent to the original May 25 decision brought extensive rebuttal from Judge Ann A. Scott
Timmer in an amended decision issued on June 29.
Timmer asserted that Barker erred in
claiming that the court was inappropriately construing the statute, and that his argument should
be with the legislature, not the court, concerning possible interpretations to which the statutory
language could be put.
_California_ - The California Supreme Court has agreed to review the court of appeal decision
that had rejected a discrimination claim by B. Birgit Koebke and Kendall French against a San
Diego country club that refused to accord them the same access as is extended to married
couples. _Koebke v. Bernando Heights Country Club_, 10 Cal. Rptr. 3d 757 (Cal. App. 4th Dist.,
Div. I, March 8, 2004), rev. granted, June 9, 2004.
The court of appeal ruled that this was marital
status discrimination, but that such discrimination is not covered by the state's public
accommodation discrimination law, known as the Unruh Act.
In the past, the Supreme Court has
given the Unruh Act a broad interpretation to prohibit kinds of discrimination analogous to the
types listed in the statute; for many years, that was the basis for finding sexual orientation
discrimination by places of public accommodation to be unlawful.
The high court has never
previously considered whether marital status discrimination should be given the same coverage
under the statute. _San Francisco Chronicle_, June 10.
_Kansas_ - Taking a second bite of the apple when it refrained from the first bite, the Kansas
Supreme Court has agreed to review the state Court of Appeals' decision in _State v. Limon_, 83
P.3d 229 (Jan. 30, 2004).
Limon was sentenced to seventeen years in prison for having
consensual sex with a fellow-teenage boy; at the time, Limon had just turned 18 and the other
boy was just under 15.
Under Kansas law, that is statutory homosexual rape.
If Limon and his
partner had been of the opposite sex, the case would have been treated as significantly less
serious, drawing a comparatively light sentence.
Represented by the ACLU's Lesbian and Gay
Rights Project, Limon appealed his sentence to the Court of Appeals on equal protection
grounds, but that court affirmed, citing _Bowers v. Hardwick_, and the Kansas Supreme Court
denied review.
Limon then petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court, which vacated the court of
appeals decision and remanded for reconsideration in light of _Lawrence v. Texas_.
The court of
appeals majority was not fazed by this initial repudiation of their decision and reaffirmed it,
narrowly viewing _Lawrence_ as basically confined to its facts, which involved consensual adult
sex and having nothing to do with equal protection.
A dissenter found the majority opinion to be
incredible.
Now, at last, the Kansas Supreme Court will take a look at the case, according to an
announcement on May 25.
Meanwhile, Limon has already served more than four years in prison,
a term already several times longer than the maximum sentence that would have been imposed in
an opposite-sex case.
_Kentucky_ - The Kentucky Court of Appeals will consider whether annulment or divorce is the
appropriate method to end a marriage when the husband undergoes a sex-change after having
fathered several children with the wife.
According to a June 28 article in the _Lexington Herald
Leader_, the case of _Spina v. Spina_ presents a rather unusual set of facts and possible
motivations.
Paul and Sharon Spina married 22 years ago and had two children.
Paul married
into money; Sharon's family owned nine auto dealerships, and Paul worked for the family
business.
He had a falling out with Sharon's father in 1999 and left the company.
Within a few
years, he had decided to act on feelings he had experience since early childhood and began
gender reassignment, having surgery in May 2003, adopting a new first name, Paula, and having
the sex designation changed on her passport and driver's license.
This was accompanied by the
breakdown of the Spina marriage, Sharon and the teenage children having relocated to British
Columbia in 2001.
Sharon says the children want no communication with Paula.
Sharon
petitioned for annulment, arguing the marriage was fraudulent from the outset since Paula knew
that she was psychologically female, and thus it was an unlawful "same-sex" marriage.
Paula
argued to the contrary, pointing out that as Paul he had fathered two children in the marriage, and
that the validity of a marriage is determined at the time it begins, not retrospectively after more
than two decades.
On April 28, Jefferson County Family Court Judge Eleanore Garber dismissed
Sharon's petition, saying that she could not find any instance in published court opinions in
which a court had annulled a long marriage that had produced children on the ground of a
subsequent sex-change operation.
Sharon is appealing.
Much turns on the outcome, since the
method of dissolution may significantly affect substantial assets.
Among Sharon's charges are
that Paul married her for her money.
In two lawsuits filed this month, Paula Spina claims that his
inlaws are refusing to pay dividends due on company stock and are improperly giving away
assets in a land partnership in which she has an ownership interest.
And all this in Louisville. . .
Who knew?
_Nevada_ - The _Law Vegas Review-Journal_ (June 17) reported that the ACLU of Nevada filed
suit on behalf of gay businessman Don Troxel against World Entertainment Centers, the present
owner of Neonopolis, a struggling downtown shopping mall, claiming unlawful discrimination in
Neonopolis's denial of a lease to operate a drag-themed nightclub on the premises.
According to
the news report, the man who was then general manager of Neonopolis told Troxel he was turned
down because the owners were "uncomfortable hosting a business that would cater to a largely
homosexual audience" (quotation from the news source, not from the general manager).
Nevada
has a statute outlawing sexual orientation discrimination in employment, but we can find no
reference to a legal prohibition on discrimination involving commercial leasing.
The legal theory
of the case is unclear from the newspaper account, but perhaps hinges on the large amount of
government subsidy that has been given to Neonopolis, which has had difficulty finding paying
commercial tenants.
_New York_ - The N.Y. Appellate Division, 1st Department, reversing a ruling by Acting
Supreme Court Justice Louis B. York, has ordered the closure of the Wall Street Sauna, a gay
bathhouse in the lower Manhattan financial district, on grounds that the proprietors were
allowing high risk sexual activity to take place on the premises.
The decision was announced
late on July 8 and noted in a brief news story in the _New York Law Journal_ on July 9, but the
court's written opinion in _City of New York v. Wall Street Sauna_ was not yet available as we
went to press.
_New York_ - In _Galvin v. Hinkle_, NYLJ, 7/6/04 (N.Y. Supreme Ct., N.Y. Co.), Justice Joan
Madden ruled that the normal psychologist-client privilege applied to a situation where one
member of a male domestic-partnership sought to depose a psychologist who had provided
counseling to the couple, in order to elicit contradictions between statements made by his former
partner to the psychologists and statements he made during his deposition concerning the terms
of the parties' understanding concerning real property ownership rights now in dispute due to the
break-up.
Justice Madden found that the privilege applies even though both men were present at
the counseling sessions, finding that New York courts have consistently found the privilege to
apply even in such circumstances.
She also opined that the sexual orientation of the men and the
fact that this is a property dispute stemming from the break-up of a domestic partnership were
irrelevant to the issue of privilege that she had to decide in ruling on the plaintiff's motion to
compel the psychologist to submit to a deposition.
_Ohio_ - The Court of Appeals of Ohio, 11th District, affirmed the Portage County Probate
Court's denial of a proposed name-change _In the Matter of Name Change of Michael Sean
Whitacre_, 2004-Ohio-2926, 2004 WL 1238603 (June 4, 2004) (not reported in N.E.2d).
Whitacre, a gay man who was released on probation from a prison sentence for "gross sexual
imposition," stated that he wanted a name change in order to start a new life after prison and to
have the same surname of his "life long partner." Whitacre relied on a prior Ohio appellate
ruling, granting a name change for a same-sex couple to have the same surname, but the court, in
an opinion by Judge Diane V. Grendell, found this case distinguishable due to the requirement of
Ohio law that sex offenders on probation register with local authorities.
Review of the Probate
Court's decision is based on an abuse of discretion standard, and the appeals court found no
abuse of discretion when the registration requirement was taken into account, finding that a
name-change could defeat the purpose of registration.
_Pennsylvania_ - According to the _Allentown Morning Call_ (June 15), Lehigh
County Common Pleas Judge Alan M. Black ruled on June 14 that the city of Allentown
exceeded its legislative authority when it enacted an ordinance banning discrimination in the
town on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
Black based his decision on the
state's Home Rule Act, finding that the city could not forbid private entities from discriminating
on grounds not prohibited by state law.
Allentown is one of ten Pennsylvania communities that
have enacted such laws.
There is no ban on sexual orientation or gender identity discrimination
under Pennsylvania statutory law, although an executive order prohibits discrimination based on
sexual orientation in the state government.
According to the article in the _Call_, Harrisburg's
ordinance would not be affected, because that city is chartered under a different law that does not
contain the same restrictions, but the non-discrimination laws in Pittsburgh and Scranton could
be at risk.
Black relied on a provision of the Home Rule Act that states: "A municipality which
adopts a home rule charter shall not determine duties, responsibilities or requirements placed
upon businesses, occupations or employers except as expressly provided by statutes which are
applicable in every part of this commonwealth or which are applicable to all municipalities or to
a class or classes of municipalities."
The lawsuit was brought by Lancaster attorney Randall L.
Wenger, acting on behalf of local citizens Gerry S. Hartman, John Lapinski, and Robert and
Debbie Roycroft.
The _Patriot-News_ reported on June 20 that the city had decided to appeal
the ruling.
_South Carolina_ - Lambda Legal's Southern Regional Office has filed a state court lawsuit
against Foot Locker, Inc., on behalf of Kevin Dunbar, a gay former employee who claims to have
been subjected to severe anti-gay harassment by co-workers and customers in violation of
contractually binding employment policies of the company.
Greg Nevins, Lambda Senior Staff
Attorney who is representing Dunbar, stated in a Lambda press release dated June 29 that his
client "was subjected to a nightmarish workplace and then fired because he is gay." Foot
Locker's published employment policies include a ban on sexual orientation discrimination and a
harassment-free workplace policy, but Dunbar's complaints about his mistreatment led to
discriminatory transfers, breaches of confidentiality, and worsening discrimination, according to
his complaint, culminating in his being discharged in response to pursuing his own grievances
within the company.
Lambda sent a letter on Dunbar's behalf, but Foot Locker did not
adequately respond.
The lawsuit was filed in cooperation with the South Carolina Equality
Coalition.
_Virginia_ - The ACLU, represented four out-of-state same-sex couples who have adopted
children who were born in Virginia, petitioned the Virginia Supreme Court to review a January
decision by Richmond Circuit Judge Randall G. Johnson, who had ruled that the state was not
required to issue new birth certificates for Virginia-born children adopted out-of-state by same-
sex couples, because Virginia does not allow joint adoptions by unmarried couples.
In a press
release, ACLU of Virginia Executive Director Kent Willis stated: "This should be a
straightforward process in which the adoptive parents, regardless of their gender, fill out a simple
form and obtain new birth certificates for their children." _Associated Press_, May 26.
_Washington State_ - In _Stargel v. Pringle_, 2004 WL 1490815 (Wash. Ct. App., Div. 1, July 6,
2004) (unpublished), a per curiam ruling upheld the action of King County Superior Court Judge
Robert Alsdorf in issuing anti-harassment order against Patricia R. Pringle at the request of a gay
male couple, Bryon Stargel and Duane Kitna, her former neighbors.
Stargel and Kitna had
developed a friendly relationship with Pringle's son, which she encouraged until she conceived
the idea that the men were "grooming" the boy for sexual activities and were conspiring with her
ex-husband to turn the boy against her.
At about the time when the boy went to live with his
father, Pringle sought and obtained a civil anti-harassment order, prohibiting Stargel and Kitna
from having any contact with her son.
But, apparently believing that they would not obey the
order, Pringle began a surveillance campaign against the two men, allegedly hiring a
neighborhood boy to videotape their comings and goings, making anonymous phone calls to their
business as well as repeated hang-up phonecalls, and other activities the men found so disturbing
that they moved and took an unlisted phone number, and filed their own petition for an anti-
harassment order, which Judge Alsdorf granted.
The appellate court found sufficient evidence in
the record to sustain Alsdorf's action, even though the case had the air of mootness since both the
order obtained by Pringle and the order obtained by Stargel and Kitna had expired by the time the
case came up on appeal. A.S.L.
Federal Criminal Litigation Notes
_Florida_ - According to a July 9 report by _Gaywired.com_, U.S. District Judge James Cohn
(S.D.Fla.) has sentenced Stephen John Jordi to five years in prison, after Jordi pled guilty to
attempted arson of an abortion clinic.
According to a government informant, Jordi had plans to
firebomb gay bars, pro-gay churches, and abortion clinics, and had accumulated the necessary
supplies to do so.
Cohn expressed regret about the brevity of the sentence imposed, in light of
the likelihood that Jordi would remain dangerous after release from prison.
_Illinois_ - In _Benford v. Cahill-Masching_, 2004 WL 1510022 (U.S.Dist.Ct., N.D. Ill., July 2,
2004), the court rejected a habeas corpus petition from Willette Benford, an Illinois woman who
is serving a 50-year term for the first-degree murder of her lesbian partner.
District Judge Aspen
does not go into much detail about the nature of the crime.
As one of her grounds for seeking the
writ, Benford argues that she received ineffective assistance of counsel because her trial attorney
did not introduce witnesses about the nature of her long-term relationship with the victim.
Benford asserted that the lawyer failed to present these witnesses because of his own discomfort
with the subject of lesbianism and the nature of the relationship, but that had the jury received
this information, it might have reached a different conclusion about her motivation for the crime
(which, to gather from an offhand remark in a footnote in the opinion, was committed by motor
vehicle).
In rejecting the argument, Judge Aspen commented that the proposed testimony
revealed by the affidavits of the potential witnesses would not have any bearing on Benford's
state of mind at the time she committed the crime, and thus would not likely have affected the
outcome.
Benford raised numerous other grounds for the writ, none of which relate to sexual
orientation and none of which found favor with the court. A.S.L.
State Criminal Litigation Notes
_California_ - Alameda County Superior Court Judge Harry Shepard declared a hung jury on
June 22 in the murder prosecution of Jose Merel, Michael Magidson and Jason Cazares, who
were charged with killing Edward "Gwen" Araujo when they discovered that the person they
knew as female was actually male.
It was alleged that two of the defendants had sex with Araujo
without realizing the she was anatomically male.
Another man, Jaron Nabors, who participated
in the murder, pled guilty to a manslaughter charge as part of a deal for him to testify against the
other defendants, and was sentenced to eleven years in prison.
The jury was instructed that they
had to dispose of the first degree murder charges unanimously before they could consider lesser
charges such as second degree murder or manslaughter.
According to news reports, they were
hopeless deadlocked on first degree and could not unanimously agree to reject that and consider
the lesser charges.
Now the prosecution is back to step one. _Gay City News_, June 24.
On July
2, the _San Francisco Chronicle_ reported that a court commissioner had approved a request by
Araujo's mother to a posthumous name change for her deceased child, who shall henceforth be
known legally as Gwen Amber Rose Araujo, by order of Alameda County Superior Court
Commissioner Thomas Surh dated June 23.
_California_ - _Rashomon_ in Tulare County?
In _People v. Tomlin_, 2004 WL 1368368 (Cal.
Ct. App., 5th Dist., June 18, 2004), Acting Presiding Justice Harris recounts in interesting detail
the conflicting but overlapping versions of an incident that occurred in the parkland surrounding
Kaweah Lake, leading to the arrest and ultimate conviction of Gary Tomlin on eight felony
counts based on the kidnapping and forcible sexual assault of a man identified as D.H.
According to Tomlin, this was a consensual sex incident in which D.H. actively sought contact.
According to D.H., a married man with children who was on a vacation trip at the time, this was
a case of aggressive cruising by Tomlin leading to forcible sex amidst physical restraint.
The
jury ultimately believed D.H., apparently not least because Tomlin told significantly different
stories about what happened at different times.
Ultimately Tomlin received a lengthy prison
sentence, which was left mainly intact by the appellate court. Fascinating reading that sounds as
much like a gay male S&M porn fantasy as a description of a trial record.
_Illinois_ - In _People v. Williams_, 2004 WL 1191711 (App. Ct. of Ill., 3rd Dist., May 26,
2004), the court rejected defendant's argument that the Supreme Court's decision in _Lawrence
v. Texas_, 539 U.S. 558 (2003), invalidating the Texas sodomy law, would necessarily lead to
the invalidation of an Illinois statute, sec. 11-14 of the Illinois Criminal Code, making it a crime
to offer sex in exchange for "any money, property, token, object, or article or anything of value."
The defendant, a woman, had been arrested by a vice officer after she offered to perform oral sex
on him for $30.
The court, noting that the Illinois prostitution law had been upheld against
constitutional challenges numerous times over the years, found that _Lawrence_ does not change
the analysis. For one thing, Justice O'Brien wrote, "The Lawrence Court specifically excluded
prostitution from its analysis." Williams' attempt to characterize her conduct as merely
attempting to initiate consensual adult sex was dismissed, the state successfully arguing that her
activity "is more aptly described as the commercial sale of sex."
_Missouri_ - When the U.S. Supreme Court invalidated all laws against private acts of
consensual sodomy in 2003, you would think that charges might be dropped against six men who
were awaiting sodomy prosecution for having sex in private booths in a Jefferson County adult
video store, Award Video, south of Fenton, Missouri.
Never fear, Jefferson County's fearless
Prosecuting Attorney, Bob Wilkins, is still on the case, and filed new charges against the men for
second-degree sexual misconduct, an offense of having public sex in view of an offended third
party.
One problem, of course, is that nobody in proximity to these men was offended by their
sexual activities except the undercover police officers who were sent into the store in response to
a tip from somebody about sexual activity going on in the adult video store.
But the trial judge,
responding to the ACLU's argument that these were private, protected sexual acts, accepted
Wilkins' argument that the undercover cops were the offended third parties.
We await further
developments as the case proceeds.
Meanwhile, a state legislator has introduced a bill to modify
the definition of sexual misconduct so that a third party need not be offended for the offense to
occur. _St. Louis Post-Dispatch_, July 8.
_Pennsylvania_ - A military court martial prosecution of indecent acts is sufficiently distinct and
different from Pennsylvania's sex crimes laws, according to a Superior Court panel, that a court
martial conviction for that offense should not be counted as "one strike" for purposes of criminal
sentencing under state law.
The ruling came on an appeal of sentence from the Philadelphia
County Common Pleas Court by Floyd Coleman, who was convicted of sexual assault in a jury
trial.
After Coleman was sentenced, the state, which belatedly discovered his military court
martial conviction, successfully moved to reopen sentencing to seek a more stringent sentence by
having the court take the past court martial conviction into effect.
While rejecting Coleman's
argument that the state should not be able to reopen sentencing in this manner, the court accepted
his argument that the military conviction could not count for this purpose because the offense of
which he was convicted, which as described sounds like sexual horseplay with other male
military personnel but not actual intercourse, would not be a criminal offense for a civilian after
_Lawrence v. Texas_. _Coleman v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania_, 2004 WL 1327964 (Pa.
Super. Ct., June 15, 2004).
_Washington_ - In an appeal of a civil commitment order stemming from prior criminal
prosecutions, the Court of Appeals of Washington, Division 2, rejected an appeal by Dale Evan
Roush of the decision that he was a sexually violent predator who should be detailed in a special
commitment center for treatment until such time as he was shown no longer to pose a threat.
Mr.
Roush had a demonstrated propensity to pick up teenage male hitchhikers and to sexually assault
them.
His criminal record included three such incidents leading to convictions and jail sentences,
the first involving attempted rape, the second attempted oral sex and anal rape, and the third time
Roush succeeded in tying up his victim and having both oral and anal sex.
It was while serving
his prison sentence for the third incident that Roush was brought before a civil jury on a
commitment motion by the state, reinforced by testimony from his younger sister that he had
assaulted her several times a week as a child.
Roush objected that he was strictly homosexual
and thus would never have assaulted his sister.
He also claimed that the trial court erred in
failing to admit evidence and instruct the jury that his period of several years of incarceration in
an all-male environment without even one incident of attempted sex with other inmates indicated
that he was not a danger.
The court found that the record - especially expert testimony -
supported the jury's conclusion as to Roush's dangerous status. _Roush v. State_, 2004 WL
1157833 (May 25, 2004) (unpublished opinion). A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
_U.S. Senate_ - The Senate voted 65-33 to add "sexual orientation" to the characteristics covered
by federal hate crimes law, approving an amendment to the pending defense funding bill on June
15.
In both 1999 and 2001, the bill's sponsors, Senators Gordon Smith (R-Ore.) and Edward
Kennedy (D-Mass.), had succeeded in getting the Senate to add this measure to a pending bill,
but both times it was stripped out during conference committees with the House.
That is
expected to happen against this year, since proponents of anti-gay violence control the House of
Representatives.
(Just listen to their rhetoric on the floor whenever any gay topic comes up.)
Forty-seven Democrats were joined by 18 Republicans in supporting the measure.
All 33
opponents are Republicans.
Some speculated that the vote was seen as "cover" by some
Democrats to deflect the loss of gay voters when they vote in favor of the Federal Marriage
Amendment, which the Senate leadership planned to bring to the floor (despite the lack of a
committee vote) in mid-July, in an attempt to embarrass Senate Democrats prior to the
Democratic National Convention and to generate votes that will be used against Democratic
candidates in the fall.
_Connecticut_ - The legislature passed a comprehensive hate crime law in April, which was
signed by the governor in May, which extends protection on the basis of gender identity in
addition to the categories already covered under state law.
The measure goes into effect on
October 1, when Connecticut will join the following states that specifically provide protection
against hate crimes based on gender identity: California, Hawaii, Minnesota, Missouri, New
Mexico, Pennsylvania, and Vermont. _Gay.com_, May 26.
_Delaware_ - 365Gay.com reported July 1 that a gay rights that had passed the House by a 21-18
vote, and that was believed to have majority support in the state Senate, was buried in committee
by Sen. James T. Vaughn, a conservative Democrat, presumably at the behest of the Senate
leadership, which did not desire passage.
Gov. Ruth Ann Minner is a supporter of the bill, and
voice disappointment that it did not come up for a vote in the Senate.
However, in a bit of silver
lining, gay advocates noted that a feared proposed constitutional amendment to ban same-sex
marriage also did not come to the Senate floor.
_Florida - Miami Beach_ - The Miami Beach City Commission voted on July 7 to amend the
city's human rights ordinance to extend protection against discrimination in housing,
employment and public services on account of gender identity.
The intent is to protect everybody
from cross-dressers to people who have had sex-reassignment surgery.
In addition, the
Commission gave preliminary approval to an expansion of the city's domestic partnership
ordinance.
At present, only city employees can register their partners.
Under the proposed
changes, any partners could register and would be entitled to rights of medical decision-making,
jail and hospital visitation. _Miami Herald_, July 7 & 8.
_Florida_ - The Associated Press reported on July 5 that the executive council of the Florida
State Bar's Family Law Section has voted to make repeal of the state's legislative ban on
adoptions of children by gay people a legislative priority.
Evan Marks, the new chairman of the
section, told the AP, "Fundamental fairness demands that healthy parents should be allowed to
adopt regardless."
_Iowa_ - The Iowa Board of Educational Examiners had been considering a proposal to add
"sexual orientation" to its conduct code for licensed educators as a prohibited ground of
discrimination, but concern about political flack from the state legislature led them to adopt a
more euphemistic approach, condemning as unethical any discrimination against somebody
based on "membership in an identifiable minority." The Board members, who met on June 26,
expressed concern that the legislature would delay adoption of the rules or object to the changes
if the term "sexual orientation" was used. _Omaha World-Herald_, June 27.
_Maine_ - Governor John Baldacci has signed an executive order that adds sexual orientation to
the list of prohibited bases for discrimination by contractors who provide goods or services to the
state of Maine.
Current statutory law already prohibits contracting for goods from discriminatory
employers, but Baldacci's order extends the prohibition to service contracts.
The director of
purchasing for the state said that the state makes about 6,000 contracts a year, and that standard
non-discrimination language in the contract forms will be revised to include sexual orientation.
The state does not actively investigate particular contractors for non-compliance unless it
receives a complaint. _Portland Press Herald_, June 24, 2004.
_New Mexico_ - Opponents of New Mexico's recently enacted law banning sexual orientation
discrimination have given up their efforts to get the measure repealed through a referendum, the
Associated Press reported on July 1.
The state's attorney general had opined that the Human
Rights Act was among those laws that were not subject to referendum appeal, but opponents had
continued to circulate petitions in hopes of getting a repeal measure on the ballot.
A leader of the
opponents, Republican state House member Earlene Roberts, said they would turn their attention
to supporting the Federal Marriage Amendment.
_New York, New York_ - On May 5, the New York City Council voted 43-5 (with 2
abstentions) to approve the Equal Benefits Act, a bill requiring city
contractors doing business worth more than $100,000 with the city of New
York to provide benefits to domestic partners of their employees on the
same basis as benefits are provided to legal spouses. Mayor Michael Bloomberg
vetoed the bill, asserting that New York should not use its contracting power to advance social
policies.
On June 28, the 41 of the Council's 51 members voted to override the veto, a sufficient
number to enact the law, which would take effect 120 days after enactment.
The mayor
announced that he would institute litigation to stop the law from going into effect, arguing that
what the Council was doing was not "legal." "We should not be using our procurement policies
to push social issues no matter how much we believe in them," he said. "If you start doing that,
eventually you would not be able to deal with anybody." The mayor has refused to acknowledge
the success of San Francisco's Equal Benefits law, under which more than 3,000 city contractors
have adopted benefits policies in order to contract with the city.
He also seems to have forgotten
past uses of the contracting power to effect social policy, including requirements for affirmative
action to hire minority employees and restrictions on contracting with employers who would not
subscribe to the Sullivan Principles regarding doing business in South Africa.
Litigation awaits.
(The quotations of the mayor are taken from a June 29 report in the _New York Times_.)
During
the same session, the Council overwhelmingly passed the Dignity in All Schools Act, which
would prohibit discrimination and harassment in New York City schools based on actual or
perceived race, national origin, ethnic group, religion, sexual orientation, gender, sex, or physical
or mental disability.
The Bloomberg Administration has not been supportive of this proposal,
either, so its chances of final enactment were uncertain as we went to press.
_Washington State - King County_ - King County Executive Ron Sims has sent a package of
proposals to the County Council to revise local non-discrimination laws to extend protection on
the basis of gender identity and to enlarge application of the law to cover small employers.
At
present, the law forbids discrimination based on sexual orientation but does not specifically
mention transgender status or gender identity, and applies only to employers of eight or more
employees.
The proposal would extend coverage to any business that employs at least one
individual, and would authorize individual lawsuits in the Superior Court instead of requiring
people to file complaints with the county's Office of Civil Rights.
However, not all of Sims'
proposals are to expand protection; he is also proposing eliminating age discrimination protection
for younger workers, by redefining the protected class in accord with federal and state law, so
those under 40 could not complain of age discrimination.
King County ordinances are applicable
in the unincorporated areas of the county, which also includes the city of Seattle. _Seattle
Times_, July 2. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
_Military Service_ - The presence of gay men and lesbians adversely affects unit morale and
cohesion, says Congress in the 1993 legislative findings accompanying the enactment of the
"don't ask, don't tell" policy, except, of course, when unit morale and cohesion is most important
during times of active hostilities. Then, military commanders struggle to find ways to avoid
discharging gay and lesbian service members who are making valuable contributions, especially
at times of staffing shortages.
So guess what, anti-gay discharges from the military are down this
year.
Surprise!
Statistics from the Defense Manpower Data Center, analyzed by the Center for
the Study of Sexual Minorities in the Military, which is based at University of California at Santa
Barbara, determined that 770 people were discharged on grounds of homosexuality during 2003,
down from the record 1,227 during 2001, the first year of the Bush Administration.
Looking at
discharges from 1998 through 2003, the Center found that nearly 6,300 were discharged during
that six year period, of whom 75 were officers and 71% were men.
Among those discharged
were 90 nuclear power engineers, 150 rocket and missile specialists, and 49 nuclear, chemical
and biological warfare specialists.
Also among the discharged were several linguists, including
specialists in Middle Eastern languages. _Los Angeles Times_, June 21.
Maybe the gay veterans
should organize their own shadow military to carry out special missions....
_Religion - Southern Baptists_ - The Southern Baptist Convention, among the most conservative
of American mainline churches, voted in its annual meeting held on June 15, in Indianapolis, to
sever ties with the World Baptist Alliance, on the grounds, among other things, that the WBA is
excessively supportive of gay rights.
The withdrawal ends a 99-year relationship between the
two organizations. _Agence France Presse_, June 16.
_Religion - Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.)_ - The Presbyterian Church's legislative assembly
narrowly voted to reject a proposal to allow regional governing bodies to ordain openly gay
clergy and lay officers.
The 259-255 vote leaves in place existing Church law forbidding
ordination of gay clergy.
Opponents of the proposal claimed that a network of 1,300
congregations with 450,000 members was ready to break away from the denomination if the
measure had passed. _Associated Press_, July 3.
_Religion - African Methodist Episcopal Church_ - Delegates at the national convention of the
African Methodist Episcopal (AME) Church voted on July 7 to forbid the church's ministers
from performing same-sex unions. The vote was reportedly unanimous. The convention met in
Indianapolis. The vote was taken without discussion or debate. _The State_ (Columbia, S.C.),
July 8.
_Corporate Policy - Exxon Mobil_ - At Exxon Mobil's annual shareholder meeting, held in
Dallas, Texas, on May 26, a shareholder proposal to add sexual orientation to the company's
non-discrimination policy won support of 29 percent of the shares, an unusually high count for a
shareholder proposal opposed by management. _Ft. Worth Star Telegram_, May 27, 2004.
_Corporate Policy - Fifth Third Bancorp_ - In an article published June 28 commenting on the
increased volume of shareholder activism, the _Christian Science Monitor_ reported that voters
representing 63 percent of the shareholders had endorsed a resolution at a May shareholder
meeting of Fifth Third Bancorp calling for a policy banning discrimination based on sexual
orientation.
The article reported that management took no position on the issue, and had not yet
responded to the vote, which is not binding on management.
_Corporate Policy - YMCA of the Triangle Area, North Carolina_ - The YMCA decided it was
more important to be true to its discriminatory beliefs than to go after more customers, so it
forfeited a potentially lucrative, membership expanding deal with Duke University rather than
bow to Duke's condition allowing Duke employees with same-sex partners to join at family
rates.
In its own policies, Duke treats gay partners as qualified for family benefits treatment, and
was not prepared to provide special Y membership benefits to its staff unless this policy was
applicable. The Y would not bend, insisting that its policy is non-discriminatory because
unmarried heterosexual couples are not afforded family benefits either. _Raleigh News &
Observer_, June 29. A.S.L.
British High Court Recognizes Spousal Tenant Rights for Gay Couples
Britain's highest appeals court ruled on June 21 that provisions of the country's tenant protection
laws must be interpreted to treat same-sex couples as spouses in order to be in compliance with
the European Charter of Human Rights, to which the U.K. is a party.
The 4-1 ruling by members
of the Law Committee of the House of Lords subtly upgrades the rights of gay couples under
existing British law. _Ghaidan v. Godin-Mendoza_, [2004] UKHL 30.
The Law Lords had previously ruled in the case of _Fitzpatrick v. Sterling Housing Association_,
[2001] 1 AC 27, that a surviving same-sex partner was entitled to be treated like a family
member of a deceased tenant for purposes of the tenant protection laws.
In practice this would
normally mean that the survivor would be entitled to remain in the rental house or apartment
subject to a rent adjustment and possible claims by blood relatives of the deceased.
In that case,
the Lords had invoked New York's famous _Braschi v. Stahl Associates_ case, in which the N.Y.
Court of Appeals treated a surviving same-sex partner as a family member of a rent controlled
tenant for purposes of lease succession rights.
In _Ghaidan_, the court had to take into account intervening developments in English law, most
particularly the Human Rights Act of 1998 (which went into effect several years after
Fitzpatrick's partner had died), by which Parliament determined that wherever possible British
statutes should be interpreted to comply with the country's treaty obligations under the European
Charter.
The Charter requires its party countries to respect the private and home life of their
citizens, and to accord rights without unjustified discrimination.
Decisions by the European
Court of Human Rights have established that sexual orientation discrimination is contrary to
Charter obligations.
The government of Prime Minister Tony Blair is trying to bring England into compliance
legislatively by enacting a civil partnership law and adjusting other laws to extend some degree
of equality to same-sex couples, but those proposals are still in the midst of the legislative
process.
In the meantime, on January 5, 2001, Hugh Wallwyn-James, who had been living in "a
stable and monogamous homosexual relationship with Juan Godin-Mendoza" in his basement
flat at 17 Cresswell Gardens in London, passed away, and the landlord, Ahmad Ghaidan, brought
a county court proceeding to reclaim possession of the flat so that he could rent it out at higher
rates.
Godin-Mendoza wanted to remain as a statutory tenant, at the same rent, as the law
provides for surviving spouses, and the matter ended up in the appellate courts, where the Court
of Appeal ruled that the tenant protection laws should be interpreted consistent with the Charter
to treat surviving same-sex partners the same as spouses.
Under the _Fitzpatrick_ ruling, Godin-Mendoza would have had to accept a substantial rent
increase and some uncertainty about his right to renew the lease or claim continued occupancy as
against any other surviving relatives, so the question whether he was treated as a surviving family
member or as a surviving spouse was a matter of some consequence.
In affirming the Court of Appeal, the Law Lords decided that the tenant protection law could be
interpreted in a manner consistent with the Charter to recognize Godin-Mendoza as a surviving
spouse.
The dissenter, Lord Millett, while agreeing that treating Godin-Mendoza as a surviving
spouse would be a desirable outcome, dissented on a point of principle; that it was not possible,
in his view, to interpret the language of the tenant protection law in this way.
Millet argued that
when the tenant protection law was extended by Parliament to protect not only married couples
but also unmarried partners who were living as husband and wife, it was clearly limiting
protection only to opposite sex couples, and that it is impossible for a same-sex couple to live as
husband and wife since those roles are decidedly gendered.
Under the Human Rights Act, if an interpretation of the existing statute in a manner consistent
with the Charter is not possible, an alternative is for the court to declare the existing law
incompatible with England's Charter obligation.
In that case, Parliament is on notice that it
needs to do some legislating to bring the law into compliance, but the individual litigant does not
obtain the practical remedy he is seeking.
Millett's dissent turns on a rather more formalistic view of what the Human Rights Act
authorizes and what Britain's treaty obligations require in the way of judicial review of acts of
Parliament.
It is clear from reading his opinion that he accepts the proposition that Britain
should treat same-sex partners as spousal-equivalents for such purposes as protection of housing
rights, but he believes that this is a policy issue that should be decided by the politically-
accountable members of Parliament rather than a result to be dictated by the courts.
(This may
sound a bit strange, since the court on which Lord Millett sits is, in effect, a committee of the
upper house of the Parliament, rather than the free-standing sort of appeals court familiar in
American usage, but then the Law Lords are appointed, not elected representatives.)
One argument made by the government in support of the landlord's appeal was that the court
should stay its hand because the pending legislation would resolve the policy issues by extending
equal rights to same-sex partners.
But four members of the court were unwilling to grant that
request.
Final passage of these proposals may be some time off, especially in light of recent
action in the House of Lords adding amendments to the proposal that the Blair Government finds
objectionable. Meanwhile, failing to provide the remedy for Godin-Mendoza would impose a
significant hardship in increased rent and lessened security for his future occupancy.
The opinions by the four majority judges are full of ringing declarations about non-
discrimination and equal rights, many extremely quotable, but they don't add much to the heart
of the case, which comes down to a policy analysis performed by Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in
the lead opinion, concluding that the goals of the tenant protection act are advanced in a manner
consistent with England's Charter obligations by recognizing Godin-Mendoza as a surviving
spouse.
Also most noteworthy are observations by Baroness Hale of Richmond about how the
traditional gendered roles of husband and wife have largely disappeared from the law, so that
analogizing same-sex couples to unmarried opposite-sex couples is not quite the logical stretch
decried by Lord Millett.
The court's decision accelerates one of the protections that would be available to same-sex
partners once Parliament and the Queen have approved the pending legislative package, and adds
to the momentum within Europe of efforts to achieve equality under the law for same-sex
partners.
A.S.L.
International Notes
_World_ - At a World Gay Pride Day press conference held in Madrid, Amnesty International
announced that a recent survey showed that homosexuality and transsexuality are treated as
punishable offenses in approximately seventy countries.
Leonardo Fernandez, Amnesty Spain's
coordinator of sexual minority issues, said, "The majority of Muslim countries have bans in place
as does much of sub-Saharan Africa." Fernandez also noted that a major U.S. military ally and
treaty partner, Saudi Arabia, "condemned 44 people and executed four for the crime of
homosexuality" in 2002, the last year for which complete data were available. "There are
countries where it is penalised and prosecuted, and others where it is penalised, but de facto not
prosecuted, and still others where it is not penalised but is de facto prosecuted," such as Egypt.
Amnesty noted that there are also several English-speaking Caribbean countries that treat
homosexuality as a prosecutable offense. _Agence France Presse_, June 28.
_Australia_ - The lower house of the Parliament voted to approve a bill introduced by the
government to ban same-sex partners from marrying and to prohibit same-sex couples from
adopting children from overseas.
The measure, known as the Marriage Legislation Amendment
Bill 2004, now goes to the Senate for debate.
_Australian Associated Press_, June 17.
_Austria_ - Austrian gay rights advocate Helmut Graupner reports that Austria now has its first
sexual orientation anti-discrimination provision in federal legislation, as part of a new measure
called the Judicial Cooperation Act, under which a warrant issued for the purpose of persecuting
a person on grounds of his or her sexual orientation may not be executed.
Prior to this measure,
the only references to sexual orientation in a non-discrimination context have been in guidelines,
regulations, or state legislation.
_Canada_ - The fate of federal legislation to open up marriage to same-sex partners was on the
line on June 28 when Canadians participated in national elections for a new parliament and prime
minister.
The Liberal party, main sponsor of the bill, lost its majority, falling to about 140
members in the 307 member house of commons.
But the only party that officially opposes the
marriage bill, the Conservatives, came second to the Liberals in the voting, with too few seats to
form a governing coalition with any of the minor parties.
The Liberals were in striking distance
to obtain a working majority with the assistance of the New Democrats, a left party that supports
same-sex marriage, or the Bloc Quebecois, a separatist party that took a substantial portion of the
seats in Quebec and will have many more representatives in the Commons than the NDP.
The
Bloc also supports the marriage bill.
(Quebec is one of the three provinces in which the highest
court has opened up marriage to same-sex partners, and only the Quebec court did it in French, of
course.)
Openly gay representatives also did relatively well in the voting.
In Vancouver East
riding, NDP incumbent Libby Davies, a lesbian, was solidly re-elected.
In the Nova Scotia riding
of Kings-Hants, characterized as a Conservative stronghold, openly-gay ex-Conservative Scott
Brison was re-elected.
Brison had joined the Liberal Party after the formation of the conservative
coalition, and won a crushing victory over his conservative opponent.
In the wake of the
election, in which discussion about the pending marriage bill and the opposition by
Conservatives to complying with pro-marriage court rulings was front and center, new public
opinion polls showed increased support for same-sex marriage among Canadians.
According to
a July 1 report by 365Gay.com, A new poll for Research and Information on Canada and
Environics showed 57% support for equal marriage rights, with 38% opposed, which was an
increase in positive response from 48% in a September 2003 poll by Environics.
The survey was
conducted during the weekend prior to the election. * * * Svend Robinson, Canada's first openly-
gay member of Parliament, who recently resigned his seat after being charged with the theft of an
expensive diamond ring during a public auction, announced that he would enter a guilty plea,
according to a July 8 report in _The Canadian Press_.
The charges against him could bring up to
ten years in prison, given the value of the ring, but observers opined that a lengthy prison term
was unlikely for a first offender who had made restitution.
Robinson explained his actions as an
irrational act incident to emotional stress with which he has been coping since sustaining serious
injuries in a 1997 hiking accident.
His former constituency assistant, Bill Siksay, was elected on
June 28 to represent Robinson's district.
_Canada_ - The Ontario Human Rights Commission has ordered a public inquiry in response to
charges by several women who were present during a police raid on a Toronto bathhouse during
an all-women event on September 15, 2000.
According to a news report in the _Toronto Star_
(June 17), the police claimed that it was routine liquor license inspection, but they spent ninety
minutes walking around the bathhouse, leering at the naked women who were present, and
charged the two women who signed for a special occasion permit under the Liquor License Act
with permitting disorderly conduct and serving alcohol after hours.
Those charges were
dismissed by Justice Peter Hryn of the Ontario Court of Justice in January 2002.
Hryn
characterized the conduct of the police on that occasion as outrageous and a violation of the
women's rights under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
The Commission's initial
investigation led it to the conclusion that the women were targets of discrimination on the basis
of sex and sexual orientation.
_Canada_ - A Justice of the Supreme Court of British Columbia has ruled that Little Sisters
Book and Art Emporium is entitled to have the government pay the costs of its ongoing court
appeal of the Canadian Customs confiscation of gay S&M literature that Little Sisters was
attempting to import from the United States.
The June 18 decision by Justice Elizabeth Bennett
in _Little Sisters Book and Art Emporium v. Commissioner of Customs and Revenue_, 2004
BCSC 823, was ruling on a motion by Little Sisters, complaining that they cannot afford to
finance the litigation and should be held entitled to government financing under a recent decision
of the Supreme Court of Canada, _British Columbia v. Okanagan Indian Band_, [2003] 3 S.C.R.
371, 2003 S.C.C. 71.
In that case, the high court held that government financing of litigation
costs should be made available in cases where a litigant was presenting issues of public
importance that could not otherwise be addressed because the litigant could not afford to finance
the lawsuit and was presenting a _prima facie_ meritorious claim.
Canadian Customs has been
confiscating gay literature in disproportionate amounts for many years, which the Supreme Court
recognized in an earlier decision involving Little Sisters, _Little Sisters Book and Art Emporium
v. Canada_, [2000] 2 S.C.R. 1120, 2000 S.C.C. 69, in which it rejected a constitutional challenge
to the censorship process but opined that Customs may not discriminate based on sexual
orientation in applying the nation's legal obscenity test to gay literature.
In this case, Customs
has seized two _Meatmen_ comic books and two anthologies edited by Larry Townsend, in all
cases based on a judgment that the gay S&M content was obscene under Canadian law.
Little
Sisters contends that the materials are not obscene, and that the definition of obscenity itself is in
consistent with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
Justice Bennett found that the tests set forth
in _Okanagan Indian Band_ had been met to finance the litigation over the confiscation of these
works, but not with respect to the constitutional challenge to the definition of obscenity, although
she did not preclude Little Sisters continuing to raise that issue in the litigation.
_France_ - The French cabinet approved on June 24 a proposed bill authorizing penalties of up to
a year in jail for the making of anti-gay or sexist remarks.
The bill would also authorize fines of
up to 45,000 euros, depending on the nature of the offense.
The bill was to be presented to the
parliament during July, and is a response to what is perceived as an increase in verbal and
physical attacks against gay people in France over the past year.
The bill was said to respond to a
longtime desire by French gay and feminist groups to have sexist and homophobic insults
classified as slander. _The Guardian_, June 24.
_France_ - On June 5, Noel Mamere, the mayor of Begles (a small town near Bordeaux),
performed a wedding ceremony for Stephane Chapin and Bertrand Charpentier.
On June 7, a
prosecutor began an effort to have the ceremony for the two men annulled, and the Interior
Minister said that Mamere would be sanctioned.
However, leftists in the national legislature
introduced a bill seeking marriage rights for same-sex partners.
France already has a legal
institution known as a civil pact that is available for same-sex and unmarried opposite-sex
couples, but it falls short of providing all the rights that accompany legal marriage. _Associated
Press_, June 7; _UPI_, June 7.
_Germany_ - Justice Minister Brigitte Zypries announced that the government plans to propose
legislation later this summer to extend the rights of registered partners to comprise almost all of
the rights of marriage.
The only difference, according to news reports, would concern adoptions
of children, which still would not be allowed by same-sex couples as a joint procedure.
Otherwise, tax, pension and property rights would all be extended to same-sex partners who
register. _The Guardian_, June 8.
_Chile_ - Sending shockwaves through the gay community, the Supreme Court of Chile ruled on
3-2 that three children should be taken away from Karen Atala, their lesbian mother, a small-
town judge, and given to the custody of their father, Jaime Lopez, overruling the decisions of two
lower courts.
The majority of the court wrote that Atala had "imposed her own interests,
deferring those of her children," by living with another lesbian, the daughter of a famous Chilean
historian, because, in the view of the court's majority, this would expose the children to
discrimination and isolation for having a lesbian mother.
According to a July 1 report by Knight
Ridder Newspapers, the ruling has capture the public interest and stimulated a debate on gay
parenting rivaling the same-sex marriage debate raging in the U.S.
According to the news report,
Lopez told a magazine interviewer that he had petitioned for a change of custody because he
thought that an "alternative" family was not good for his daughters. "Nobody asked them
whether they wanted to be 'alternative' girls," he said. "I don't want my kids to be the rallying
flag or icons for the homosexual movement." Judge Atala has taken a voluntary leave of absence
from her job and is not granting interviews, but her partner told the press that she is receiving
treatment for depression stemming from the loss of her daughters.
Lopez, who is also a lawyer,
now has physical custody of the children, and a new girlfriend is also living with them.
_Czech Republic_ - The BBC reported on June 18 that the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech
Republic, the lower house of the nation's legislature, has approved a proposed registered
partnership bill on second reading, on the fourth attempt after three prior bills were defeated.
According to the news report, which derived from monitoring Czech Radio1 from London,
opponents argued that allowing registered partnerships would make gays and lesbian a privileged
minority and endanger the traditional family concept.
_New Zealand_ - Two bills intended to set up a national civil union system in New Zealand
survived their first parliamentary vote and was referred to committee for refinement.
Prior to the
vote, opposition party leaders had called for openly-gay Labour MP Tim Barnett to be replaced
as chair of the Parliament's Justice and Electoral Select Committee for pending hearings by the
committee on two government bills, the Civil Union Bill and the Relationships (Statutory
References) Bill.
The first bill would set up a system for civil unions for same-sex and
unmarried opposite-sex couples, while the second would specify all the places in N.Z. statutes
where civil union partners would be treated the same as married partners.
The overall aim of the
legislation is to create a status parallel to marriage for civil unions.
The _New Zealand Herald_
(June 18) reported prior to the vote that because civil union partners' incomes will be taken into
account in determining eligibility for public benefits, the government stood to gain an estimated
$15 million in reduced social welfare benefits costs in the first year after the bills would go into
effect.
Opponents vowed to continue their fight against the bill, which passed its first reading by
a vote of 66 to 50, in which three Labour MP's did not vote. _New Zealand Herald_, June 25.
_Russian Federation_ - The State Duma (Parliament) refused on June 11 to consider a bill that
would ban alcoholics, homosexuals and pedophiles from holding seats in the legislature.
The bill
would have required newly-elected members to submit to physical and psychological testing to
determine their fitness for office, and was sponsored in parliament by Alexander Volkov, a
representative from Kursk, where the region's legislative assembly had approved the measure.
Several deputies had criticized the proposal as unconstitutional.
_Spain_ - Justice Minister Juan Fernando Lopez Aguilar announced in an interview that
legislation opening up marriage to same-sex couples would be on the statute books in Spain by
the beginning of 2005, and Social Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said that he was
"clearly favorable" to marriage rights for same-sex couples.
According to a June 27 report from
Agence France Presse, Zapatero said in the interview that same-sex marriage was consistent with
a pluralistic and open idea of the family. "To ignore this reality, would be to ignore the right of
many people to be happy." The prime minister said that legislation will be introduced in
September to amend the Civil Code. * * * Inigo Lamarka, a lawyer who is the head of the Basque
Association of Gays and Lesbians, has been elected by the Basque regional parliament to be the
official ombudsman for the Basque Region, which is the first appointment of an openly-gay
person to a significant government position in Spain.
Said Lamarka, "After an excessively long
historical period, the historic moment has now come for homosexual people in the Basque
Country and in democratic countries to put an end to exclusion, to almost flagrant
discrimination." _The Guardian_, June 19; _BBC Monitoring Newsfile_, June 18.
_Switzerland_ - The Swiss Parliament approved a measure establishing a national partnership
registration system for same-sex couples.
The partnership would extend the same rights
associated with marriage in matters of taxes, inheritance, property, but would not allow for joint
adoptions of children or fertility treatments.
A religious party has announced a campaign to
gather signatures for a repeal referendum.
The cities of Zurich and Geneva had previously
adopted local legislation providing a registration system for same-sex partners. _ANSA English
Media Service_, June 10.
_United Kingdom_ - Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II has given royal assent to the Gender
Recognition Act 2004, as of July 1, 2004.
This was the last step to enactment of a sweeping
reform of British law concerning the legal recognition of gender change, and brings to fruition
the recommendations of the Interdepartmental Working Group on Transsexual People, which had
been appointed by the Blair Government in response to court decisions and lobbying efforts by
transgender rights advocates.
The law is intended to honor the government's obligations under
the Human Rights law to protect the right of transsexual persons to respect for their private lives
and legal equality.
Under the law, Gender Recognition Panels will be established to review
applications from individuals, who are required to document that they have been diagnosed with
gender dysphoria, have lived for at least two years in their acquired gender and intend to do so
for the remainder of their lives.
Successful applicants will receive a gender recognition
certificate, according them the right of full legal recognition in their acquired gender, new birth
certificates, and other legal rights accorded members of their acquired gender. They will be
allowed to marry in their acquired gender.
The Act will apply throughout the United Kingdom,
the Scottish Parliament having voted to go along with what the U.K. parliament decides in order
to bring the U.K. into compliance with European treaty obligations.
The government estimated
that there are approximately 5,000 transsexual people in the U.K., and it is anticipated that the
annual caseload of the Gender Recognition Panels will be about 200-300 cases.
Electronic
copies of the Act and Explanatory notes will become available at the following URL:
.
_United Kingdom_ - The proposed Civil Partnership Bill was amended in the House of Lords to
extend eligibility beyond same-sex couples to include caregivers and siblings who live together,
over the opposition of the government, which sought to confine the measure to same-sex
partners.
After this amendment during the reading stage, the lords refused to give further
consideration, sending the bill back to the Commons.
Supporters of the changes claimed that a
bill limited to same-sex couples was discriminatory, as other adults who live together but can't
marry should be entitled to many of the same rights.
It was expected that the amendment would
be reversed in the Commons. _Daily Telegraph_, June 25.
_United Kingdom_ - Rev. Jeffrey John, a gay Anglican priest who had been denied a bishopric
due to controversy about his appointment, has been designated dean of St. Albans Cathedral, and
was installed on July 2 before an enthusiastic congregation of 2,000 individuals, after receiving a
warm welcome from St. Albans' bishop, Rev. Christopher Herbert. _The Canadian Press_, July
2.
_Uzbekistan_ - Agence France Presse reported June 25 that the government of Uzbekistan has
decided to release Ruslan Sharipov, a gay journalist, from prison, although he will be confined to
the city of Bukhara where is registered as a resident.
Sharipov, who was educated in the U.S.,
had been convicted on homosexuality charges that were believed to have been pressed by
prosecutors for political reasons, but international protests have caused the government to
reconsider.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Mark Mason, an openly gay attorney, has been elected as one of two Vice Presidents of the
Massachusetts Bar Association.
Under the usual rotation rules, he is now in line to become
president of the Massachusetts Bar Association in normal course.
When this occurs, he will be
the first openly-gay president of the Massachusetts state bar. _MLGBA Legal Briefs_, June 2004.
At its annual Gay Pride Reception on June 23 (which was co-sponsored with several other
organizations, including LeGaL), the Association of the Bar of the City of New York marked the
tenth anniversary of the formation of a committee specifically to address lesbian and gay legal
issues, then known as the Special Committee on Lesbian and Gay Men in the Profession.
After a
period as a special committee, the body was made permanent as the Association's Committee on
Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transgender Rights.
Founding co-chairs New York State Supreme
Court Justice Joan B. Lobis and Professor Arthur S. Leonard of New York Law School were
honored on this occasion.
On June 28, the New York County Lawyers Association hosted a reception co-sponsored by half
a dozen lesbian and gay legal and judicial groups to commemorate the twentieth anniversary of
openly-gay and lesbian judges serving on the bench in New York State.
Particularly noted was
the 1984 appointment by then-Mayor Edward I. Koch of William J. Thom, a co-founder of
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund, as the first openly-gay judge in New York.
Thom,
now retired from bench and law practice, was present to be honored at the reception.
Koch also
had the distinction of appointing another openly-gay man, Richard C. Failla, as the first Chief
Administrative Judge of the city's new office of Administrative Trials and Hearings, and
subsequently appointed Failla to the Criminal Court.
At the reception, the president of the host
organization announced that the County Lawyers Association had voted to endorse the call for
opening up marriage to same-sex partners, thus following the lead of the Association of the Bar
of the City of New York, which has published legislative reports advocating the same policy.
A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
Annual United Nations Report Says HIV Is On the Rise Everywhere
In its annual report issued on July 6 (and available on the United Nations website), UNAIDS
reported that the number of persons infected with HIV is increasing on every continent and in
every country, and that the number of new infections in calendar 2003 surpassed the number of
new infections for any prior year.
Major revisions in the way the agency estimates the numbers
actually resulted in a slight downward adjustment for the various totals, but when totals for past
years were adjusted to reflect the new methodology, the rate of increase was shown to be
substantial.
The new methodology yields an estimate accompanied by a range, due to the use of
statistical sampling methods and projections in attempting to come up with useful, representative
numbers.
The obstacles to collecting hard data internationally on HIV infection are considerable.
Even in the United States, not every jurisdiction systematically collects HIV infection data, so
that numbers for some jurisdictions must be estimated based on the number of reported AIDS
cases that meet CDC surveillance definitions and other demographic factors found to correlate
with rates of HIV infection in jurisdictions that do collect such data.
Chapter 2 of the report, titled "A global overview of the AIDS epidemic," says it all concisely:
"In 2003, an estimated 4.8 million people (range: 4.2-6.3 million) became newly infected with
HIV.
This is more than in any one year before.
Today, some 37.8 million people (range: 34.6-
42.3 million) are living with HIV, which killed 2.9 million (range: 2.6-3.3 million) in 2003, and
over 20 million since the first cases of AIDS were identified in 1981."
Most of the U.S. media attention was devoted to the extraordinary forecasts for the epidemic to
really take off in Asia over the next few years in the absence of major increases of funding and
government commitment for prevention, testing and counseling programs.
The attention was
certainly merited, but it seems to have distracted the media from giving ample coverage to the
U.S. data, which is itself quite discouraging.
For purposes of global summarization, the
UNAIDS report groups together the "high income countries" of the U.S., Canada, Australia, New
Zealand, and selected countries in Western Europe.
The report notes that in such countries,
accessibility of anti-retroviral therapies has sharply lowered AIDS-related mortality rates, but that
new infections continue to mount.
Among other data of interest, the report notes that in the U.S., "about half of newly reported
infections in recent years have been among African-Americans.
They represent 12% of the
population, but their HIV prevalence is 11 times higher than among whites.
In New York City, a
new system for tracking the epidemic began in June 2000.
It added HIV infection reporting to
the previously existing system of AIDS case reporting.
A recently published analysis of the first
full year of data from 2001 has revealed that over 1% of the city's adult population, and almost
2% of Manhattan's, are HIV-positive." According to world public health standards, an infection
rate of 1% or more in a population is the sign of a self-sustaining epidemic rate of infection.
The
report also notes that gay male sex is "the most common route of infection" in Australia, Canada,
Denmark, Germany, Greece, New Zealand, and the United States.
The report also notes that
about a quarter of the HIV infection cases in Canada and the U.S. are attributable to drug
injecting.
An alarming report in the July 8 _San Francisco Chronicle_ notes that recent studies show that
high risk behavior for HIV transmission seems to be on the increase in California, where it is
estimated that 127,000 people are living with HIV infection, of whom about 55,000 have CDC-
defined AIDS symptoms.
Dr. George Lemp, director of the University of California's AIDS
Research Program, said, "We may well be on the threshold of a new upsurge in overall HIV
rates, or it may already have arrived without our being aware of it.
We're trying to get a firmer
handle on it right now." A.S.L.
8th Circuit Says Prisoners Can Sue Over Potential HIV Exposure From Inmate
In an unusual victory for prisoner-plaintiffs, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit has
affirmed a district court decision refusing summary judgment to prison officials in an action by
South Dakota inmates who claim their lives were endangered by the conduct of a fellow inmate
with HIV infection. _Nei v. Dooley_, 2004 WL 1416368.
According to the plaintiffs, the HIV+ inmate, one Paul Soyars, readily told people that he was
HIV+ and then deliberate misbehaved in ways that might spread the virus.
The plaintiff-inmates
allege that they brought this problem to the attention of prison officials but the officials took no
action.
Furthermore, when inmates sought to pursue their concerns through formal grievances
and a federal court action, they claim they were subjected to retaliation from prison officials.
In light of the circumstances, the district court judge, Karen E. Schreier, had found the
defendants' arguments that they were unaware of the problem and had acted reasonably to be
contradictory and not credible. Further, the district court found this was not an appropriate case
to recognize immunity for the prison officials based on their exercise of discretion, and the court
of appeals panel agreed.
In a per curiam opinion designated for publication, the court said, "The officials argue none of
the prison officials had subjective knowledge that Soyars posed a substantial risk of harm to each
inmate.
Viewing the facts in the light most favorable to the inmates, we disagree.
There was
evidence that Soyars fought with King, Nei, and Amundson, and the fights involved fluid
exchange, threats of infection, or both. . .
The officials also contend they acted reasonably as a
matter of law and thus did not violate the inmates' Eighth Amendment rights.
Viewing the facts
in the light most favorable to the inmates, we conclude the officials did not respond to the threat
of harm in an objectively reasonable way.
Indeed, the officials did little to address the situation
for months after being made aware of the circumstances." A.S.L.
Federal Court Rules for HIV+ Claimant Against Private Disability Insurer
In a somewhat unusual published victory in an HIV disability insurance dispute, U.S. District
Judge Buchwald ruled in favor of the claimant for long-term disability benefits under a policy
that, due to its curious wording, gives no incentive to the insured to perform part-time work that
he is capable of doing. _JOHN DOE v. Liberty Life Assurance Company of Boston_, 2004 WL
1207897 (S.D.N.Y., June 2, 2004).
The claimant is represented by Mark Scherzer, a LeGaL
member who is a leading authority on HIV insurance benefits law.
JOHN DOE, who has achieved a modest reputation in the gay community as a song composer and
cabaret pianist, was employed from 1993 to 1996 as an actuarial consultant for KPMG Peat
Marwick.
He received as an employee benefit coverage under a group disability insurance plan
underwritten by Liberty Life.
Under the plan, to receive disability payments beyond an initial 36
month period, the claimant must be "unable to perform, with reasonable continuity, all of the
material and substantial duties of his own or any other occupation for which he is or becomes
reasonably fitted by training, education, experience, age and physical and mental capacity." The
plan also provided that the insured could qualify for long-term disability benefits even if he was
working, so long as he could not work fulltime and was earning less than 20% of his pre-
disability earnings.
JOHN DOE was diagnosed HIV+ in 1993, and left work in May 1996 when his t-cell count dropped
and he developed disabling symptoms.
At that time, he began anti-retroviral therapy, and
submitted a claim for long-term disability benefits, which was approved in October 1996.
Over
the next six years there is a long record of testing, medical opinions, and evaluations both by
JOHN DOE's own physicians and by evaluators designated by Liberty Life, with varying opinions
about his ability to work.
During that time JOHN DOE did compose and perform his music, but did
not engage in regular employment.
In 2002 Liberty Life, based on the reports of its evaluators,
decided he was capable of working and terminated his benefits, resulting in this suit under
ERISA for wrongful termination of benefits.
Judge Buchwald determined that in this case JOHN DOE continued to be qualified under the policy as
disabled, since the insurer could not show that he was capable of full-time employment and he
was not earning more than 20% of pre-disability income through part-time work.
The policy, as
worded, apparently does not require an insured to undertake part-time work, and apparently
Liberty Life had conceded that JOHN DOE suffers from a variety of physical symptoms; JOHN DOE's
physicians had all concluded that these symptoms precluded full-time work, and with one
exception, all of Liberty Life's evaluators had recommended only part-time work.
Under the
policy, only if he was capable of resuming work "with reasonable continuity" could JOHN DOE be
said not to be disabled, and the court found that Liberty Life had failed to raise a material issue of
genuine fact as to this conclusion, so summary judgment was awarded to JOHN DOE.
The substantive portion of the opinion does raise a cautionary note about this ruling, however.
"Our impression from the record is that plaintiff does, in fact, have part-time work capacity, and
that plaintiff and his therapist have placed far too little emphasis on overcoming his
psychological barriers to working (which will only become stronger the longer he remains out of
work).
Given plaintiff's youth and the stability of his medical condition, it is obviously
important that he endeavor to regain a sense of normalcy, and given his skills, he has many
options for productivity, even if he may not be able to resume his former position.
Indeed,
plaintiff's counsel himself suggested that defendant has the right, while paying plaintiff disability
benefits, 'to say your disability is addressable, and here is the way to do it, and if you don't do it,
if you don't go down this road at least and try it, then we can say that your disability is voluntary
rather than caused by your illness.'
Our decision here does not foreclose this possibility."
Although the court granted summary judgment to plaintiff, it found that the standards for
awarding attorneys fees had not been met, since it concluded that Liberty Life had not been
acting in bad faith, "or even unreasonably," in terminating JOHN DOE's disability benefits.
A.S.L.
Louisiana Appeals Court Finds HIV+ Security Guard Not Protected By Disability Discrimination
Law
A June 25 decision by the Court of Appeal of Louisiana, 1st Circuit, illustrates the limited
effectiveness of disability discrimination law in protecting HIV+ people in the workplace.
The
court ruled in _Thomas v. Louisiana Casino Cruises, Inc._, 2004 WL 1418389, that an HIV+
security guard whose doctor recommended that he not work out of doors due to his suppressed
immune system did not have a "disability" under Louisiana's civil rights law and thus was not
protected from discrimination.
According to the opinion by Judge Fitzsimmons, Lowery Thomas began working as a security
guard at the casion in 1996, working both outdoor and indoor posts.
Because he had some
criminal convictions on his record, the state gambling commission would not give him a permit
that would qualify him to work within the casino itself.
In February 1997, he presented a
doctor's note to his employer stating that due to a chronic sinus condition and a weakened
immune system, he was susceptible to infections such as pneumonia and should not work
outdoors.
The casino determined that fulfilling occasional outdoor assignments was an essential
job function for a security guard and released him from employment on medical grounds.
Thomas subsequently obtained other employment, some of which involved outdoor work, but
sued the casino for discrimination under Louisiana's civil rights law, which adopts a similar
approach to the federal ADA.
The court found that in order to meet the definition of a person with a disability, Thomas had to
show that he had an impairment that substantially limited a major life activity.
At trial,
Thomas's testimony suggested that he did not consider himself impaired at all; in response to a
question about whether he had to remain indoors, he testified: "I can get outside just like - I can
do anything you can do." The record did not show whether the doctor's recommendation was
temporary or permanent.
The court found, based on this testimony and Thomas's work record after being dismissed from
the casino, that Thomas did not meet the statutory definition.
"At best," wrote Fitzsimmons,
"this particular record shows only that, for a period of time in 1997, claimant was unable to
perform a narrow range of jobs, that is, those requiring substantial outdoor work.
Based on these
particular facts, we agree that Mr. Thomas failed to establish that (1) working outdoors as a
casino security guard in 1997 qualified as a separate major life activity or (2) his physical
impairment substantially limited his ability to work in general.
Therefore, Mr. Thomas did not
meet the statutory definition of a 'disabled person,' a threshold and essential element of his
discrimination claim." A.S.L.
Wrongful Death Claim Revived in HIV Transmission Litigation
A claim by the executrix of the estate of a man who died from AIDS against the doctor who had
administered tainted clotting factor to him in March 1983 was revived when the highest court of
West Virginia agreed with the plaintiff's argument that the doctor's attorney unfairly prejudiced
the case by attempting to throw all the blame on the manufacturer of the clotting factor during
opening and closing arguments. _Green v. Charleston Area Medical Center_, 2004 WL 1472702
(W. Va. Supreme Ct. of Appeals, June 29, 2004).
Francis Green, described as a "mild hemophiliac", was injured at work and taken to Charleston
Hospital, where Dr. Edward Wright administered clotting factor medication in the course of
treatment on March 5, 1983.
At that time, neither Dr. Wright nor the hospital staff was aware of
concerns that whatever was causing AIDS (the virus had not then been identified) could be
transmitted through clotting factor.
However, the hospital provided space to a hemophilia clinic,
and the director of the clinic (who was not a hospital employee) had received a notice from the
American Hemophilia Association reporting on suspicions about the possibility that AIDS was
being transmitted through clotting factor, which was manufactured from the pooled blood
donations of large numbers of people.
A key part of plaintiff's case was attributing that
knowledge to the hospital and its medical staff in establishing medical malpractice in
administering the clotting factor to Green.
Originally, the clotting factor manufacturer, a division
of Bayer, was a co-defendant, but Bayer settled separately and the case went to trial only against
the hospital and the doctor.
At trial, the doctor's lawyer's opening statement argued that at the time only the manufacturer
had the relevant knowledge, which had not been made public or communicated to the hospital.
The lawyer emphasized that the blood for clotting factor was donated by "homosexuals" and
"drug addicts." Plaintiff's lawyer protested, but was overruled.
The same arguments were
repeated during closing.
The jury found for the defendants.
On appeal, plaintiff argued that
these arguments were, erroneous, prejudicial and inflammatory.
The court agreed, in a per curiam opinion, which stated: "The evidence does plainly show that
the blood out of which the factor concentrate involved in the present case was extracted was
collected by the American Red Cross rather than by Bayer's Cutter Laboratories as asserted by
Dr. Wright's counsel in the opening argument.
Further, there appears to be no factual support for
the assertion that Bayer alone knew that the blood being donated was coming primarily from
homosexuals and blood addicts.
The Court also believes that counsel for Dr. Wright did attempt
to attribute sole responsibility for [Mr. Green's] death on Bayer Corporation, an absent party. . .
In the Court's view, the argument was the blame-shifting type of argument prohibited by [West
Virginia precedents].
The Court believes that the impact of the improper remarks was potentially
sufficient to divert the jury's attention from the actual defendants in the case and, as a
consequence, the trial court should have granted a mistrial."
The court reversed the jury verdict
and granted a new trial.
A.S.L.
Federal Magistrate Rejects Disability Claim, Overruling Doctors
Rejecting the reports of doctors, a Federal Magistrate upheld the denial of social security
disability benefits to an HIV+ man in Iowa who argued that he was unable to work due to
complications from his illness. _Mullin v. Barnhart_, 2004 WL 1447967 (N.D.Iowa, June 15,
2004).
Magistrate Jarvey found that Mullin's doctors lacked the requisite psychiatric experience
to back up his claim and that he was able to hold certain jobs.
John E. Mullin, 31 years old, was diagnosed with HIV on December 17, 1998. He applied for
benefits on November 14, 2000, based on his HIV status and having "CMV, asthma, allergies,
nausea, diarrhea, wasting and fatigue."
Administrative Law Judge Andrew T. Palestini held a
hearing on February 14, 2002, denied benefits on August 29, 2002 and an appeal was denied on
July 17, 2003.
Mullin testified at his hearing that between 1994 and February 2002 he held approximately nine
jobs; following his HIV diagnosis, the jobs he attempted to hold were ended, by him or his
employers, as the result of his absences caused by sickness. His doctors "suspected that
Mullin's HIV infection occurred in late 1995.
One of his doctors advised that Mullin "should
avoid concentrated exposure to extreme cold or heat, wetness, humidity, and fumes, odors, dusts,
and gases?"
Mullin testified that his daily activities included "grooming, watching television,
and napping for one and a half to three hours followed by more television watching. . . . On good
days," he said, "he went to a friend's house to play cards or watch a movie."
He would be
fatigued "after carrying groceries from his mother's car" and be "exhausted after a half mile
walk."
ALJ Palestini had found that Mullin had not "engaged in substantial gainful activity since
November 6, 2000, was HIV+, [had] chronic asthma due to allergies, major depression . . . and
that the his impairments or combination of impairments were severe," but they did not meet the
guidelines for receiving disability benefits. The guidelines applied by the Magistrate included
that if the impairment is severe, it is compared with those "acknowledge[d] as precluding
substantial gainful activity," and if it is "equivalent to one of the listed impairments, the claimant
is disabled. If there is no conclusive determination of severe impairment," then it is determined
whether "the claimant is prevented from performing the work she performed in the past. If the
claimant is able to perform her previous work, she is not disabled," and lastly, "If the claimant
cannot do her previous work," it is determined whether she is able to perform other work in the
national economy given her age, education, and work experience."
Despite finding that Mullin was not able to do repetitive lifting, prolonged walking, only
occasionally bending, squatting, stooping, or crawling, being "exposed to damp, mold areas or in
environments with high pollen levels, smoke, and chemicals," work with deadlines or unusual
stress, emergency situations, handle consumer or customer problems, or require similar intense
interaction with others, ALJ Palestini found that he "could work as a final assembler, an
addresser, and a touch up screener."
Magistrate Jarvey rejected arguments by Mullin that ALJ Palestini "improperly rejected" the
opinions of two doctors who "did not give specific or legitimate reasons" that Mullins could not
"manage the stress of full-time employment" and that his chronic diarrhea interfered with work.
ALJ Palestini also noted that Mullin had said "that he was too busy to see a psychiatrist and did
not need ongoing therapy" and he has not received ongoing treatment from a mental health
professional since 1999. Magistrate Jarvey agreed that there was a lack of competent evaluation
by a "mental health professional."
Magistrate Jarvey found "numerous occasions" when Mullin
did not take his medication, including two weeks in 2001 when he intentionally stopped taking
medication. Magistrate Jarvey took note of ALJ Palestini's findings that Mullin was "able to
walk and [that] many of the plaintiff's daily activities" undermined his claim of "weakness and
fatigue to the point of permanent disability." _Daniel R Schaffer_
AIDS Litigation Notes
_U.S. Court of Appeals, Federal Circuit_ - In _McHenry v. United States_, 367 F.3d 1370 (Fed.
Cir., May 13, 2004), the court affirmed a determination by Court of Federal Claims that the
permanent disability rating of 30% assigned to Major Frederick McHenry on account of his HIV
status by the Navy's Physical Evaluation Board was valid.
The court's opinion by Circuit Judge
Dyk is mainly concerned with highly technical and specialized issues of military benefits law.
_U.S. District Court, E.D.N.Y._ - U.S. District Judge Spatt rejected a habeas corpus petition
from Rosemary Thompson, who pled guilty to manslaughter after stabbing her boyfriend to death
while drunk and then failing to call for medical assistance.
Thompson, who is positive for HIV
and hepatitis C, was sentenced to a determinate term of thirteen years for manslaughter and a
term of one to three years for aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, to be served
concurrently.
In her habeas petition, she protested that in light of her medical situation, this was
virtually a life sentence and constituted cruel and unusual punishment.
Wrote Spatt, "The Court
is sympathetic to Ms. Thompson's HIV and Hepatitis C status and acknowledges her many
achievements while in prison, including a high school equivalency diploma, attending an anti-
violence program, and her certificate for completion of training as a HIV Test Counselor.
All of
these admirable traits may stand her in good stead in other avenues that may be available to her.
Nevertheless, the trial court was within its discretion to impose these sentences, and therefore,
Thompson fails to raise a federal constitutional issue to warrant habeas relief.
_U.S. District Court, S.D.N.Y._ - The Legal Action Center has announced the settlement of an
HIV confidentiality lawsuit it filed on behalf of a Jane Roe plaintiff against the Social Security
Administration.
Under the terms of the settlement, Roe will get $65,000 and the SSA agrees not
to disclose information about her HIV status further.
The individual SSA employee who was
identified as the source of the disclosures is also covered by the settlement agreement requiring
no further disclosure.
According to a press release from Legal Action Center date June 28, Ms.
Roe was interviewed by the SSA worker in connection with her application for disability
benefits, and in that context disclosed her HIV status. The SSA worker, who had acquaintances
in common with Roe, then violated agency rules and federal statutory privacy requirements by
disclosing Roe's HIV status, without permission, to a common acquaintance, and the news
spread in Roe's community, causing her severe emotional distress requiring psychiatric
hospitalization.
Roe suffered two suicidal incidents.
According to LAC, the $65,000 settlement
of the action that was filed in federal court in Manhattan was a high figure for an emotional
distress claim against Social Security. _Roe v. Social Security Administration_, S.D.N.Y.,
settlement announced June 28, 2004.
_U.S. District Court, S.D.N.Y._ - In _Barnes v. CCH Corporate System_, 2004 WL 1516791
(July 7, 2004), District Judge Alvin K. Hellerstein granted summary judgment to the employer on
an HIV-related employment discrimination complain.
Robert Barnes, as African-American man
who has been diagnosed HIV+ and suffering from Kaposi's sarcoma, an opportunistic condition
associated with AIDS, asserted race, sex and disability discrimination claims stemming from his
apparent abandonment of his job after the employer refused to transfer him.
Barnes (whose
medical diagnoses occurred after he left CCH's employ and had filed this lawsuit) had a positive
job evaluation from a supervisor, another African-American man, who had left the company.
His
new supervisor, a white woman, did not care for his work and scheduled a remedial training
session, at which Barnes resisted instruction and got into an argument.
He then demanded a
transfer to another supervisor, which was denied.
He went to EEOC to file a complaint, returned
to work, unsuccessfully requested a transfer again, and then apparently walked away from the
job.
Judge Hellerstein found that the elements of a prima facie case were barely there, that the
employer had adequately rebutted it with evidence of unsatisfactory performance and
insubordination, and that Barnes had presented no specific factual allegation that would rebut the
employer's assertions.
Further, he noted, although Barnes had told co-workers that he had
"cancer" and had received time off for treatment, there was no evidence he had used the time to
get such treatment.
_California_ - The 5th District Court of Appeal vacated an order that a juvenile submit to HIV
testing in connection with a convicction of lewd or lascivious act against a child under age 14.
_In re Christopher C.; People v. Christopher C._, 2004 WL 1234081 (June 4, 2004) (not
officially published).
The infant complainant claimed that the defendant, her cousin, had touched
her vagina and butt with his hand while she was in bed.
The touching went on for about 15
minutes, and young Christopher threatened the vicctim that he would hurt her or somebody in he
family if she told anybody about it.
Based on this evidence, the trial judge ordered HIV testing.
The state argued on appeal that Christopher should be tested for HIV since it was possible that he
had saliva or blood on his hand, or might have masturbated beforehand and had semen on his
hand, when he touched the victim.
The appellate court found this quite speculative and not
sufficient to justify forced HIV testing.
"This possibility is not enough to lead a person of
ordinary care and prudence to entertain an honest and strong belief that appellant, in fact,
transferred bodily fluid to the victim.
Therefore, the record does not support the court's finding
of the requisite probable cause.
Accordingly, we will strike the AIDS testing order." However,
the court said that due to the risks involved, the case should be remanded for further inquiry, in
case the state had additional evidence beyond the realm of speculation, leaving open the
possibility that a new testing order might issue depending on the state of the evidence. * * * A
similar ruling was rendered by the 6th District Court of Appeal in _People v. Harward_, 2004 WL
1282850 (June 10, 2004) (not officially published), where again the charged offense involved
touching by hand, with no anal or oral sex involved between the adult male (an educator and
official of the Mormon Church in Santa Clara County) and the victims, a group of underage male
youths.
The appeals court, in an opinion by Justice Premo, found that the record contained no
evidence of probable cause to believe that a situation in which HIV transmission could take place
had occurred, but remanded (after removing the HIV testing order) to allow the prosecutors to
present any relevant evidence they might have on point in a new hearing.
_California_ - The 6th District Court of Appeals modified a carjacking verdict against one
defendant and a carjacking and use of a deadly weapon verdict against a co-defendant to remove
a requirement by the Santa Clara County Superior Court that the defendants submit to HIV
testing in _People v. Chaires_, 2004 WL 1283275 (June 10, 2004) (not officially published),
noting that the state conceded that the trial judge erred in ordering the testing because the crimes
charged did not involve circumstances where body fluids could be transmitted to the
complainant. A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Policy Notes
_California_ - Los Angeles County Health Director Dr. Jonathan Fielding has called on the
Board of Supervisors to establish a licensing scheme for gay bathhouses and sex clubs in an
attempt to cut down on the continuing high rate of HIV transmission among gay men in the
county. _Los Angeles Times_, June 25.
An editorial in the _Los Angeles Times_ on July 5 notes
that none of the Supervisors seems inclined to put forward such legislation, despite the example
of San Francisco where the city shut down gay bathhouses rather early in the AIDS epidemic
after stormy debate.
The _Times_ editorial calls licensing "a halfway measure, and tough to
enforce," but argues in support of it. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
Lavender Law 2004 in Minneapolis September 30-October 2
The annual Lavender Law Conference will be held in Minneapolis, Minnesota, from September
30 through October 2, 2004.
Registration before September 3 earns substantial discounts on the
fees, which are set on a sliding scale based on income.
For conference information and on-line
registration, go to .
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Alford, Roger P., _Federal Courts, International Tribunals, and the Continuum of Deference: A
Postscript on Lawrence v. Texas_, 44 Va. J. Int'l L. 913 (Spring 2004).
Association of the Bar of the City of New York Committee on Lesbian and Gay Rights,
Committee on Sex and Law, and Committee on Civil Rights, _Report on Marriage Rights for
Same-Sex Couples in New York_, 13 Col. J. Gender & L. 70 (2004).
Baldacci, Paris R., _Lawrence and Garner: The Love (Or At Least Sexual Attraction) That
Finally Dared Speak Its Name_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 289 (Winter 2004) (Symposium:
Privacy Rights in a Post Lawrence World: Responses to Lawrence v. Texas).
Ball, Carlos A., _Lesbian and Gay Families: Gender Nonconformity and the Implications of
Difference_, 31 Capital U. L. Rev. 691 (2003).
Ball, Carlos A., _The Positive in the Fundamental Right to Marry: Same-Sex Marriage in the
Aftermath of_ Lawrence v. Texas, 88 Minn. L. Rev. 1184 (May 2004).
Bodansky, Daniel, _The Use of International Sources in Constitutional Opinion_, 32 Ga. J. Int'l
& Comp. L. 421 (Spring 2004).
Burgess-Jackson, Keith, _Our Millian Constitution: The Supreme Court's Repudiation of
Immorality as a Ground of Criminal Punishment_, 18 Notre Dame J. L. Ethics & Pub Pol'y 407
(2004).
Cain, Patricia A., and Linda K. Kerber, _Subversive Moments: Challenging the Traditions of
Constitutional History_, 13 Tex. J. Women & L. 91 (Fall 2003).
Calvert, Clay, _The Perplexing Problem of Child Modeling Web Sites: Quasi-Child Pornography
and Calls for New Legislation_, 40 Cal. W. L. Rev. 231 (Spring 2004).
Calvert, Clay, and Robert D. Richards, _Stripping Away First Amendment Rights: The
Legislative Assault on Sexually Oriented Business_, 7 NYU J. Legis. & Public Pol. 223 (2004).
Carpenter, Dale, _Is_ Lawrence_ Libertarian?_, 88 Minn. L. Rev. 1140 (May 2004).
Chanen, Jill Schachner, _The Changing Face of Gay Legal Issues_, ABA Journal, July 2004, p.
47.
(Cover story).
Cole, David, _The Priority of Morality: The Emergency Constitution's Blind Spot_, 113 Yale
L.J. 1753 (June 2004).
Cooper, Benjamin J., _Loose Not the Floodgates_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 311 (Winter 2004)
(Symposium: Privacy Rights in a Post Lawrence World: Responses to Lawrence v. Texas).
Cox, Barbara J., _Adoptions by Lesbian and Gay Parents Must Be Recognized by Sister States
Under the Full Faith and Credit Clause Despite Anti-Marriage Statutes That Discriminate
Against Same-Sex Couples_, 31 Capital U. L. Rev. 751 (2003).
Crown, Barry, _Civil Partnership in the U.K. - Some International Problems_, 48 N.Y.L.S. L.
Rev. 697 (2003/04).
Currah, Paisley, _The Other "Sex" in Lawrence v. Texas_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 321
(Winter 2004) (Symposium: Privacy Rights in a Post Lawrence World: Responses to Lawrence
v. Texas).
Den Otter, Ronald C., _The Place of Moral Judgment in Constitutional Interpretation_, 37
Indiana L. Rev. 375 (2004).
Donahue, Scott M., _Living Together: Estate Planning Basics_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 547 (2003-
4).
Duncan, William C., _In Whose Best Interests: Sexual Orientation and Adoption Law_, 31
Capital U. L. Rev. 787 (2003) (An opponent of adoption by gays).
Elrod, Linda D., and Robert G. Spector, _A Review of the Year in Family Law: Children's Issues
Remain the Focus_, 37 Fam. L. Q. 527 (Winter 2004).
Eskridge, William N., Jr., Lawrence_'s Jurisprudence of Tolerance: Judicial Review to Lower
the Stakes of Identity Politics_, 88 Minn. L. Rev. 1021 (May 2004).
Farrell, Sandi, _Reconsidering the Gender-Equality Perspective for Understanding LGBT
Rights_, 13 L. & Sexuality 605 (2004).
Fisher, John A., _Sex Determination for Federal Purposes: Is Transsexual Immigration via
Marriage Permissible under the Defense of Marriage Act?_, 10 Mich. J. Gender & L. 237 (2004).
Fleming, James E., Lawrence_'s Republic_, 39 Tulsa L. Rev. 563 (Spring 2004).
Fleming, James E., _Securing Deliberative Democracy_, 72 Fordham L. Rev. 1435 (April 2004)
(Symposium on Rawls and the Law).
Franke, Katherine M., _The Domesticated Liberty of Lawrence v. Texas_, 104 Colum. L. Rev.
1399 (June 2004).
Franklin, Kris, _Homophobia and the "Mathew Shepard Effect" in Lawrence v. Texas_, 48
N.Y.L. Sch. L. Rev. 657 (2003-04).
Furfaro, John P., and Maury B. Josephson, _Employment Law Aspects of Same-Sex Marriage_,
New York Law Journal, 6/4/2004, pp. 3, 5.
Gallagher, Mary P., _As Same-Sex Couples Go Legal, Questions Swirl_, New Jersey L.J., July 9,
2004 (includes comments from many current or former LeGaL members who practice in New
Jersey, including former LeGaL President Deb Guston).
Goldberg, Suzanne B., _Morals-Based Justifications for Lawmaking: Before and After_
Lawrence v. Texas, 88 Minn. L. Rev. 1233 (May 2004).
Graff, E.J., _What is Marriage For?_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 541 (2003-4) (luncheon address at
symposium).
Hamilton, Vivian, _Mistaking Marriage for Social Policy_, 11 Va. J. Soc. Pol'y & L. 307 (Spring
2004).
Hampf, M. Michaela, _"Dykes" or "Whores": Sexuality and the Women's Army Corps in the
United States During World War II_, 27 Women's Studies Int'l Forum No. 1, 13 (Jan-Feb 2004).
Harcourt, Bernard E., _Foreward: "You Are Entering a Gay and Lesbian Free Zone": On the
Radical Dissents of Justice Scalia and the Other (Post-) Queers.
Raising Questions About
Lawrence, Sex Wars, and the Criminal Law_, 94 J. Crim. L. & Crimonology 503 (Spring 2004)
(Foreward to Supreme Court Review issue of 2002-03 Term).
Hassel, Diana, _Lawrence v. Texas: Evolution of Constitutional Doctrine_, 9 Roger Williams U.
L. Rev. 565 (Spring 2004).
Helfer, Laurence R., _Constitutional Analogies in the International Legal System_, 37 Loy. L.A.
L. Rev. 193 (Fall 2003) (symposium on The Emerging Transnational Constitution).
Herald, Marybeth, _A Bedroom of One's Own: Morality and Sexual Privacy after_ Lawrence v.
Texas, 16 Yale J. L. & Feminism 1 (2004).
Hill, J.L., _The Five Faces of Freedom in American Political and Constitutional Thought_, 45
B.C. L. Rev. 499 (May 2004).
Hunter, Nan D., _Living with_ Lawrence, 88 Minn. L. Rev. 1103 (May 2004).
Infanti, Anthony C., _The Internal Revenue Code as Sodomy Statute_, 44 Santa Clara L. Rev.
763 (2004) (essay) (see below under Specially Noted).
Jackson, Vicki C., _Transnational Discourse, Relational Authority, and the U.S. Court: Gender
Equality_, 39 Tex. Int'l L.J. 271 (Spring 2004) (symposium on Globalization and the Judiciary).
Jenkins, Ronny E., _Judicial Foundations of the Opposition of the Holy See to Same-Sex
Unions: Sexual Orientation in Decisions of the Tribunal of the Roman Rota_, 62 The Jurist 341
(2002).
Jones, Leigh, _Gay Divorce As New Practice Area: Lawyers Prepare for Unchartered [sic]
Waters," Nat'l L.J., June 28, 2004, p.1.
Katz, Katheryn D., _Family Law_, 54 Syracuse L. Rev. 1127 (2004) (From 2002-2003 Survey of
New York Law).
Kavanagh, Matthew M., _Rewriting the Legal Family: Beyond Exclusivity to a Care-Based
Standard_, 16 Yale J. L. & Feminism 83 (2004).
Kelbley, Charles A., _Are There Limits to Constitutional Change? Rawls on Comprehensive
Doctrines, Unconstitutional Amendments, and the Basis of Equality_, 72 Fordham L. Rev. 1487
(April 2004) (Symposium on Rawls and the Law).
Knauer, Nancy J., _Lawrence v. Texas: When "Profound and Deep Convictions" Collide With
Liberty Interests_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 325 (Winter 2004) (Symposium: Privacy Rights in
a Post Lawrence World: Responses to Lawrence v. Texas).
Kohm, Lynne Marie, _Moral Realism and the Adoption of Children by Homosexuals_, 38 New
Eng. L. Rev. 643 (2003-4).
Koppelman, Andrew, Lawrence_'s Penumbra_, 88 Minn. L. Rev. 1171 (May 2004).
Kosse, Susan Hanley, _Try, Try Again: Will Congress Ever Get it Right?
A Summary of
Internet Pornography Laws Protecting Children and Possible Solutions_, 38 U. Richmond L.
Rev. 721 (May 2004).
Lerner, Rabbi Devon, _Why We Support Same-Sex Marriage: A Response From Over 450
Clergy_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 527 (2003-4).
Levinson, Sanford, _Looking Abroad When Interpreting the U.S. Constitution: Some
Reflections_, 39 Tex. Int'l L.J. 353 (Spring 2004) (symposium on Globalization and the
Judiciary).
Loewy, Karen M., _The Unconstitutionality of Excluding Same-Sex Couples From Marriage_,
38 New Eng. L. Rev. 555 (2003-4).
Lynch, Kelly J., _Best Friends? Supreme Court Law Clerks on Effective Amicus Curiae Briefs_,
20 J. L. & Pol. 33 (Winter 2004) (essential reading for public interest lawyers; includes
discussion of amicus briefs in gay rights cases, and indicates that groups from established public
interest law firms are more likely to be read and seen as authoritative sources).
Markovits, Richard S., _Learning From the Foreigners: A Response to Justice Scalia's and
Professor Levinson's Professional Moral Parochialism_, 39 Tex. Int'l L.J. 367 (Spring 2004)
(Symposium issue on Globalization and the Judiciary; responding to Levinson, above).
McDonnell, Brett H., _Is Incest Next?_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 337 (Winter 2004)
(Symposium: Privacy Rights in a Post Lawrence World: Responses to Lawrence v. Texas).
McGowan, Miranda Oshige, _From Outlaws to Ingroup:_ Romer, Lawrence,_ and the Inevitable
Normativity of Group Recognition_, 88 Minn. L. Rev. 1312 (May 2004).
Miller, Dale E., _Terminating Employees For Their Political Speech_, 109 Business & Society
Rev. 225 (Summer 2004).
Mitnick, Eric J., _Three Models of Group-Differentiated Rights_, 35 Col. Hum. Rts. L. Rev. 215
(Spring 2004).
Mohr, Richard D., _The Shag-a-Delic Supreme Court: "Anal Sex," "Mystery," "Destiny," and
the "Transcendant" in Lawrence v. Texas_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 365 (Winter 2004).
Moynihan, Sean, Book Review, _The Case for Constitutional Evolution: Rebutting Conservative
Complaints of Judicial Activism in "The Imperial Judiciary: Why the Right is Wrong About the
Courts"_, 81 Denver U. L. Rev. 191 (2003).
Robson, Ruthann, _The Missing Word in Lawrence v. Texas_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 397
(Winter 2004) (Symposium: Privacy Rights in a Post Lawrence World: Responses to Lawrence
v. Texas).
Rosato, Jennifer L., _The Children of Art (Assisted Reproductive Technology): Should the Law
Protect Them From Harm?_, 2004 Utah L. Rev. 57.
Ruger, Theodore W., Pauline T. Kim, Andrew D. Martin, and Kevin M. Quinn, _The Supreme
Court Forecasting Project: Legal and Political Science Approaches to Predicting Supreme Court
Decisionmaking_, 104 Colum. L. Rev. 1150 (May 2004) (Computers outscore Supreme Court
specialists in predicting whether the S.Ct. will affirm or reverse).
Seligsohn, Andrew J., _Choosing Liberty Over Equality and Sacrificing Both: Equal Protection
and Due Process in Lawrence v. Texas_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 411 (Winter 2004)
(Symposium: Privacy Rights in a Post Lawrence World: Responses to Lawrence v. Texas).
Spindelman, Marc, _Sex Equality Panic_, 13 Col. J. Gender & L. 1 (2004).
Stein, Edward, _Introducing Lawrence v. Texas: Some Background and a Glimpse of the
Future_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 263 (Winter 2004) (Symposium: Privacy Rights in a Post
Lawrence World: Responses to Lawrence v. Texas).
Stevens, L., and M. Hooghe, _The Swing of the Pendulum: The Detraditionalisation of the
Regulation of Sexuality and Intimacy in Belgium (1973-2003)_, 31 Int'l J. Sociology of L. 131
(June 2003).
Strasser, Mark, _Adoption and the Best Interests of the Child: On the Use and Abuse of Studies_,
38 New Eng. L. Rev. 629 (2003-4).
Suffredini, Kara S., and Madeleine v. Findley, _Speak Now: Progressive Considerations on the
Advent of Civil Marriage for Same-Sex Couples_, 45 Boston Coll. L. Rev. 595 (May 2004)
(essay).
Sweeney, Belinda, _Trans-ending Women's Rights: The Politics of Trans-Inclusion in the Age of
Gender_, 27 Women's Studies Int'l Forum No. 1, 75 (Jan.-Feb. 2004).
Tushnet, Mark, _Transnational Domestic Constitutional Law_, 37 Loy. L.A. L. Rev. 239 (Fall
2003) (symposium on The Emerging Transnational Constitution).
Waaldijk, Kees, _Others May Follow: The Introduction of Marriage, Quasi-Marriage, and Semi-
Marriage for Same-Sex Couples in European Countries_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 569 (2003-4).
Ward, Stephanie Francis, _Avoiding Lawrence: Courts Considering Last Year's Major Gay
Rights Ruling Are Treading Carefully_, 90-JUN A.B.A. J. 16 (June 2004).
Weinreb, Lloyd, _A Secular Theory of Natural Law_, 72 Fordham L. Rev. 2287 (May 2004)
(proposes a theory of natural law that embraces the right of gay people to express their sexuality
without government interference; perhaps as noteworthy for being published in the law review of
a Catholic law school as for its content!).
Weinstein, Jamie, and Tobyn DeMarco, _Challenging Dissent: The Ontology and Logic of
Lawrence v. Texas_, 10 Cardozo Women's L.J. 423 (Winter 2004) (Symposium: Privacy Rights
in a Post Lawrence World: Responses to Lawrence v. Texas).
Weiser, Jay, _Foreward: The Next Normal - Developments Since Marriage Rights For Same-Sex
Couples in New York_, 13 Colum. J. Gender & L. 48 (2004).
Wells, Michael, _International Norms in Constitutional Law_, 32 Ga. J. Int'l & Comp. L. 429
(Spring 2004).
Whitebread, Charles H., _Decisions of the United States Supreme Court 2002-2003 Term: Four
Stars and an Interesting Supporting Case_, 25 Whittier L. Rev. 695 (Summer 2004) (includes
extensive discussion of Lawrence v. Texas as one of the "star" decisions of the term).
Whitten, Ralph U., _Choice of Law, Jurisdiction, and Judgment Issues in Interstate Adoption_,
31 Capital U. L. Rev. 803 (2003).
Zick, Timothy, _Cross Burning, Cockfighting, and Symbolic Meaning: Toward a First
Amendment Ethnography_, 45 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 2261 (April 2004).
_Student Articles:_
Atkinson, J. Andrew, _King Arthur in a Yankee Court: The United States Supreme Court's Use
of European Law in Lawrence v. Texas_, 10 ILSA J. Of Int'l & Comp. L. 143 (Fall 2003).
Coleman, Andrea Celina, _Cognitive Dissonance Theory: A Case Study of_ Loving v. Virginia,
Bowers v. Hardwick, and Lawrence v. Texas, 10 Wash. & Lee Race & Ethnic Ancestry L.J. 75
(Spring 2004).
Crane, Jonah M.A., _Legislative and Constitutional Responses to_ Goodridge v. Department of
Public Health, 7 NYU J. Legis. & Pub. Pol. 465 (2004).
Dugan, Kate, _Regulating What's Not Real: Federal Regulation in the Aftermath of_ Ashcroft v.
Free Speech Coalition, 48 St. Louis U. L. J. 1063 (Spring 2004).
Emond, Robert, _Does the Equal Protection Analysis in Lawrence Make Bans on Same-Sex
Marriage Unconstitutional?_, 26 T. Jefferson L. Rev. 447 (Spring 2004).
Enright, John O., _New York's Post-September 11, 2001 Recognition of Same-Sex
Relationships: A Victory Suggestive of Future Change_, 72 Fordham L. Rev. 2823 (May 2004).
Gesing, Erica, _The Fight to Be A Parent: How Courts Have Restricted the Constitutionally-
Based Challenges Available to Homosexuals_, 38 New Eng. L. Rev. 841 (2003-4).
Glassman, Kimberly Menashe, _Balancing the Demands of the Workplace with the Needs of the
Modern Family: Expanding Family and Medical Leave to Protect Domestic Partners_, 37 U.
Mich. J. L. Reform 837 (Spring 2004).
Goad, Amanda C., _Book Note: Gay Rights and American Law, by Daniel R. Pinello_, 39 Harv.
C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 275 (Winter 2004).
Goehring, Jeffrey, Lawrence v. Texas_: Dignity, A New Standard for Substantive Rational Basis
Review?_, 13 L. & Sexuality 727 (2004).
Hilzendeger, Keith J., _Walking Title VII's Tightrope: Advice for Gay and Lesbian Title VII
Plaintiffs_, 13 L. & Sexuality 705 (2004) (winner of the NLGLA Michael Greenberg Writing
Competition.
Mr. Hilzendeger wrote this article as a student at Arizona State College of Law,
from which he is a 2004 graduate).
Hopbell, Maureen S., _Balancing the Protection of Children Against the Protection of
Constitutional Rights: The Past, Present and Future of Megan's Law_, 42 Duquesne L. Rev. 331
(2004).
Jones, Patricia A., Case Note, _Lawrence v. Texas_, 10 Wash. & Lee Race & Ethnic Ancestry
L.J. 143 (Spring 2004).
Joshi, Margi, K.B. v. National Health Service Pensions Agency and the Secretary of State for
Health_: The Influence of Human Rights Law in Protecting Transsexuals from Employment
Discrimination_, 13 L. & Sexuality 739 (2004).
Leitner, Robert C., _A Flawed System Exposed: The Immigration Adjudicatory System and
Asylum for Sexual Minorities_, 58 U. Miami L. Rev. 679 (Jan. 2004).
Naeger, Jennifer, _And Then There Were None: The Repeal of Sodomy Laws After Lawrence v.
Texas and Its Effect on the Custody and Visitation Rights of Gay and Lesbian Parents_, 78 St.
John's L. Rev. 397 (Spring 2004).
Nist, Todd A., _Finding the Right Approach: A Constitutional Alternative for Shielding Kids
from Harmful Materials Online_, 65 Ohio St. L. J. 451 (2004).
Norrie, Kenneth McK, Bellinger v. Bellinger_, the House of Lords and the Gender Recognition
Bill_, 8 Edinburgh L. Rev. 93 (Jan. 2004).
Note, _Litigating the Defense of Marriage Act: The Next Battleground for Same-Sex Marriage_,
117 Harv. L. Rev. 2684 (June 2004).
Note, _Making Outcasts Out of Outlaws: The Unconstitutionality of Sex Offender Registration
and Criminal Alien Detention_, 117 Harv. L. Rev. 2731 (June 2004).
Peterson, Meghan M., _The Right Decision for the Wrong Reason: The Supreme Court Correctly
Invalidates the Texas Homosexual Sodomy Statute, But Rather Than Finding an Equal Protection
Violation in Lawrence v. Texas, the Court Incorrectly and Unnecessarily Overrules Bowers v.
Hardwick_, 37 Creighton L. Rev. 653 (April 2004).
Recent Cases, _Constitutional Law - Substantive Due Process - Eleventh Circuit Upholds Florida
Statute Barring Gays From Adopting - Lofton v. Secretary of the Department of Children &
Family Services, 538 F.3d 804 (11th Cir. 2004), 117 Harv. L. Rev. 2791 (June 2004) (critical of
the court's failure to follow the new mode of due process liberty analysis articulated by the
Supreme Court in _Lawrence v. Texas_).
Snider, Mark Andrew, _Viewpoint Discrimination by Public Universities: Student Religious
Organizations and Violations of University Nondiscrimination Policies_, 61 Wash. & Lee L.
Rev. 841 (Spring 2004).
Stein, Emily, _Langan v. St. Vincent's Hospital_, 48 N.Y.L.S. L. Rev. 871 (2003/04) (case
comment on holding that surviving Vermont civil union partner had standing to bring wrongful
death action as a "spouse" in New York).
Wang, Ann-Yu, Flores v. Morgan Hill Unified School District_: Behind the Specter of Qualified
Immunity - Applying the Appropriate Standard for Summary Judgment Under Equal
Protection_, 13 L. & Sexuality 753 (2004).
Woudenberg, Anita Y., _Giving DOMA Some Credit: The Validity of Applying Defense of
Marriage Acts to Civil Unions Under the Full Faith and Credit Clause_, 38 Valparaiso U. L. Rev.
1509 (Summer 2004).
Wu, Felix, _United States v. American Library Ass'n: The Children's Internet Protection Act,
Library Filtering, and Institutional Roles_, 19 Berkeley Tech. L.J. 555 (2004).
_Specially Noted:_
The cover story for the July 2004 issue of the _American Bar Association Journal_ is titled "The
Changing Face of Gay Legal Issues," and includes interviews with a variety of attorneys in
practice and in active roles in the ABA, including Frederick Hertz, Tamara Koz, Courtney Joslin,
Joan Burda (author of a forthcoming ABA publication on estate planning for same-sex couples),
Ralph Brashier (author of the recently published _Inheritance Law and the Evolving Family_),
Sandra Morgan Little, and Victoria Neilson.
Gay law is now front-page news for the largest
association of lawyers in the United States.
The new 7th edition of _Employment Discrimination Law: Cases and Materials on Equality in the
Workplace_, by Robert Belton, Dianne Avery, Maria L. Ontiveros, and Roberto L. Corrado
(Thomson-West, 2004), provides the most extensive and in-depth coverage of sexual orientation
and gender identity in any law school casebook that we have seen (and your editor, who teaches
Employment Law, Employment Discrimination Law, and Sexuality and the Law, examines each
new casebook in the field with a particular eye towards such
coverage).
Some casebooks still
relegate this subject to a subsection in the coverage on sex discrimination, while others have
begun to spin out separate, rather thin, chapters.
The new edition of Belton Avery boasts a 38-
page chapter, an all-time high, and suffers only from having gone to press too soon to include the
new 6th Circuit decision in _Smith v. City of Salem_ [see above].
Anyone teaching an
Employment Discrimination course who wants to include thorough coverage of the law in the
areas covered by _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ should seriously consider adopting this book.
Belatedly but specially noted: A recent article by Anthony C. Infanti on the Internal Revenue
Code as a sodomy statute, noted above, mentions an earlier article that devoted substantial
attention to the argument that the IRC discriminates based on sexual orientation, an article we
missed due to its title, but we wanted to note it here for those who are interested in the topic:
Steve R. Johnson, _Targets Missed and Targets Hit: Critical Tax Studies and Effective Tax
Reform_, 76 N.C. L. Rev. 1771 (1998).
As summarized by Infanti, Johnson concluded using
cost-benefit analysis that the failure to recognize same-sex partners as spouses does not, on
balance, work discrimination against gay people at a macro level, because cumulation of same-
sex couple incomes in the spousal manner would subject them to higher tax brackets.
Disputes
Johnson's conclusion, and points out some of the incredible complexities and potential pitfalls
awaiting unmarried same-sex partners with merged finances attempting to cope honestly with the
federal tax code.
The symposia on _Lawrence v. Texas_ have begun appearing in print, which
helps to explain the explosion of articles on the subject above.
We will
not note the _Lawrence_ symposia separately, but will list the individual
substantive articles.
Particularly noteworthy is the extensive commentary
about the impact of the Court's citation of non-U.S. legal authority in
_Lawrence_.
International law scholars see hopeful signs that the U.S. courts
will become more cognizant of evolving international human rights standards.
Of course, same-sex marriage developments have also started generating
symposia.
The Summer 2004 issue of _the Public Interest_ (Issue No. 156) includes a
section of short articles collectively titled _Considerations on Gay
Marriage_, consisting of an article by Susan Shell titled "The Liberal Case
Against Gay Marriage," and three short articles collective titled
"Conservative Policy Dilemmas" and subtitled "What I Learned at AEI," by
Jonathan Rauch, "What Marriage Is," by Michael Novak, and "Marriage Lite," by
Charles Murray.
The July 5, 2004, issue of _The Nation_ (Vol. 279, No. 1) is devoted to the
topic "State of the Union: The Marriage Issue." It includes numerous articles
from a wide variety of authorities, most of whom comment on the current
same-sex marriage controversies.
The issue also features a page of graphic
features on current marriage statistics, including the interesting datum
that between 1950 and the present, the number of U.S. households headed by a
traditionally married couples has fallen from more than 75% to about 52%.
This entire drop occurred during a time when same-sex marriage was
unavailable anywhere in the U.S., so it appears that the growing heterosexual
aversion to traditional marriage is unrelated to the recent same-sex
marriage developments in the U.S.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Fidler, David P., _Fighting the Axis of Illness: HIV/AIDS, Human Rights, and
U.S. Foreign Policy_, 17 Harv. Hum. Rts. J. 99 (Spring 2004).
Wolf, Leslie E., and Richard Vezina, _Crime and Punishment: Is There a Role
for Criminal Law in HIV Prevention Policy?_, 25 Whittier L. Rev. 821
(Summer 2004).
_Student Articles:_
Statutory Survey, _State Statutes Dealing with HIV and AIDS: A
Comprehensive State-by-State Summary_, 13 L. & Sexuality 1 (2004) (by the
student staff of the journal; a full-text cumulation running 600 pages).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian & Gay Law
Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL Foundation, Inc. All comments
in _Publications Noted_ are attributable to the Editor. Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is welcome and will
be published subject to editing for space. Please address correspondence to
the Editor or send via e-mail._