http://www.magician.org/privacy-policy
About The I.B.M.HistoryLocal I.B.M. RingsAdvertise with The I.B.M.Bylaws/Standing RulesBoard of TrusteesTerritorial Vice PresidentsI.B.M. RegaliaOrder of MerlinI.B.M. Contests
Ring 2100Why Join the I.B.M.I.B.M. ApplicationMember BenefitsTestimonials
The Linking Ring LoginWhat is The Linking Ring?The Linking Ring HistoryAdvertise in The Linking RingThe Linking Ring Collection
Registration - PITTSBURGH 2021Cancellation PolicyConvention Hotel2020 I.B.M. ConventionLance Burton Teen Seminar2019 I.B.M. Convention Souvenir Program
Blog/ArticlesMember DirectoryI.B.M. Endowment and Development FundRing ResourcesRoberto Giobbi's Intro to Card MagicI.B.M. JAMThe I.B.M. Benevolent Show ProgramThe Magic Show DirectoryLecture DirectoryJAM VideosLiability Insurance
Contact Emails for I.B.M. Officers
Home
About
Join the I.B.M.
The Linking Ring
Convention
Resources
Contact
MY ACCOUNT
Privacy Policy
I.B.M.
is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals. This page summarizes the privacy policy and practises of our organisation's website. Collection of Personal Information
I.B.M.
does not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number, or email address. This information is only obtained if you provide it voluntarily, through contacting us by email or by filling out an online form. The collection, retention and disclosure of personal information, online or offline, by I.B.M.
is governed by the federal ‘Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act’, as well as by provincial privacy statutes and regulations in those Provinces which have enacted their own similar legislation. This means that, at the point of collection, you will be informed that your personal information is being collected, the purpose for which it is being collected, and that you have a right to access any information collected by us.
Collection of Computer Information and Internet Data
I.B.M.
logs HTTP requests to our server. These logs capture computer information, page navigation and visitor click data. While some of the information collected does not identify who you are, other information, such as your domain name or IP address, may identify you depending on the naming standards followed by your Internet Service Provider. You may wish to ask them about their policies and practises. Generally, the nature of the Internet addressing allows I.B.M.
to associate any IP address with a particular Internet Service Provider or network. We make no attempt to associate these IP addresses with the personal information of an individual site visitor, although server logs including IP addresses may be used by us to analyze web traffic to better understand what information and services are of most interest to visitors. In a case of abuse of our website, I.B.M.
may report the IP address of a suspected abuser to the appropriate law enforcement authorities.
Cookies and Links
We may use ‘cookies’. I.B.M.
web servers are able to use 'cookie' technology to keep track of the web browsers with which they are communicating. 'Cookie' related data will not be permanently stored on I.B.M.
web servers. Information stored temporarily by such means will not include a visitor's name, address or sensitive data such as a credit card number, even when a credit card is used for an online donation. The I.B.M.
website includes links to other web pages or sites operated by third parties. Certain links may take you away from the I.B.M.
website. Our privacy policy will not apply to destinations over which we have no direct control. Other Means of Communication
Should, for any reason, you wish to obtain information from I.B.M. , or otherwise contact us, without continuing use of our website, kindly utilize the address, phone number, fax number, and contact information listed at the bottom of every I.B.M.
website page. Collection of Email Subscription Information
I.B.M.
does collect names and email addresses which are provided voluntarily by those who use the ‘Subscribe’ form on our website, in order to send regular e-mail messages containing information about our ministry. In every email we send to those on our contact list, there is a link which allows the recipient to unsubscribe. Clicking this link will ensure that no further email subscription information is received.
OUR SPONSORS  -  VIEW ALL
CONTACT US TODAY ADDRESS The International Brotherhood of Magicians 13 Point West Blvd St Charles, MO 63301-4431 USA PHONE 636.724.2400  Fax: 636.724.8566  Email The I.B.M. Today!
Home
About
Join the I.B.M.
The Linking Ring
Convention
Resources
Contact
Copyright ©2005-2020 by The International Brotherhood of Magicians. All rights reserved
13 Point West Blvd., St. Charles, MO 63301-4431 USA
PHONE: 636.724.2400
FAX: 636.724.8566
Privacy Policy | Designed by Tenth Floor Studios and Powered by REDTAIL