https://www.nala.ie/policy/nalas-policy-work-in-education-and-training/
[login-with-ajax]
Free courses
Tutors
Teaching resources
All resources
Student workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Learn with NALA
Help with teaching
Getting started as a tutor
Training events
Research
Integrating literacy
Services
Services
Plain English
Editing & Training Services
Plain English Awards
Plain English Mark
Plain English Tips
Integrating Literacy in Further Education Training
Health literacy
Crystal Clear Mark
Health sector services
Public Health Literacy
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Workplace basic education
Research & policy
Research & policy
Access to public services
Education & training
Family literacy
Policy
Health literacy
Literacy & employment
NALA’s six recommendations
Research Reports
Literacy in Ireland
Student advocacy
Support us
Support us
Make a Donation
Become a Member
Corporate sponsorships
Support our campaign
2020 General Election campaign
NALA’s policy work in education and training
NALA advocates that all adults with literacy, numeracy and digital needs and or less than a Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) Level 4 qualification should have access to a high quality and relevant learning programme with a local education and training provider that meets the person’s literacy development needs.
Why we need literacy development in education and training?
Literacy changes lives and we know that in 2017 only 62,736 adults with literacy needs (12%) are accessing adult literacy services. That means there are 457,000 adults who have unmet literacy needs, many whom are in the workplace and in some further education and training (FET).
Currently adults (both working and unemployed) can usually only access between 2 and 6 hours adult literacy tuition per week (through the ITABE programme – Intensive Tuition in Adult Basic Education) or a Back to Education Initiative part-time course if available. There is a current gap in intensive or full-time provision for the number of adults who need effective supports and pathways.
1 Answer to parliamentary question number 350 on 15 January 2019 https://www.oireachtas.ie/en/debates/question/2019-01-15/350/#pq_350
In the context of further education and training (FET), NALA works to ensure that FET courses are inclusive of, and effective for, adults who may have language, literacy or numeracy needs. This is called ‘integrating literacy’. ‘Integrating literacy’ means designing and delivering courses in ways that remove unnecessary literacy barriers and that develop the key course-related language, literacy and numeracy. It requires education and training providers to take a whole-organisation approach to literacy.
What have we achieved so far?
We have achieved:
New innovative models of delivering adult literacy, such as Intensive Tuition in Adult Basic Education (ITABE) programme, workplace basic education.
Developing and supporting an implementation plan for integrating literacy and numeracy in all further education and training provision.
Raising awareness of and delivering literacy through the media – radio and television.
Offering distance learning opportunities for learners.
What do we need now?
NALA believes in greater access to literacy supports for all adults with unmet literacy, numeracy and digital needs and or less than a QQI Level 4 qualification. They should have access to a high quality and relevant learning programme with a local education and training provider that meets the person’s literacy development needs.
NALA recommends the following:
More intensive and flexible options are made available to learners.
Giving appropriate supports as required such as income, transport, child and elder care.
Offering work placement where appropriate and progression opportunities.
Increased investment in the Skills for Work programme to target employees with unmet literacy and numeracy needs in particular sectors.
Developing new and innovative ways to improve literacy such as:
blended and distance learning,
family literacy, financial literacy, health literacy and media literacy programmes,
bridging programmes to prepare people for other training, and integrating literacy into vocational education and training programmes.
Key research and submissions
NALA Submission to SOLAS on the Further Education and Training Strategy consultation (2019)
NALA Pre-budget submission 2020 (2019)
Living Literacy: a whole-organisation approach to integrating literacy in a vocational training setting (NALA, 2009)
Literacy-friendly further education and training: An exploration of the potential for a whole organisation approach to integrating language and literacy in further education and training in Ireland (NALA, 2009)
Guidelines
Integrating Literacy: Guidelines for further education and training centres (NALA, 2013)
Integrating literacy guidelines for vocational and workplace trainers (NALA, 2016)
Sign up to be kept up to date on our latest campaigns.
Full Name*Email*
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Text 'LEARN' to 50050
About us
What we do
Annual reports
NALA staff
NALA board
Publications
News and Events
Contact us
Free courses
Learn with NALA
Learn online
Log-in
Tutors
Literacy workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Student information
Services
Plain English
Integrating Literacy in FET
Health literacy
Workplace basic education
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Research & policy
Literacy in Ireland
Research reports
Policy
Student advocacy
Support us
Become a Member
Privacy Statement
Sandford Lodge, Sandford Close, Ranelagh, Dublin 6, Ireland, DO6 YF65.
Phone 01 4127900 | Fax 01 4976038 | Email info@nala.ie
Company No 342807 | CHY: 8506 | RCN: 20020965
Adult Literacy is co-funded by the Irish Government and the European Social Fund (ESF) as part of the ESF Programme for Employability, Inclusion and Learning 2014-2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
You can read our privacy statement here.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.