http://www.blueridgesoftware.bz/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
At Blueridge Software, we respect your right to privacy and want you to feel comfortable and confident when using our web site. We may ask you to provide information when you download free evaluation software, upgrades, white papers, or respond to a marketing campaign on the www.blueridgesoftware.bz site.
Blueridge Software does not sell or rent any user-provided information to third parties.
When you provide Blueridge Software with your name (or alias), email address, mailing address, or telephone number, Blueridge Software and Blueridge Software representatives may use the provided information to alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, classes, new services, and other Blueridge Software related information. (“Representatives” include value-added resellers and authorized training partners.)
Blueridge Software respects the rights users give us when opting to receive email communications and enforces internal policies to preserve those rights. It is our objective to retain the long-term ability to continue to communicate with our users. You may stop future contact of this type, simply by following the unsubscribe instructions that accompany all such communications.
Security of Your Personal Information
Blueridge Software carefully protects the security of the personal information you provide. Personal information we collect is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access, and we protect this information from loss or misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Blueridge Software would like to receive your comments and questions about this Privacy Policy
Please address comments or questions regarding Blueridge Software’s Privacy Policy to one of the addresses listed below (online, email, or postal mail). Blueridge Software may occasionally update, amend, or change this Privacy Policy based on user feedback and as needed or appropriate. All policy changes will be posted, and you will always have the opportunity to change your preferences.
Links
Blueridge Software web sites may contain links to other “non-Blueridge Software” sites. Blueridge Software assumes no responsibility for the content or the privacy policies and practices of such web sites. Blueridge Software encourages you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites; their privacy practices may differ from ours.
Privacy Complaints
Blueridge Software takes the privacy concerns of the users of its web site seriously. If you believe that Blueridge Software has not complied with this Online Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, you may write the Blueridge Software Privacy Officer at the address indicated below.
In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Blueridge Software Online Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly.
Blueridge Software, Inc.
30025 Alicia Parkway, Suite 138
Laguna Niguel, CA 92677
customerservice@blueridgesoftware.bz
Quick Links
Product Information
Support
Contract Management Blog
Testimonials
Latest Tweetswww.sdcexec.com/news/12103868/…August 17, 2015 2:27 pmQuestions?
Blueridge Software, Inc
30025 Alicia parkway, Suite 138
Laguna Niguel, CA 92677
Toll Free:1 (877) 509-7500
Internation: 1 (949) 509-7500
Fax: 1 (888) 398-3666
info@contractassistant.com
Cancel