http://www.theblueline.com/privacy/
Become a Member
Member Log in
Toggle navigation
Find a Job
Public Safety Management Jobs
Post a Job
Become a Member
Recruiters
Recruit with Us
Our Clients
Post a Job
AA, BA, or Master's Degree
Banner Ads
HomePrivacy Notice
Police Training
Privacy and Legal Statement
Important Legal Notice
The Blue Line: Police Opportunity Monitor, TheBlueLine.com, The Brass Key, ThePoliceExecutive.com and Checkpoint Press, Inc. (herein referred inclusively as TheBlueLine.com) take no responsibility for the the content of listings provided by employers, or the outcome of employer and candidate employment negotiations. It is incumbent upon users of this service to screen and qualify each other. We also reserve the right to refuse listings deemed offensive, illegal, or fraudulent. By using TheBlueLine.com and the information it provides, you agree to all of the aforementioned conditions and statements.
Privacy Statement for TheBlueLine.com
Checkpoint Press, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for TheBlueLine.com website.
We do not sell users' information to anyone.
Your IP address is only used to gather broad demographic information.
This site contains links to other sites. TheBlueLine.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. If you have concerns regarding privacy at these sites, check their privacy statements from a computer other than your own. Library computers are excellent for this type of research.
Our site uses a form for employers and visitors to enter information. We collect visitor's contact information like name, address, email address, and website URL. User's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Job seekers purchasing products or subscriptions online pay via charge card at PayPal.com You can check PayPal.com's privacy policy at: www.paypal.com
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site, Burst!Media, LLC. These ads may contain cookies. Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. You can check their privacy policy at: www.burstmedia.com.
We link to Amazon.com. You can check their privacy policy at: www.amazon.com
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Contact information provided by users is only provided to job seekers or employers for the purpose of employer/job seeker communication. Only broad demographic information is disseminated outside our company and no admission is allowed to our databases.
Choice/Opt-Out
We give users the following options for removing their information from our database, to not receive future communications, or to no longer receive our service. Email: mailinglist@theblueline.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
The Blue Line
872 S. Milwaukee Ave, #270
Libertyville, IL 60048
info@theblueline.com
Changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted here.
Featured Departments
Police JobsMadison - WIChicago - ILCicero - ILGresham - ORDes Plaines - ILBlue Island - ILBloomington - ILWauconda - ILWauconda - ILSouth Holland - ILRichmond - ILBeloit - WILa Grange Park - ILChicago - ILStreamwood - ILPingree Grove - ILPingree Grove - ILIndian Head Park - ILMcHenry - ILNorthlake - ILWheaton - ILWinthrop Harbor - ILOak Park - ILStreator - ILLake in the Hills - ILCasper - WYCrystal Lake - ILHazel Crest - IL
Fire JobsBensenville - ILBensenville - ILCalumet Park - ILClarendon Hills - ILRiverdale - ILCrete Township - ILTinley Park - ILBrookfield - ILHomewood - ILZion - ILStickney - ILDes Plaines - ILMatteson - ILHomewood - ILHanover Park - ILVernon Hills - IL
Civilian JobsSt. Charles - ILCicero - ILWinnetka - ILBrookfield - ILDes Plaines - ILVernon Hills - ILChicago - ILStreamwood - ILCalumet Park - ILLake Zurich - ILOak Lawn - ILMcHenry - ILWheaton - ILClarendon Hills - ILEvanston - IL
FREE JOB UPDATES
Police Jobs, Fire Jobs, Civilian Jobs
Your Email
State
- Select a State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Contact Us
The Blueline
872 S. Milwaukee Ave.
Libertyville, Illinois 60048
Phone: 847-548-0222
Fax: 847-548-0333
Email: info@theblueline.com
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
© 2009 The Blue Line. All rights reserved. View our privacy statement.