https://www.alpha.org.nz/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyalphaoffice2019-04-03T15:45:00+13:00
Privacy Policy
Alpha New Zealand respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our website, only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies to information collected on the following websites controlled by us: alpha.org.nz, run.alpha.org.nz, alphacourse.co.nz, donate.alpha.org.nz, marriageandparenting.org.nz, relationshipcentral.org.nz, shop.alpha.org.nz, themarriagecourse.org.nz, youthalpha.nz, youth.alpha.org.nz, youthalpha.org.nz
Part I. Information Collection
Alpha New Zealand collects information through our websites at several points. This information is provided by you through the use of various online forms.
Children’s Privacy
Alpha New Zealand does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 13 to divulge personal information.
Information Provided by You
We may hold the following information about primary visitors: names, gender, date of birth, marital status, religion, telephone numbers, email addresses and geographical locations.
Automatic Collection of Information
We collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information: Country of origin, ISP, IP Address, connection speed and browser type. We collect demographic data in order to monitor usage patterns. We collect this information through session information, browser cookies, and logging files.
Cookies
We do employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our web-server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable Alpha New Zealand to track usage patterns and deliver customised content to users. Our cookies do have an expiration date. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information.
Part II. Information Usage
Primary Use of Personal Information
The information collected by Alpha New Zealand will be used for processing any orders or event registrations placed through any of our websites and for maintaining up to date records.
Users who provide information may receive email receipts or announcements.
Secondary Use of Personal Information
Registered users may receive additional announcements from us about products, services, and newsletters. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
The information we collect may be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history.
Sharing Data with Third Parties
We may share data with the following third parties: Fastway Couriers (who deliver our orders), other national Alpha offices and other key contacts with whom it is necessary to share information.
Links from our Websites
We offer links to other websites. Please note: When you click on links to other websites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours.
Changes to This Policy
If our policy on information collection or uses changes, will advise you by email within 5 working days of such a change.
Part III. Access to Information
Access to Personal Data
You may request a copy of the personal data that we keep about you in a readable format for a charge of $20.00. If you wish to obtain a copy of this personal data you may do so by contacting us in any of the following ways:
Email: office@alpha.org.nz, Phone: 09 525 3139, Mail: Alpha New Zealand, PO Box 12675, Penrose, Auckland 1642
Alpha New Zealand maintains the accuracy of our information by routinely purging expired records.
Inaccurate Information
Users may contact us about inaccuracies they may find by emailing office@alpha.org.nz
Deleting Personal Data
Users may request that their personal data be deleted from our database by emailing alpha@alpha.org.nz
Please note that some personal data cannot be deleted straight away for statutory reasons.
Part IV. Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact Alpha International by:
Email: office@alpha.org.nz, Phone: 09 525 3139, Mail: Alpha New Zealand, PO Box 12675, Penrose, Auckland 1642
We are committed to resolving disputes within five working days.
Part V. Data Storage and Security
Alpha New Zealand protects user information with the following security measures: hardware firewalls, password protection, SSL encryption and other technology and procedures used to protect consumer privacy.
If you have any further questions about privacy or security, please contact us by sending an email to: office@alpha.org.nz
Disclaimer
The content on this website is provided for your personal and private non-commercial use only.  You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit this or any other content for any other purposes without the prior written consent of Alpha New Zealand.
Go to Top