http://www.yfc.org.au/privacy
Donate
Toggle navigation
Youth for Christ
About
Stories
Lost Boys
Overview
Lost Boys Blog
The Book
Prayer Campaign
Jesus Campaign
The Campaign
Disciple Making Training
Gospel Activation Training
Hope Movement
Get Involved
Prayer Team
Alumni - Your Stories
Abide - One Year Internship
Donate
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Twitter
Sign in with Email
Privacy Statement
Youth for Christ Australia is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Youth for Christ Australia Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Youth for Christ Australia website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Youth for Christ Australia collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Youth for Christ Australia also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your post code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Youth for Christ Australia. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Youth for Christ Australia for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Youth for Christ Australia Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Youth for Christ Australia public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Youth for Christ Australia does not read any of your private online communications.
Youth for Christ Australia encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Youth for Christ Australia so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Youth for Christ Australia is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Youth for Christ Australia and Youth for Christ Australia family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Youth for Christ Australia collects and uses your personal information to operate the Youth for Christ Australia Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Youth for Christ Australia also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Youth for Christ Australia and its affiliates. Youth for Christ Australia may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Youth for Christ Australia does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Youth for Christ Australia may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Youth for Christ Australia may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Youth for Christ Australia, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Youth for Christ Australia does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Youth for Christ Australia keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Youth for Christ Australia, in order to determine what Youth for Christ Australia services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Youth for Christ Australia to customers whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Youth for Christ Australia Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Youth for Christ Australia or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Youth for Christ Australia; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Youth for Christ Australia, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Youth for Christ Australia Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Youth for Christ Australia pages, or register with Youth for Christ Australia site or services, a cookie helps Youth for Christ Australia to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Youth for Christ Australia Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Youth for Christ Australia features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Youth for Christ Australia services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Youth for Christ Australia secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Youth for Christ Australia secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Youth for Christ Australia will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Youth for Christ Australia encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Youth for Christ Australia is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Youth for Christ Australia welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Youth for Christ Australia has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Youth for Christ Australia at info@yfc.org.au. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.