http://www.ndrs.ca/content/view/privacy-internetuse
2880 Venables St., Vancouver, B.C., Canada V5K 4Z6 | Map & Directions
Phone: (604) 255-5454
Fax: (604) 255-2115
Home
About
Our Story
Principal's Message
History & Philosophy
School Policies
Introduction
School Regulations & Sanctions
Uniform Policies
Common Prayers
Our Future
Our People
ND Teachers & Staff
ND Education Committee
Our Community
Feeder Schools
ND Alumni (website)
ND Building Committee (website)
CISVA (website)
Support ND
Info for Parents
Academics
ND Course Directory
School Day Timetable (PDF)
Academic Resources
Teacher Websites
Academic / Career Planning
Introduction
Graduation Requirements
Choosing ND Courses
Apprenticeship Programs
External Credit Courses
Post-Secondary Institutions
Scholarships & Awards
Accelerated Reader
Athletics & Activities
ND Athletics Website
Athletics & Activities Directory
What's New
News & Updates
ND School Calendar
ND Photo Gallery (Flickr)
Admissions
Overview & Guidelines
International Students Program
ND JUMPSTART
Apply Now
Student Services
Overview
Department Team
Courses & Services
Fundraising
Current Fundraisers
Contact
Contact Our Office
Privacy
Internet Use
Site Map
Internet Acceptable Use Policy
Notre Dame provides students access to the Internet with its informational resources, and searching and browsing tools. This access is a privilege, not a right, and it is made available only so long as you agree to our Acceptable Use Policy. Inappropriate use of the Internet will lead to suspension of user privileges, and possibly other consequences.
A list of guidelines follows, as well as a list of specific behaviours that may lead to the suspension or the termination of privileges.
Use of the Internet is generally intended for educational and/or research purposes.
When interacting with others on the Internet, students are expected to behave as they would in any other environment where they represent the school.
Using the Internet for illegal, inappropriate, or obscene purposes, or in support of such activities, is prohibited.
The Internet is a shared resource that must be used in moderation.
Students must be aware that there are other Notre Dame users who will want to access the Internet.
The use of "Chat" areas is not permitted.
The use of web-based mail services (e.g. HotMail) is not permitted at this time.
Playing on-line games is not permitted.
Inappropriate use of the Internet includes, but is not limited to the following:
the transmission of any materials in violation of Canadian or international laws;
the duplication, storage, or transmission of pornographic materials;
the transmission or posting of threatening, abusive, or obscene material;
the duplication, storage, or transmission of copyrighted material that violates copyright law;
the participation in pyramid schemes.
When interacting with others on the Internet, students should NOT:
criticize the spelling, writing or keyboarding of others;
re-post personal e-mail that they receive to public forums (e.g. listservs, newsgroups) without the permission of the author;
use abusive, vulgar, profane, obscene or other inappropriate language.
Consequences of a Violation of these Guidelines
These are dependent on the seriousness of the infraction:
loss of Internet access,
loss of access to networked computers,
no access to Notre Dame computing facilities of any sort (includes removal from a computer-dependent course),
ultimately, suspension or expulsion.
In each case the parent will be notified, as will the student's grade level coordinator and an Administrator.
Notre Dame is proud of its ongoing commitment to educational technology. Teachers and students will strive to ensure that this commitment is in no way threatened by any actions that could harm our community.
Know ~ Love ~ Serve.Notre Dame Regional Secondary School is a Catholic school, one with the mission of Christ, which seeks to educate the whole student - the body, the intellect, and the spirit. Notre Dame is committed to providing a safe and respectful environment for all its students.
Phone: (604) 255-5454
Fax: (604) 255-2115
E-mail: Office E-mail
Office Hours: 8 am - 4 pm, Mon - Fri
HOME | ABOUT ND | ACADEMICS | ACTIVITIES | ADMISSIONS | STUDENT SERVICES | CONTACT ND
© COPYRIGHT, NOTRE DAME REGIONAL SECONDARY SCHOOL.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Privacy | Site Map | Internet Use
Please report errors and omissions to the ND Office
2880 Venables Street
Vancouver, B.C., V5K 4Z6
Map & Directions