http://www.wowzone.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
As responsible citizens of the world, and pioneers on the internet, we are aware
that SPAM (unsolicited or unauthorized email) is wholeheartedly disliked by most people.
That's why it's our pledge to you that your email address will never be given to
anyone.
Your email is never listed on our site, not even in your submissions, unless you ask for it to be there. The only
place that you can personally make your information public, if you choose the option, is at The Open Forum. All
outside links to Companies Advertising at the WOW Super Mall have their own Customer Support, and WOW Zone does not
get any of your information.
It's easy to reach us at WOW Zone, since our email address is on every page
throughout the site. We also have a Contact page with a real physical
location, not just  a P.O. Box,
and where real people work. We get thousands of emails monthly, and we respond. You can reach us anytime by email,
and during standard business hours, Eastern Time (GMT-5; or same as New York
Time) on the telephone. We also take appointments for personal interaction such as
interviews, live or taped television or radio shows, and business relationships. If you're in the Montreal, Quebec,
Canada area and wish to meet, please write to us for an appointment.
We appreciate your visit and your spreading the word about our website. We went
online in June
1996, and we presently receive millions of visitors from around the world monthly. We're growing all the time,
constantly adding new and exciting material, because we want your visit to WOW to be one of the most pleasant
experiences of your day.
We want to thank everyone
who visits, and we send you our very best wishes.
Wish Only Well
The WOW Zone Team
http://www.wowzone.com
email: hello@wowzone.com
Contact Page: http://www.wowzone.com/contact.htm
WOW
Tour
WOW
Magazine
Peace
& WOW
WOW
Super Mall
Press
Room
Business
Zone
Site
Index
WOW
Forum
Photo
Album
wowzone.com
hello@wowzone.com