https://www.amnestyusa.org/privacy-policy/
Merch Store
2020 Activism Conference
Urgent Actions
Member Center
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for the Amnesty International USA Web site
This is the Web site for Amnesty International USA. Amnesty International USA has created this privacy notice to demonstrate our firm commitment to internet privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site. The type and amount of information received depends on how you use the site.
Amnesty International USA reserves the right to modify the information contained on this site at anytime without notice. This site and all information and materials on it are provided to you “as is” without warranty of any kind.
Normal Web site Usage
You can visit most portions of Amnesty International USA’s Web site without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect from a normal Web site visit is the name of your Internet service provider, the browser and type of machine you are using, the Web site that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time of those requests.
We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the site to our visitors. During a normal Web site visit, we do not collect or store personally identifiable information such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number or social security of the visitor.
We collect the IP addresses of visitors, time of access, browser type, and web pages visited. We collect this information on an aggregate basis only. For example, we track which pages are most popular among visitors as a whole. This information is used for internal review only and not shared with third parties. We do not track information on which pages an individual visitor might look at during a visit to our site. We do not collect any other information without the visitor’s knowledge and permission.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
There are instances where Amnesty International USA requests personally identifiable information to provide you with services or correspondence (such as petitions and actions). This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, type of request and possibly additional information, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data by Amnesty International USA and is used to fulfill your request. Amnesty International USA makes every effort to insure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies such as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). The information you provide is used by Amnesty International USA to improve the services we provide our visitors.
Personally identifiable information that you enter as part of the Web site’s online activism opportunities (such as the Human Rights Action Center) will not be given to any other organization.
The only circumstance in which Amnesty International may sell, rent, or exchange limited personally identifiable information (such as name and mailing address) with partner organizations is when persons join as dues-paying members online and become part of Amnesty’s regular membership list. Procedures for opting are listed below. Amnesty International does not sell, rent or exchange e-mail addresses to partners. Amnesty International, likewise, does not disclose any financial information to partners.
Some of the activist functions of our site require registration or personal information (like their name and email address). We use this information to track the usage of these features. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Our site uses order forms for users to request information, products and services, or to make donations. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and information on the referring Web site, if applicable. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our users. The user’s contact information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings.
The AIUSA Web site will not post personal contact information for volunteers, including their email address, street address and phone numbers, without that individual’s consent. Staff and volunteers who submit material for the Web site are responsible for securing permission from any volunteer whose personal contact information is to be posted on the Web site and for communicating that consent to Web site staff. Without such consent, Web site staff will withhold posting personal contact information for that individual.
Opting Out
All persons who join or donate to Amnesty International, whether via regular postal mail, over the phone or through the Web site, will receive periodic updates from Amnesty International by these same methods (regular mail, phone or e-mail). You may request limited mail updates or request no phone calls by contacting Member Services. Further, we may occasionally exchange or rent the names and postal addresses of our members with other organizations in exchange for access to their member or supporter lists, so that we can invite others to join Amnesty International. If you prefer to opt out having your name, address, email or phone number exchanged in this manner, please contact Member Services.
You can reach Member Services by sending an e-mail to [email protected], by phone at 1-212-633-4254 (M-F, 9a-5pm EST) or by writing to:
Member Services
Amnesty International USA
311 W 43rd Street, 7th Floor 16th Floor
New York, NY 10001
IMPORTANT: Please provide your full name and address, and your member ID# if possible, and the best way to reach you, when contacting Member Services, so that we can fulfill your requests promptly.
Outside Links
This site contains hypertext links to other sites. Amnesty International USA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Use of cookies
Amnesty International USA uses cookies for the following purposes:
to compile statistical data on the use of our website and its functioning, so that we can monitor and improve it;
Analytical performance cookies are used to monitor the performance of our websites, for example, to determine the number of page views and the number of unique users a website has. Web analytics services may be designed and operated by third parties. The information provided by these cookies allows us to analyse patterns of user behaviour and we use that information to enhance user experience or identify areas of the website which may require maintenance. The information is anonymous (i.e. it cannot be used to identify you and does not contain personal information such as your name and email address) and it is only used for statistical purposes.
to facilitate users’ ability to navigate through our website, including to allow registered users to access secure parts of our website;
to allow us to share our web pages via social media platforms.
These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our sites or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking site such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+. The social network will record that you have done this. This information may be linked to targeting/ advertising activities.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, your confidential use of this site cannot be guaranteed by Amnesty International USA. Amnesty International USA shall not be responsible for any harm that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality in respect to your use of this site or any information you transmitted to this site.
Visit Our Merch Store
Shop Now
JOIN OUR MOVEMENT
Fight injustice and help create a world where human rights are enjoyed by all.
Donate Now
SIGN UP TO TAKE ACTION
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Urgent Actions
#NoBanNoWall Protest Resources & Toolkits
Art For Amnesty
Events
Financials
Careers
FAQ
Contact Us
Merch Store
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how the site is used. The cookies do not identify you.
If you continue to use this site, we assume that you are okay with this.Ok