https://www.learnreligions.com/spiritual-gifts-helps-712403
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Christianity
Christian Life For Teens
Christianity Origins
The Bible
The New Testament
The Old Testament
Practical Tools for Christians
Christian Prayers
Weddings
Inspirational Bible Devotions
Denominations of Christianity
Funerals and Memorial Services
Christian Holidays
Christian Entertainment
Key Terms in Christianity
Catholicism
Latter Day Saints
View More
By
Kelli Mahoney
Christianity Expert
M.P.A., University of Illinois–Springfield
B.S., Psychology and Criminal Justice, Illinois State University.
Kelli Mahoney is a Christian youth worker and writer. She previously worked as an administrator for NXT, a high school Christian youth group.
our editorial process
Kelli Mahoney
Updated February 15, 2018
Spiritual Gift of Helps in Scripture:
1 Corinthians 12:27-28 - "Now you are the body of Christ, and each one of you is a part of it. And God has placed in the church first of all apostles, second prophets, third teachers, then miracles, then gifts of healing, of helping, of guidance, and of different kinds of tongues." NIV
Romans 12:4-8 - "For just as each of us has one body with many members, and these members do not all have the same function, so in Christ we, though many, form one body, and each member belongs to all the others. We have different gifts, according to the grace given to each of us. If your gift is prophesying, then prophesy in accordance with your faith; 7 if it is serving, then serve; if it is teaching, then teach; if it is to encourage, then give encouragement; if it is giving, then give generously; if it is to lead, do it diligently; if it is to show mercy, do it cheerfully." NIV
John 13:5 - "After that, he poured water into a basin and began to wash his disciples’ feet, drying them with the towel that was wrapped around him." NIV
1 Timothy 3:13- "Those who have served well gain an excellent standing and great assurance in their faith in Christ Jesus." NIV
1 Peter 4:11- "If anyone speaks, they should do so as one who speaks the very words of God. If anyone serves, they should do so with the strength God provides, so that in all things God may be praised through Jesus Christ. To him be the glory and the power for ever and ever. Amen." NIV
Acts 13:5- "When they arrived at Salamis, they proclaimed the word of God in the Jewish synagogues. John was with them as their helper." NIV
Matthew 23:11- "The greatest among you will be your servant." NIV
Philippians 2:1-4- "Is there any encouragement from belonging to Christ? Any comfort from his love? Any fellowship together in the Spirit? Are your hearts tender and compassionate? Then make me truly happy by agreeing wholeheartedly with each other, loving one another, and working together with one mind and purpose. Don’t be selfish; don’t try to impress others. Be humble, thinking of others as better than yourselves. Don’t look out only for your own interests, but take an interest in others, too. " NLT
What is the Spiritual Gift of Helps?
The person with the spiritual gift of helps is someone who tends to work behind the scenes to get things done. The individual with this gift will often do his/her job joyfully and take the responsibilities off of others shoulders. They have a personality that is humble and have no problems sacrificing time and energy to do God's work. They even have an ability to see what others need often before they even know they need it. People with this spiritual gift have a great attention to detail and tend to be very loyal, and they tend to go above and beyond in everything. They are often described as having a servant's heart.
The danger inherent in this spiritual gift is that the person could end up having more of a Martha attitude versus a Mary heart, meaning that they can become bitter about doing all the work while others have time to worship or have fun. It is also a gift that can be taken advantage of by others who will exploit a person with a servant's heart to get out of their own responsibilities. The spiritual gift of helps is often an unnoticed gift. Yet this gift is often an essential part of keeping things running and making sure everyone is cared for inside and out of the church. It should never be discounted or discouraged.
Is the Gift of Helps My Spiritual Gift?
Ask yourself the following questions. If you answer "yes" to many of them, then you may have the spiritual gift of helps:
Do you enjoy helping others get things done?Are you someone uncomfortable with attention who likes working behind the scenes?Do you prefer to support others versus lead them?Do you find yourself offering up your help when someone is in need?Do you have problems saying no when someone asks for your help?
Christianity: The Spiritual Gift of Mercy
Why Is Christian Fellowship so Important?
The Benefits of Spending Time With God
The Sin of Pride According to the Bible
A Novena to St. Anthony Mary Zaccaria
Spiritual Gifts: Hospitality
The Spiritual Gift of Prophecy
Spiritual Gifts: Administration
What Is Your Motivational Gift?
Spiritual Gift of Discernment and Christian Teens
What Does the Bible Say About Attending Church?
Bible Verses About Cultural Diversity
Scriptures and the Spiritual Gift of Healing
What Are the Spiritual Gifts?
What Is Spiritual Warfare?
Bible Verses on God's Comfort