https://www.starlightcanada.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Starlight Canada
Get Involved
Our Programs
Our Partners
Starlight Stories
EN
FR
DONATE
Making
children
smile.
Helping families cope.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment
Starlight Children’s Foundation® Canada (the “Foundation”) is committed to protecting the privacy and the confidentiality of the personal information collected by our Foundation, from our employees, donors, clients (Starlight families) and volunteers. We are aware of our responsibilities under the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). Any personally identifiable information about our employees, donors, clients and volunteers, is considered personal information, and will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Defining Personal Information
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. This information can include an individual’s opinions or beliefs, as well as facts about, or related to, the individual. Exceptions: business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as name, address and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories, are not considered personal information.
Information Collected
When visiting our website, our web server automatically records domain name and standard information about the operating system and web browser you are using, as provided by your web browser. This information is used for statistical purposes to help us manage our site, but does not identify you in any way.
Information Forms
The contact us, registration and e-newsletter forms on this website request you to provide information such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, this information is used to enable us to fulfill your request. The Foundation may contact you with further information related to your request, to obtain feedback or to keep you informed about our activities including programs, services, special events, fundraising needs and opportunities to volunteer or to give.
Privacy Practices
The Foundation only collects, uses, retains or discloses Personal Information that is necessary for Identified Purposes or as required by law. If we require Personal Information for any other purpose, it shall be notified to the appropriate person, and subject to the individuals consent.
The Foundation will only collect Personal Information by lawful means, and will retain the Personal Information only as long as necessary. Personal Information that is no longer required will be destroyed or erased.
Web Site and Electronic Commerce
The Foundation will use Pivotal Payments which has secure encryption technology to ensure the integrity and privacy of the personal and credit card information you provide when you make an on-line donation or register for an event.
The Foundation is not responsible for the contents of privacy practices of any “offsite” internet information or web-sites referenced by or linked the Foundation’s website. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the Foundation of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
Accuracy and Storage of Personal Information
The Foundation will maintain the Personal Information as accurate complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used in compliance with Canada`s Ani-Spam Legislation (CASL).
The Foundation shall protect the Personal Information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Security safeguards shall protect personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure or copying.
Methods of protection will include:
– Physical Measure – locked filing cabinets and restricted access to offices.
– Organization Measures – security clearances and limiting access on a “need to know basis”.
– Technological Measures – the use of passwords and encryption.
The Foundation shall be open about their policies and practices with respect to the management of Personal Information. Individuals should be able to acquire this information without reasonable effort.
Individual Access
All individuals shall be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of his/her Personal Information and shall be given access to that information.
We do not disclose your personal data to other organizations, nor do we rent, sell, or trade our mailing lists.
The Foundation will respond to an individual’s request to obtain their Personal Information, and at any time can challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information.|
Privacy Officer Contact Information
Starlight Children’s Foundation Canada
info@starlightcanada.org
About Us
Careers
Contact
Events
Family FAQ
Privacy Policy
Donation Cart
Login
Sign up forour newsletter
info@starlightcanada.org
Charitable Registration Number: 13129 5693 RR0001