https://www.astrology-india.com/privacy-policy/
Home  /  Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWho we areOur website address is: https://www.astrology-india.comWhat personal data we collect and why we collect itOur website is stored on a server, which you access when you visit our site. When you visit our site we will collect your IP address in the server log files as you move around our website. We do this so we will be able to determine the cause of any errors on our site when aspects of the site don’t function properly. As an example of this, we may need to identify a series of events that result in our website operating in an unexpected way, to help block hackers and other malicious site visitors from harming our site and from interfering with the experience of our genuine site visitors.CommentsIf a website visitor wants to leave a comment on an article then the site will collect any data that is displayed in the comment form and also the IP address of the user and the browser user agent string. This information is collected in order to help prevent spam. The comments have been disabled on this website, however, occasionally we may provide the option for visitors to leave a comment.When a visitor leaves a comment, an anonymized string, which is known as a hash, is created from the users email address and may be sent to the Gravatar service to check if the user is using Gravatar. For people who are using Gravatar, once the comment has been accepted by the site owner, the users Gravatar image (such as a profile picture) will be displayed next to the comment. We recommend you read the Gravatar privacy policy before leaving a comment on this or any other website. You can see their privacy policy here https://automattic.com/privacy/.MediaIf you upload any images to this website then we recommend you avoid uploading any images that contain embedded location data, which also includes EXIF GPS. This is because any site visitors may be able to extract and download the location data from the images on a website.Contact formsWe are using the popular Contact 7 WordPress plugin on this site in order to service our contact form. This plugin does not store any messages of personal information on this site. However, the contact form will send the information you enter in the contact form to us by email. This will also include the email address you entered in the contact form so we will be able to reply to you.CookiesThis site, like most, uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are placed on the machine you are using to access our site and assist the site in providing you with a better user experience. Cookies are used on websites to help remember user preferences, store user information for various functionality, such as shopping carts, and provide anonymized tracking information to third party applications like Google Analytics. At present, this website is not using Google Analytics or any other third party tracking.Cookies are intended to help improve your browsing experience. However, you may choose to disable the use of cookies on this site and on other websites that you visit. The most efficient way to do this is to disable the cookies in the browser that you are using. If you are not sure how to do this then you can either search in Google or any other search engine that you may prefer using, for how to disable cookies in your respective web browser. You can also search on YouTube if you would like to see a video of someone showing you step by step how to do it.  A final option we recommend is to visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/ and consult the help section for guidance on disabling cookies on the different web browsers.Embedded content from other websitesSome of the articles on this website may contain embedded content, such as images, videos and other articles. Embedded content on a site behaves in exactly the same way as if the visitor was visiting the other website to where the embedded content is primarily located. You should be aware that those websites may collect data about you, use cookies embed additional third-party tracking and monitor your engagement with the embedded content. This can include tracing your interaction with the content if you have an account with them and are also logged into that website. An example of this can be a YouTube video that is embedded on our site. When you play the video, YouTube may begin to monitor your interaction with that video.Who we share your data withWe do not sell any personal data that may be obtained from visitors to this website.How long we retain your dataWhen leaving a comment (when comment functionality is activated), the comment and any metadata associated is retained indefinitely. This enables us to recognize and quickly approve any additional comments in an automated way instead of holding them in a queue to wait for a moderator to check them first. This means that your comment will get authorised and publicised more quickly.If any users register on our website then we will store the personal information they supply us in their user profile. All users with an account will be able to see, edit or delete their personal information any time they choose to do so. However, the username cannot be changed, but it can be deleted upon choosing to delete the entire account and user information. The administrators of the website will also be able to see and edit the user’s account information if they have registered an account.What rights you have over your dataIf you do have an account on our site or if you have left a comment anywhere on one of the posts on our site then you can request to receive an exported file of the personal information that we have about you. This also includes any personal data you have given to us. You also have the right to ask us to delete your personal data if you wish. There is no charge for this. This does not include any data that we are obliged to retain for security, legal and administrative purposes.Where we send your dataWe do not share or sell your personal data. If comments are enabled on this site and you have left a comment on one of our posts, they may be checked through a spam detection service.Your contact informationYou can contact us via the website contact form at any time. We will aim to get back to you as soon as possible.How we protect your dataThere is very little personal data that is collected from our site visitors on this website, as outlined in the above documentation. We use recommended, commonly used and industry standard software in order to provide the service of this website.Any additional software used on this site provided by plugins for our WordPress content management system serves the purpose of improving and enhancing the performance of our website and providing a better user experience to you. We regularly perform routine checks on the software and theme used on this site to help limit the risk of vulnerabilities to our site.Our website is hosted by a professional and independent hosting company for enhanced performance and security. The host servers that transmit our website in order for you to be able to see it are located in a professionally run data centre, which are also physically secure.What data breach procedures we have in placeIn the event of a data breach, the breach will be recorded by us in our register for such events. If the breach involves the compromisation of sensitive data then it will also be reported to the Information Commissioner’s Office located in the United Kingdom.What third parties we receive data fromThis site does not receive personal information from any third party companies.What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user dataWe do not do any user profiling or automation with user data on this website.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy