https://www.cfjacksonhole.org/privacy-policy/
Logins
Board of Directors
Donor View
Edelweiss Fund
Grants Committee
Grantee View
Scholarship View
Nonprofit Directory
Volunteer JH
Youth Philanthropy
Wed. Lunch Group
Thursday Roundtable
Website Privacy Policy Your right to privacy is very important to us. We recognize that providing the Foundation with your personal information is an act of trust. The Community Foundation does not share personal information, except as required by governmental entities or legal process. Donor names may be recognized in the Community Foundation’s annual report and other forms of public recognition, unless you designate your gift as anonymous.
Privacy Statement
This website is owned and operated by the Community Foundation of Jackson Hole. Our intention is to inform and educate visitors about our work as a grant maker, community resource, and philanthropic partner to local individuals, families, and corporations. The Foundation is committed to honoring the privacy of all those we work with, including visitors to our website.
Personal Information
When you visit the Community Foundation online, you remain anonymous, as we do not require registration to view our website or access information. We may occasionally ask for your feedback via surveys or other communications to better understand your interests and needs. We will also request information through online forms used to register for Foundation events or to update our records. The Foundation does not share or publicize any personal information gathered through our website.
If you are a Community Foundation fundholder and you use Donor View, you provide personal information to authenticate your identity. That information is only used through that platform and is not distributed or sold to any other party or site. Donor View uses 128-bit encryption and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) version 2.0 protocol to provide security and privacy when you access fund information, initiate online fund transactions, or send secure messages. Security for credit and debit card processing is provided by Authorize.net.
Public Information
Under IRS Code, the following foundation documents are public information:
IRS Form 990 and affiliated schedules for the past three years.
IRS determination letter affirming classification as a 501(c)(3) public charity.
IRS Form 1023 (application for 501(c)(3) status) with supporting documentation.
Lists of our donors, other than those published in our annual report and other places, are not available to the public.
Third Party Sites
Throughout our website, we offer links to third party sites. Since we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review their privacy policies as well.
Communications
If at any time you wish to stop receiving communications from the Community Foundation or to be removed from the Nonprofit List Serve, please contact us (info@cfjacksonhole.org), (307) 739-1026. The Community Foundation will not give your email address to other organizations unless authorized to do so.
Questions & Comments
We welcome comments and questions on this policy. To share feedback or to request information from the Foundation, please email info@cfjacksonhole.org or write to:
Community Foundation of Jackson Hole
245 E Simpson Avenue
P.O. Box 574
Jackson, WY 83001-8482
×
Website Credits
The CFJacksonHole.org website was designed and developed by Truespire in collaboration with New Thought Digital Agency.
Thank you to the many local photographers who have graciously donated their photos to use throughout this website.
Close
×
Subscribe to Our E-newsletter
Name*
First
Last
Email*
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Close
×
Subscribe as a COVID-19 Volunteer
Signup to be notified of volunteer opportunities to support local nonprofits responding to the COVID-19 Virus.
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneWhat languages do you speak?*
English
Spanish
Check at least one.Any volunteer preferences/skills/restrictions/notes/etc?Optionally describe any notes that could be helpful in how you can specifically help.PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Close