http://www.sonofthesouth.net/privacy-policy.htm
Privacy Policy
This Site:
Civil War
Civil War Overview
Civil War 1861
Civil War 1862
Civil War 1863
Civil War 1864
Civil War 1865
Civil War Battles
Confederate Generals
Union Generals
Confederate History
Robert E. Lee
Civil War Medicine
Lincoln Assassination
Slavery
Search this Site
Civil War Links
Revolutionary War
Mexican War
Republic of Texas
Indians
Winslow Homer
Thomas Nast
Mathew Brady
Western Art
Civil War Gifts
Robert E. Lee Portrait
Your privacy is important to us.
We recognize that privacy of your personal
information is important. This page describes what types
of personal information we may receive and collect when
you visit www.sonofthesouth.net, and how we
safeguard your information.  We never sell your personal
information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data
contained in log files.  The information in the log
files include  your IP (internet protocol) address, your
ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to
visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox),
the time you visited our site and which pages you
visited.
Cookies and Web Beacons
This site includes advertisements from third parties. Some of these advertisers may use
technology such as cookies and web beacons in the ads.
This will send these
advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense
program) information including your IP address, your ISP
, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some
cases, whether you have Flash installed.  This is
generally used for geotargeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites
visited (such as showing history ads to someone who
frequents history sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our
cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings,
or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton
Internet Security. Consult the documentation for
these applications to learn more. Realize, though, that
changing these settings can affect how you are able to
interact with this site as well as other
websites.
Google (and others), as a third party vendor, uses
cookies to serve ads on this website (www.sonofthesouth.net).
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads
to those visiting www.sonofthesouth.net based on their
visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. If a
user wishes to opt out of the use of the DART cookie,
they can do so by visiting the
Google ad and content network
privacy policy.
Material Disclosure:
Sonofthesouth.net is a participant in the Amazon
Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate
advertising program designed to provide a means for
sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and
linking to amazon.com. Some of the textual links on this
site may be Amazon "affiliate links.” This means if you
visit the link and purchase the item, I will receive an
affiliate commission. Regardless, I only recommend
products or services I use personally and believe will
add value to my readers. I am disclosing this in
accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR,
Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and
Testimonials in Advertising.
Email us at:
paul@sonofthesouth.net.
Copyright
© 2003-2018 Son of the South.
privacy policy
Are you Scared and Confused? Click
Here to read
My Snake Story,
a story of hope and encouragement, to help you face your fears.