https://www.aamlwi.org/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
AAML-Wisconsin Chapter has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy interests of our users. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site.
IP Address Use
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. For example, your IP address is recorded in our site traffic reports, and is also used by our web traffic analysis software to gather broad demographic information (i.e., geographic location, etc.).
Submission Form Requirements
Our site’s contact and member update forms require users to give us contact information such as their name and e-mail address. Contact information is used only to respond to a direct inquiry. At no time will your contact information be sold, traded, leased or borrowed to third party vendors.
Member List Service
AAML-Wisconsin members are able to freely subscribe to an interactive e-mail list service on our site. The e-mail addresses submitted for participation are used only for administration of the program and to keep track of participants. At no time will any e-mail address be sold, traded, leased or borrowed to third party vendors.
Links to Other Sites
Our site contains links to other sites to enhance the value and depth of our site generally. AAML-Wisconsin Chapter is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
AAML-Wisconsin Chapter does not locate sensitive or transmitted information on our web server. All information submitted to us through our web site, either through web-based forms or e-mail, is held strictly confidential.
Privacy Policy Amendments
In the event that the AAML-Wisconsin Chapter introduces technologies or programs on our web site (i.e., e-mail lists, etc.) that would impact the privacy interests of our users, we will update and amend this privacy policy.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with the AAML-Wisconsin Chapter please contact:
Daniel P. Bestul
Duxstad & Bestul SC
1112 17th Ave.
PO Box 737 Monroe, WI, 53566-0737
(608) 325-4924 | (877) 866-7560 (FAX)