http://www.biblesforaustralia.org.au/privacy_policy
FREE BIBLE
Books
BLOG
ABOUT US
Privacy Policy
Bibles for Australia (BfAus) is pleased to provide information to our website visitors about our online Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us, and our online Privacy Policy is intended to protect and secure any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide to BfAus online when you visit and use any of BfAus’s websites, services, social media channels, or mobile applications (collectively “Sites”).
This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of any of BfAus’s Sites. By visiting or using any of BfAus’s Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you should not participate in any of the Sites’ activities that require you to provide your Personal Information.
We regularly review and, where necessary, update our Privacy Policy. All updates and amendments are effective immediately, and you will be notified of any applicable changes upon visiting our Sites.
Information We Collect
Personal Information we gather is voluntarily supplied by you when you:
Request information from BfAus
Order products from BfAus
Sign up for one of BfAus’s services, such as blog post email delivery
The Personal Information we collect may include your first and last names, email
address, and in the case of ordering products, the delivery address. In addition,
we collect non-identifying demographic and interest data through Google
Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting. Visitors may opt out of Google
Analytics for Display Advertising through Google’s Ads Settings or via the Google
Analytics opt-out browser add-on. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics
across all websites visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We also occasionally use a a technology service called
Hotjar
on an as-needed basis, which uses cookies and other technologies to collect data regarding our users’ behaviour and their devices (in particular, a device’s IP address [captured and stored only in anonymised form], device screen size, device type, browser information, geographic location (country only), and preferred language). Hotjar stores this information in an anonymised user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on
this link.
How the Information Is Used
Your Personal Information will be used to send you the information or products you requested, and any additional literature related to the Bible and BfAus’s activities.
BfAus does not sell, exchange, rent, lease, or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to third-party marketers, persons, or organisations. We do not use your Personal Information for any commercial purposes.
BfAus reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation, or legal request to protect the integrity of the Sites; to fulfill your requests; to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or any investigation on a matter of public safety; or to enforce the Terms of Use.
Demographic and interest data gathered through Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting is for analysing trends in aggregate and is never combined with personally identifiable information.
We use Mailchimp to send mass emails to users who subscribe to receive them. You can review Mailchimp’s privacy policy for information on how they manage user data:
mailchimp.com/legal/privacy.
MailChimp will collect your name and email address, but will not pass on or sell your details to anyone else. You can unsubscribe from any email sent from us via MailChimp by clicking an embedded‘unsubscribe’ link.
We also provide you the opportunity to review, update, or delete your Personal
Information collected by the Site. Please review the “Changing Personal
Information” section of this Privacy Policy below.
USER SUBMISSIONS
Questions, comments, and remarks you transmit to BfAus through any of its Sites or by any other means including, but not limited to, email, mail, voicemail, telephone, or facsimile will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
BfAus reserves the right to edit, use, or not use in its sole discretion any submissions made by users by any means on BfAus’s Sites, or in BfAus’s printed material.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When your Personal Information is used for delivery only, it will be kept to effect our policy of one Bible per person. Upon request we will delete your Personal Information from the database. When your Personal Information is used with your consent for any other services, you can cancel your subscription at any time.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do our utmost to protect your privacy. As such, we have implemented industry-standard security systems and procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorised disclosure, misuse, or destruction.
CHANGING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may review, update, or request deletion of your Personal Information that has been collected by the Sites. To do so, please email the Information Administrator at
biblesforaustralia@gmail.com
with your request. You will be required to verify your identity before any changes will be made. We reserve the right to deny access to any user if we believe there is a question about your identity.
PRIVACY POLICY RELATED TO MINORS
Users of BfAus’s Sites must be at least 14 years of age in order to request materials or participate in any activity that requires the submission of Personal Information. By requesting materials from BfAus or participating in our Sites, you certify that you are at least 14 years of age. All users of the Sites are required to provide true, current, complete, and accurate Personal Information when prompted, and we will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false or fraudulent.
We do not knowingly accept Personal Information from anyone under the age of 14 and will automatically reject and delete the Personal Information of any person we believe in good faith to be under 14. Materials intended for minors must be requested by and in the name of the minor’s parent or guardian who is 14 or older.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
BfAus’s Sites provide links to third-party websites that could be of interest to our users. BfAus does not operate these websites and is not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies and their websites.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small text file that websites create and store on your computer containing data such as the user’s computer identification information, customised preferences, or activities while visiting a website. BfAus does not disclose to third parties any cookie information created by our website, except as needed to satisfy any law, regulation, or legal request. BfAus is not responsible for the creation or storage of any cookies on your computer by other companies or websites. You may choose to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting the security settings on your internet browser.
Changing Personal Information
You may review, update, or request deletion of your Personal Information that has
been collected by the Site. To do so, please email us at
biblesforaustralia@gmail.com
with your request.You will be required to verify your identity before any changes will be made. We reserve the right to deny
access to any user if we believe there is a question about your identity.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns, you can contact us in the following ways:
Email:
biblesforaustralia@gmail.com
Phone:
1800 008 775
Mail:
PO Box 8174 Burwood Heights VIC 3151, Australia.
This site uses cookies to ensure that you have the best possible experience.
Learn more
ACCEPT
ACCEPT