http://www.mta.tv/legal
Skip to main content area
You are here:Home
Legal
Legal
Disclaimer of liability
Al Shirkatul-Islamiyyah is providing this site on an 'as is' basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this site or its contents and disclaims all such representations and warranties. In addition, (site owner) makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the information and related graphics published in this site. The information contained in this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.  All liability of (site owner) howsoever arising for any such inaccuracies or errors is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Neither Al-Shirkatul Islamiyyah nor any of its directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for loss or damage arising out of or in connection with the use of this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the exclusions and limitations in the clause are intended to limit any rights you may have as a consumer under local law or other statutory rights which may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit (site owner) liability to you for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our employees or agents.
This website disclaimer, together with our general terms and conditions, data protection privacy policy & security statement, copyright notice and terms & conditions applicable to the information, products and services provided on this website governs your use of this website, www.mta.tv.
By offering information, products or services via the website, no solicitation is made by us to any person to use such information, products or services in any jurisdiction where the provision of such information, products or services may be prohibited by law.
We will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information that is placed by us on the website, but we make no warranties, whether express or implied in relation to its accuracy.
We will not be responsible or liable to you for any damage caused by or loss of any content or material uploaded or transmitted through the website including in particular any third party content or comments, photos, product reviews, endorsements, opinions, comments or other testimonials or any other specific online user activities.
Whilst every effort is made to ensure that the website is accurate and up to date, we do not warrant, nor do we accept any liability or responsibility for the completeness or accuracy of the content, or for any loss which may arise from reliance on the information contained in this website. The content contained in this website is subject to change from time to time without further notice. We make no warranty that the website will be uninterrupted, free from viruses or error-free or that any defects can be corrected. Your use of the website at your own risk.
IMPORTANT SPECIAL CONDITIONS
1. Indemnity for User Uploaded Material
You agree fully to indemnify, defend and hold Al-Shirkatul Islamiyyah (“we, our, us”)  and our officers, directors, employees, agents and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any content or material uploaded or transmitted by you through the website (including comments, photos, product reviews, endorsements, opinions, testimonials) or any non-compliance with or breach of the terms of this disclaimer by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this website, or the use by any other person accessing the Website using your shopping account and/or your personal data and information.
2. External Websites
We do not accept any responsibility for the content of any external websites which we link to or which may link to the website. We do not have any control over external websites, and you are solely responsible for complying with the terms of those sites. Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that access to any external or linked websites shall be at your sole risk. By accessing such external linked websites, you accept and undertake to us that you have chosen to enter website at your sole discretion and risk. You accept and acknowledge that the website owner does not directly or indirectly recommend or endorse the contents of such websites. The website owner shall not under any circumstances be responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources. By accessing such linked external websites, you will be subject to their data protection and privacy policies or practices and other site content.
3.Proprietary Rights
Al-Shirkatul Islamiyyah is the owner proprietor and/or licensee of the "MTA International" trade and brand name, trade mark and get-up. All other trade marks, brand names, product names and titles, copyrights and other intellectual property rights used in this website are trade and brand names, trade marks, product names, copyrights or other intellectual property rights of their respective holders. No permission is given by the website owner in respect of the use of any of them and such use may constitute an infringement of the holder's rights.
4.  Website Changes
We shall be entitled to change, alter, modify or withdraw this website (including any applicable terms and conditions) at anytime without notice. We shall not be liable to you or any third party for any such change, alteration, modification or withdrawal of this website. Your continued use of the website following such change shall be deemed your acceptance of such change to this website. If you do not agree to or accept any change to the website, (including any applicable terms and conditions), please stop using the website immediately.
5.  Termination
We may choose to terminate your use or access of any part of the www.mta.tv website at any time and without further notice if you are in breach of this disclaimer or our any applicable terms and conditions on this website, or for any other reason. We reserve our rights to cease operating this website at any time and without further notice to you or any third party.
6.  Entire Agreement
This disclaimer together with our applicable terms and conditions and rules (as amended from time to time) on this website constitutes the entire agreement between us and you in relation to use of our website and supersedes all previous agreements in respect of your use of our website.
7.  Compliance with Terms
The website may be used only for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner, subject always to the Website General Terms of Use. By access and use of the website, you agree to comply with all terms and conditions, all applicable laws, statutes and regulations relating to the website and any transactions conducted on or through the website.
8. Governing Law
This disclaimer is governed by English law. Any dispute, which cannot be resolved between us, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Newsletter
Feedback
We use cookies to make the site simpler. Find out more about privacy policy.