http://www.unity.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Terms of Use and Product Purchase
Revised: January, 2016
The http://www.unity.org website is owned and operated by Unity Worldwide Ministries and Unity World Headquarters (“Company”). These Terms of Use and Product Purchase (“Terms of Use” or “Agreement”) are intended to make you aware of the terms and conditions of your use of the http://www.unity.org website, any Content (as defined herein), or other products that are offered or provided by Company (collectively, the “Site”).
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. By using OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING the Site, CREATING, REGISTERING, OR ACCESSING AN ACCOUNT, PURCHASING PRODUCTS, POSTING OR DOWNLOADING CONTENT OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION TO OR FROM THE SITE, OR MANIFESTING YOUR ASSENT TO THESE TERMS OF USE IN ANY OTHER MANNER, you hereby UNEQUIVOCALLY AND expressly agree to BE BOUND BY, and shall be subject to, these Terms of Use. If you do not UNEQUIVOCALLY agree TO THESE TERMS OF USE, you may not use OR OTHERWISE ACCESS the Site, CREATE, REGISTER, OR ACCESS AN ACCOUNT, OR post or download Content or any other information to or from the Site.
I. General
Additional Terms. The disclaimers, terms, and conditions on these pages are of general application and may be supplemented by additional policies, procedures, disclaimers, guidelines, rules, terms, or conditions of specific application disclosed by Company, including through a registration process or other means. In the event of a conflict between the Terms of Use and any additional policies, procedures, disclaimers, guidelines, rules, terms, or conditions of specific application, the additional policies, procedures, disclaimers, guidelines, rules, terms, or conditions of specific application shall control.
Updates. Company reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time by posting such changes to this page. You understand that you have the affirmative obligation to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes, and you hereby agree to periodically review these Terms of Use for such changes. The continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these Terms of Use will constitute your acceptance of those changes.
Termination. Company reserves the right to terminate this Agreement at any time and for any reason upon ten (10) days’ notice to you. Further, you agree that Company shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination or suspension of your access to the Site or any part thereof, removal of Content, or sale of any products. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by immediately discontinuing all access to the Site and by providing notice to Company of such discontinuance. Termination or cancellation of this Agreement shall not affect any right or relief to which Company may be entitled at law or in equity.
License. Company hereby grants you a limited, nonexclusive, nonassignable, nontransferable license to access and use the Site solely for your own personal, noncommercial purposes, or the internal business needs of the entity of which you are an authorized representative, as the case may be, subject to your agreement to, compliance with, and satisfaction of these Terms of Use. All rights not otherwise expressly granted by these Terms of Use are reserved by Company. If you do not comply with the Terms of Use at any time, Company reserves the right to revoke the aforementioned license(s), limit your access to the Site, or restrict your ability to post or download. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, distribute, transmit, sell, trade, resell, or exploit for any purpose any portion of or any information from the Site. You may not obscure or remove any proprietary rights or notices contained in or on the Content. You are solely responsible for providing, maintaining, and ensuring the compatibility of all hardware, software, electrical, and other physical requirements necessary for your access to and use of the Site or any part thereof.
Denial of Access. Company may discontinue or alter any aspect of the Site, remove Content, functionality, or applications from the Site, restrict the time the Site is available, or restrict the amount of use permitted at Company’s sole discretion and without prior notice or liability. You agree that Company may, under certain circumstances, immediately suspend and/or terminate your access to the Site or any part thereof. You further agree that such measures shall be taken in Company’s sole discretion and without liability to you or any third party.
Intellectual Property Ownership. Unless otherwise specifically noted in these Terms of Use or on the Site, images, trademarks, service marks, logos, and icons displayed on the Site are the property of Company and/or its licensors and may not be used without Company’s prior written consent. Trademarks owned by third parties are the property of those respective third parties. The Site is the copyrighted property of Company, and it may not be reproduced, recreated, modified, accessed, or used in any manner or disseminated or distributed to any other party in violation of these Terms of Use. Any unauthorized use of any Content, whether owned by Company or other parties, may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, privacy and publicity laws, and communications regulations and statutes. You will not copy, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, translate, modify, reproduce, republish, transmit, sell, offer for sale, disseminate, or redistribute the intellectual property found in the Site or any part thereof or grant any other person or entity the right or access to do so.  For purposes of these Terms of Use, references to “post” or “posting” shall refer to any manner of posting, transmitting, uploading, providing, making available, or otherwise transferring material or information.
II. Your Use of the Site
Prohibited Uses. You are solely responsible for any and all acts and omissions that occur under your account or password, and you agree not to engage in unacceptable use of the Site or any part thereof, which includes, without limitation:
(a) use of the Site to post, store, or disseminate material, or information that, is or to a reasonable person may be false, fraudulent, unlawful, harmful, tortious, abusive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, harassing, invasive of another’s privacy, offensive, vulgar, threatening, malicious, embarrassing, hateful or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;
(b) use of the Site to post, store, or disseminate Content, files, graphics, software, or other material or information that actually or potentially infringes the rights of any person, including, without limitation, the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights, or privacy, moral or publicity rights, of any person;
(c) use of the Site to interfere, disrupt, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to other accounts on the Site, to restricted portion of the Site, to Content, or any other computer network or equipment;
(d) use of the Site to post, store, or disseminate any type of computer viruses, Trojan horses, or any other malicious, destructive, disabling code or programs designed to interrupt, permit unauthorized access, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware, system, or telecommunications equipment;
(e) use of the Site to post, store, or disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or other fraudulent schemes, or any other form of solicitation;
(f) use of any manual or automated software, devices or other processes to “crawl” or “spider” any Web pages contained in the Site (including, without limitation, the use of robots, bots, spiders, scrapers, or any other means to extract pricing, product, service, or other data from the Site);
(g) use of the Site to gain competitive intelligence about Company, the Site, or any product offered via the Site or to otherwise compete with Company or its affiliates; use the information in the Site to create or sell a similar product or information;
(h) harvesting or otherwise collecting any information about other users, including, without limitation, email addresses or other contact information of other users;
(i) use anything intended to damage or interfere with the proper functioning of the Site and the systems to which it connects or do anything that interferes with any other person’s use of the Site; framing or otherwise simulating the appearance or functions of the Site or any portion thereof;
(j) attempt to copy, change, disassemble, reverse engineer, decrypt, frame, or translate the Site, or otherwise attempt to learn the source code, structure, or ideas upon which the Site is based; attempt to copy, change, delete, or alter any Content;
(k); use of the Site to engage in any activity that, as determined by Company, may intentionally or unintentionally violate these Terms of Use, violate any applicable laws or regulations or conflict with the spirit or intent of these Terms of Use.
User Accounts. For certain aspects of the Site, you may be asked to register an account. In the event you agree to register an account, you will select and/or receive a user name and password upon providing registration information and successfully completing the registration process. This account is personal to you, and you will not share it or allow any other person to utilize your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name and password, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your user name and password. You agree to immediately notify Company in the event: (a) your registration information changes, or (b) you learn of or have reason to suspect any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. You also agree that you will provide truthful and accurate information during the registration process. Company may refuse to grant a particular user name to you for any reason, including, without limitation, in the event Company determines that such user name impersonates someone else, is protected by trademark or other proprietary right law, or is vulgar or otherwise offensive.
User Representations. You hereby represent and warrant to Company that: (a) you (i) have reached the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you reside (generally 18, 19, or 21 years of age depending on the jurisdiction), (ii) are an emancipated minor under the laws of your jurisdiction of domicile and/or residence, (iii) possess legal parental or guardian consent, or (iv) otherwise have the power and authority to enter into and perform your obligations under this Agreement; (b) all information provided by you to Company is truthful, accurate, and complete; (c) you will comply with the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use and any other agreement to which you are subject that is related to your use of the Site, Content, or any part thereof; (d) you have provided and will maintain accurate and complete registration/account information with Company, including, without limitation, your legal name, email address, and any other information Company may reasonably require; (e) your access to and use of the Site or any part thereof will not constitute a breach or violation of any other agreement, contract, terms of use, or any law or regulation to which you are subject; (f) you will immediately notify Company in the event that you learn or suspect that your registration information, user name, or password has been disclosed, or otherwise made known to any other person; (g) you will not use the Site in order to gain competitive intelligence about Company, the Site, or any product offered via the Site, or to otherwise compete with Company or its affiliates; and (h) if you purport to be the agent of, represent, or otherwise act on behalf of an entity or any other person, that you are in fact an authorized representative of such entity or other person.
III. Content
Content. You acknowledge that the Site may contain or provide access to information, designs, compilations, magnetic translations, digital conversions, software, photos, video, text, graphics, music, sounds, or other material provided by Company or third parties (collectively, “Content”) that are owned by Company or one of its affiliates or vendors, and protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property laws, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and technologies existing now or hereafter developed. You may not use images, trademarks, service marks, logos, and/or icons displayed on the Site as these are our property and/or our licensors’ and may not be used without our written permission. You may not obscure or remove any proprietary rights or notices contained in or on the Site. All copyrighted material, trademark, service mark, legal, proprietary, or other notice must not be removed from the Site and the Content you may access.
User Content. The Site offers the ability for Users to create an account and to submit ideas, photographs, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions, and information including personally identifiable information (collectively, "User Content"). User Content posted by users via the Site is the intellectual property of the specific users who post such content. By posting or delivering User Content, you hereby grant to Company a limited, transferable, nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, display, distribute, sell, sublicense, and create derivative works and compilations incorporating such User Content.
User Content Representations. For any User Content that you post via the Site, you hereby represent and warrant that: (a) you are owner of such User Content or otherwise have the right to grant Company the licenses granted pursuant to this Agreement; (b) you have secured any and all consents necessary to post the User Content and to grant the foregoing licenses; (c) the User Content does not violate the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, the intellectual property, privacy, or publicity rights of any third party, and such User Content does not contain any personally identifiable information about third parties in violation of such parties’ rights; and (d) the use of any User Content will not result in harm or personal injury to any third party. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Company, its officers, members, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses, including attorneys’ fees and costs and expenses, arising out of or in any way connected with: (a) any claim that the User Content you provide infringes or misappropriates any intellectual property or other rights of Company or third parties; (b) Company’s use of any User Content you provide; and (c) any claim brought by a third party against Company relating to the User Content you provide.
Monitoring of User Content. Company does not generally monitor or otherwise remove User Content after it is posted on the Site except as required or permitted by law or otherwise in the sole discretion of Company, and reserves the right to remove any and all material that it feels is actually or potentially inappropriate, offensive, illegal, or harmful in any respect or which may violate these Terms of Use. Company does not make any warranties or representations regarding any of the User Content. Company does not necessarily approve, endorse, sanction, encourage, verify, or agree with any message posted by its users or otherwise embodied in the Content. Company is not and will not be liable for any Content or User Content that may be offensive, indecent, vulgar, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable.
Removal of User Content. In the event you would like to request that Company remove your User Content from the Site, please contact Company at unity@unityonline.org. Please note, however, that if Company agrees, in its sole discretion, to remove your User Content, such User Content may not be completely removed or may otherwise still be available to others in the following circumstances: (a) your User Content has been incorporated into derivative works or compilations created by Company or other parties; (b) such User Content has been retained in Company’s data backup systems or for archival purposes; or (c) to the extent such User Content has been sold to or downloaded by other persons and such persons retain your User Content.
Accuracy, Currency, and Completeness. All User Content originates from the applicable users and is beyond the control of Company. Company neither initiates the provision of such User Content nor monitors the specific content or accuracy of the User Content being provided. Without limiting the generality of any other provision of these Terms of Use, Company shall have no responsibility for or liability related to the accuracy, content, currency, completeness, or delivery of any User Content. The applicable user providing such User Content is responsible for the accuracy, content, currency, completeness, and delivery of the User Content provided by such user. COMPANY DOES NOT PROVIDE OR CONTROL, AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, THE USER CONTENT. COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IV. Privacy
Your Privacy. Company collects, stores, and uses data collected from you in accordance with Company’s Privacy Policy, located at https://www.unityworldwideministries.org/privacy-policy for Unity Worldwide Ministries and www.unity.org/privacypolicy for Unity World Headquarters. The terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy are hereby expressly incorporated into these Terms of Use. Company may from time to time disclose or transfer some of the information that you provide through your use of the Site to trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and partners who will use the information for certain business purposes deemed to be aligned with our goals and business objectives and in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy, which can be found on our website www.unity.org/privacypolicy. In addition, the Company may disclose or transfer information collected from users in connection with a sale or restructuring of Company. Some of the information you upload or provide on the Site is subject to federal, state, and local laws regulating the privacy, security, and confidentiality of information. No information system can perfectly guard against the risks of intentional intrusion or inadvertent disclosure of information sent to us. When you use the Site, information transmitted over the Internet is beyond our control. Once we receive your information, your personally identifiable information will be treated as confidential and given the protections as set forth in our Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy for details.
Privacy of Others. You agree not to disclose information of other users that you may obtain through your use of the Site to third parties, or use the information for any purposes without the other user’s consent. You agree to only use another user’s information in connection with the Site.
Links/Other Resources. As a service to our users, the Company may provide links to other websites or resources on the Internet, or information about other resources that may be of interest. However, because Company has no control over such websites or resources, you acknowledge and agree that Company is not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources, and Company does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources, or for any privacy or other practices of the third parties operating those websites or resources, and the presentation of third-party links or content by Company is not intended to be an endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by Company. You further acknowledge and agree that Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such third-party Content, goods, or service available on or through any third-party site or resource. Company strongly encourages you to review any separate terms of use and privacy policies governing use of these third-party websites and resources. Please be aware that when you exit the Site, you are subject to the policies of the new Site.
V. Warranties; Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification
Disclaimers of Warranties. Company uses reasonable efforts to maintain the Site, but Company is not responsible for any defects or failures associated with the Site, any part thereof, any Content posted using the Site, the User Content, or any damages (such as lost profits or other consequential damages) that may result from any such defects or failures. The Site may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason, including, without limitation: (a) equipment malfunctions; (b) periodic maintenance procedures, upgrades, or repairs which Company may undertake from time to time; or (c) causes beyond the control of Company or which are not foreseeable by Company. Company will not be liable for failure to provide access to the Site for any reason whatsoever.
Neither COMPANY nor any of our affiliates makeS any promises about the SITE OR PRODUCTS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES express or implied and THE SITE, ANY CONTENT, AND ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED VIA THE SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. COMPANY MAKES NO COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR SECURITY OF THE SITE AND RELATED TRANSMISSION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS, UNDERTAKINGS, OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
ALTHOUGH Company USES REASONABLE EFFORTS TO ENSURE THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE IS AS ACCURATE AS POSSIBLE, Company also GIVES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE SITE AND/OR company CONTENT posted, or otherwise made available therein. company, WITHOUT LIMITATION, MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE, ANY CONTENT, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED VIA THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR REQUIREMENTS, THAT USE OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE. FURTHER, Company DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENCY, OR RELIABILITY OF ANY company CONTENT, or THAT THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE OR company CONTENT WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR THAT THE QUALITY OF THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT, PRODUCTS, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.
ANY company CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE IS DONE AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH company CONTENT OR MATERIAL. FURTHER, PLEASE NOTE THAT NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SITE OR ANY PRODUCT SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THESE TERMS OF USE.
Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT Company SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY COMPENSATORY, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF Company HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS RESULTING FROM the inability to access or utilize ANY PRODUCTS PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE, OR OTHERWISE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, CONTENT, OR DATA; OR (iv) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SITE, OR ITS CONTENT.  IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SITE AND TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS TERMS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL Company’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE SITE, PURCHASING ANY CONTENT, OR PURCHASING ANY PRODUCTS.
REGARDLESS OF THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPHS, IF WE ARE FOUND TO BE LIABLE, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT GREATER THAN ONE THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS ($1,000), TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Release/Indemnification. You agree to release Company, its members, managers, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability and obligations whatsoever in connection with or arising from your use of the Site. If at any time you are not happy with the Site or object to any material within the Site, your sole remedy is to cease using them. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Company, its officers, members, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses, including attorneys’ fees and costs and expenses, arising out of or in any way connected with: (a) your access to or use of the Site or any part thereof; (b) any User Content you post via the Site; (c) a breach or alleged breach by you of any of your representations, warranties, covenants, or obligations under this Agreement; (d) infringement or misappropriation of any intellectual property or other rights of Company or third parties by you; or (e) any negligence or willful misconduct by you; (f) any other claim related to your performance under this Agreement; or (g) your use of any Content or products provided by Company.
VI. Copyright
Copyright Notice. Company respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Company’s Copyright Agent the following information: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the owner or person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;         (b) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (c)  a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site sufficient to allow us to locate the allegedly infringing material; (d) your address, telephone number, and email address; (e) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Please contact Company’s Copyright Agent for Notice of Claims of copyright infringement at: unity@unityonline.org. Copyright owners and agents acknowledge that failure to comply with all of the requirements of the foregoing may result in an invalidity of the DMCA notice.
Counter-Notice. If you believe that the Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the Content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent: (a) your physical or electronic signature; (b) identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled; (c) a statement that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the User Content; and (d) your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in Jackson County, Missouri, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Company may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed Content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the person providing such Content, the removed Content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Company’s sole discretion.
VII. Purchase of Products
Orders. Company may allow you to buy products via the Site (“Products”) and each request to purchase Products is an “Order.”  WHEN YOU PLACE YOUR ORDER, YOU AUTHORIZE COMPANY TO BILL THE PURCHASE PRICE AND ANY APPLICABLE FEES OR TAXES IN THE “SHOPPING CART” TO YOUR PAYMENT METHOD.  If your payment method fails or your account is past due, we may collect fees owed by charging other payment methods on file with us, retaining collection agencies and legal counsel. Company or the collection agencies we retain may also report information about your account to credit bureaus, and as a result, late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report.
Prices. Prices and availability of Products are subject to change without notice. Company reserves the right to revoke any offer to sell Products on the Site, and to correct any errors, even after you have submitted your Order, and even if your Order has been confirmed and your payment method charged. If your payment method has been charged, Company will issue you the appropriate credit within a reasonable time after your Order has been revoked.
Shipping. Products will be shipped within a reasonable time after processing of your Order. Shipment time will vary depending on the shipping method and Products you select. Company does not guarantee delivery at any certain time and is not responsible for shipping delays. The risk of loss and title for Products pass to you upon our delivery to our shipping carrier.
Damaged Products. If Products are damaged when you receive them, Company, at its sole option, may provide replacement Products or refund the purchase price, as described in our Return Policy posted on the Site https://shop.unityonline.org/Faq.aspx. Once your request is received and approved, Company will provide you with instructions for completing your return. Any Products returned without an authorization number will not be processed for replacement or refund. To be eligible for a replacement or refund, you will be responsible for shipping the returned Products to us at the address in our Return Policy on the Site. We do not warrant that Product descriptions on the Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
VIII. Miscellaneous
Independent Contractors. The parties are and shall be independent contractors and neither party by virtue of this Agreement shall have any right, power, or authority to act or create any obligation, express or implied, on behalf of the other.
Waiver/Severability. No waiver of any term, provision, or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or shall constitute, a waiver of any other term, provision, or condition hereof, whether or not similar, nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver of any such term, provision, or condition hereof. No waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be illegal or unenforceable, then such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent possible and the other provisions will remain fully effective and enforceable.
Notice. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be delivered when sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, or when sent by facsimile or email to either party’s last known post office, facsimile, or email address, respectively. You hereby consent to notice by email. Company may send you via such email address Company newsletters, product updates, service-related information and other offers and information from Company or its business partners, and you hereby consent to such emails. Company also may contact you by email to respond to any customer service or other inquiries you submit.
Law/Forum. This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of law. Any litigation arising out of this Agreement shall be brought by either party in a court of competent jurisdiction located in Jackson County, Missouri, and each party hereby waives any defenses it may have before such courts based on a lack of personal jurisdiction or inconvenient forum. Each party hereby expressly and irrevocably waives the right to a jury trial. The prevailing party shall be awarded its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs in any proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement. No action arising under this Agreement may be brought by User more than one (1) year after the cause of action has accrued.
Equitable Relief/Fees. The parties agree that breach of the provisions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the unauthorized use of the Site or Content, would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to Company which would be both difficult to ascertain and which would not be compensable by damages alone. As such, the parties agree that Company has the right to enforce the provisions of this Agreement by injunction (without necessity of posting bond), specific performance, or other equitable relief without prejudice to any other rights and remedies Company may have for your breach of this Agreement. If any action in law or in equity is necessary to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants, and other professionals, and costs and expenses in addition to any other relief to which such prevailing party may be entitled.
Force Majeure. If the performance of any part of this Agreement by either party (other than the payment of money) is prevented, hindered, delayed, or otherwise made impracticable by reason of any flood, riot, fire, judicial or governmental action, labor disputes, act of God, or any other causes beyond the control of either party, that party shall be excused from such to the extent that it is prevented, hindered, or delayed by such causes.
Survival. The terms and provisions of Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, and 8 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties with respect to the Site and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous communications, representations, statements and understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties concerning the Site. The captions and headings of this Agreement are included for ease of reference only and will be disregarded in interpreting or construing this Agreement.
Contact. This Site is operated by Unity Worldwide Ministries and Unity World Headquarters. All inquiries may be directed to Company at unity@unityonline.org.