http://www.supremecourt.ohio.gov/Policy/conditions.asp
The Supreme Court of Ohio
& The Ohio Judicial System
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Web site of the Supreme Court of Ohio. We provide services to you via this Web site subject to the following conditions. If you utilize our Web site, you accept these conditions.
Please read them carefully.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the Web site of the Supreme Court of Ohio, to understand our practices.
Electronic communications
When you visit the Web site of the Supreme Court of Ohio or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically.
You consent to receive communications from us electronically.
We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site.
You agree that any agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically may satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of the Supreme Court of Ohio or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of the Supreme Court of Ohio and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
All software used on this site is the property of the Supreme Court of Ohio or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
License and site access
The Supreme Court of Ohio grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of the Supreme Court of Ohio.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of the Supreme Court of Ohio.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose the Seal of the Supreme Court of Ohio or any logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of the Supreme Court of Ohio without express written consent.
You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing the Supreme Court of Ohio's name without the express written consent of the Supreme Court of Ohio.
Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by the Supreme Court of Ohio.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Supreme Court of Ohio so long as the link does not portray the Supreme Court of Ohio, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner.
You may not use the Seal of the Supreme Court of Ohio or any logo or other proprietary graphic of the Supreme Court of Ohio as part of the link without express written permission.
Your account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
If you are under 18, you may use the Web site of the Supreme Court of Ohio only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
The Supreme Court of Ohio reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel transactions.
Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability
This site is provided by the Supreme Court of Ohio on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
The Supreme Court of Ohio makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site.
You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
Applicable law
By visiting the Supreme Court of Ohio Web site, you agree that the laws of the state of Ohio will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and the Supreme Court of Ohio.
Unauthorized use
The Supreme Court of Ohio reserves the right to take appropriate legal action in any state or federal court to address any instances of unauthorized use of this site, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Site policies, modification, and severability
Please review our Privacy Policy, also posted on this site. These policies govern your visit to the Supreme Court of Ohio's Web site.
We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time.
Our address
The Supreme Court of Ohio
65 South Front Street
Columbus, Ohio 43215-3431http://www.supremecourt.ohio.gov
Home | Contact Us | Search | Feedback | Site Policy | Terms of Use | Career Opportunities