http://www.bernardpartners.com/terms
Terms of Use
Welcome and thank you for visiting the Bernard LLP website. Bernard LLP provides this website to you subject to the following terms and conditions, which may be updated by Bernard LLP from time-to-time without notice. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the following terms and conditions.
Disclaimers
This website, its organization and design, and all information, images, artwork, text, video, audio, pictures and other materials on this website (together, “Content”) are provided “as is”. The Content is believed to be accurate when it was posted on this site. However, the Content may not be accurate, complete or current. Bernard LLP makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the Content or the operation of this website.
Not Legal Advice
The Content of the web site is not legal advice. Do not use or otherwise rely upon any of the Content without first seeking legal advice.
No Privilege or Confidentiality
There is no client-lawyer relationship between you and Bernard LLP until we are formally retained by you in writing. Until that time, any communications between you and Bernard LLP will not be privileged or confidential.
Security
E-mail communications between you and Bernard LLP may not be secure. We suggest that you encrypt all e-mail to increase the security of your communications with us.
Limitation of Liability
Bernard LLP and its partners, employees and representatives will not be liable to you or any other party for any damages of any kind including, without limitation, indirect, special, consequential or incidental damages, lost profits, business interruption or other damages arising directly or indirectly from your use of this website or the Content.
Copyright
The Content and the copyright in the Content is owned by Bernard LLP. You may download information from the website for your personal, non-commercial viewing, but you may not otherwise copy, reproduce, republish, post, transmit, display, frame in another web page, perform, distribute, modify or create derivative works from the Content without our prior written approval.
Trade-Marks
“Bernard LLP”, the Bernard LLP logo, and all other Bernard LLP trade-marks and trade names appearing on this website are owned by Bernard LLP. Unless otherwise indicated, all other trade-marks appearing on this website are owned by third parties and are used by Bernard LLP under license.
Privacy
Bernard LLP respects your personal privacy. You may use this website without providing any personal information about yourself to us. If we ask you to provide us with any personal information, we will tell you the purposes for which we intend to use that information. We will not collect, use, or disclose that information without your consent, and we will not use or disclose that information for any other purposes without your consent.
Linking
The sites that are linked from this website are not under our control. Bernard LLP does not assume any responsibility or liability for any communications or materials available at those linked sites. All links are provided for your convenience only; they are not an endorsement or referral by Bernard LLP. If you wish to provide a link to our website from your website, you may only link to our home page at www.bernardpartners.com. You may not use any Bernard LLP icons or logos on your website without our express written consent, and you may not use the link to suggest that Bernard LLP sponsors, endorses, approves of, or is affiliated with, you or your website.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions, your access to and use of this website, and any claims made at law or in equity against Bernard LLP, its partners, employees and representatives, arising out of such access or use or otherwise, will be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws applicable in the Province of British Columbia, Canada. You submit and attorn to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the British Columbia courts.
Other Agreements
If there is any conflict between this agreement and any other agreement between you or your business and Bernard LLP, the latter agreements will prevail.
General
Bernard LLP may amend these terms and conditions at any time without notice. Accordingly, you should periodically re-visit these terms and conditions to review the then current terms and conditions governing your use of this website. If any part of these terms and conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that part is severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions.