http://www.beneficialarts.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
HomeAbout usRace NightsCasino NightsCorporate EventsScratch CardsBrochureBlogContact usMurder Mystery
Beneficial Arts
> Terms and Conditions
The standard of the race films supplied by Beneficial Arts are second to none. I am delighted to introduce each quality race before the start.
Clare BaldingBBC Television
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the Sporty Race Nights website. Sporty Race Nights and their affiliates provide this site to you subject to the following terms and conditions. Please read the terms and conditions carefully - if you visit our site you are deemed to have accepted them. Please leave the site if you do not.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to our site, in order to understand our practices.
Disclaimer
Whilst this site has been compiled in good faith, Sporty Race Nights make no warranty or representation that the use of this website will be uninterrupted or error free or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. To avoid any doubt, articles and other information are for general guidance only and should not be specifically relied on without taking advice.
Limitation of Liability
To the full extent permissible by law, Sporty Race Nights assume no responsibility or liability for any information published on this website and further disclaim all liability in respect of such information. In particular, Sporty Race Nights hereby excludes all liability for any claims, losses, demands or damages of any kind whatsoever in relation to any information, content or advertisements.
Links
Links to other sites are made at your own risk and Sporty Race Nights accepts no liability for any linked sites. When you access a non Sporty Race Nights third party website, please understand that it is independent from Sporty Race Nights and Sporty Race Nights has no control over that website and the link does not mean that Sporty Race Nights endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or the use of such website. You must take your own precautions to ensure what is selected for use is free of viruses, worms, Trojan Horses and other items of a destructive nature.
Advertising/Sponsorship
Inclusion of any material in adverts or sponsor's materials on this website does not constitute any guarantee or endorsement as to the quality or value of any of the products advertised or any claims made for the product by the manufacturer. Any correspondence or dealings, which you may have with advertisers or sponsors promoting themselves on this website, are solely between you and that party. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of any such dealing or as a result of the presence of such advertisers or sponsors on the site.
Updates
Information may be changed or updated on this site without notice. We may also make improvements and/or changes in the information and/or services described in this information at any time without notice.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions of use shall be governed by the laws of Scotland and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish Courts.
Site Policies, Modification and Severability
We reserve the right to make changes to our site, our policies and these terms and conditions of use at any time. If any of these conditions are deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining conditions.
I enjoyed commentating on these amazing races from around the world.
Derek ThompsonAt The Races
© 2020 Beneficial Arts. All rights reserved.
Site Map | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Sign In to Edit this Site
Design by Creative Born | Website re-developed by Dojo Design Studio