http://www.carrubbers.org/misc/terms.php
Carrubbers
Christian Centre
Loading...
Performing Requested Action
Loading...
Terms and Conditions
Acceptance Of Terms
Carrubbers Christian Centre ("Carrubbers") makes available for your
use on this Web site (the "Site") information and documents
(collectively, the "Materials"), subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in this document (the "Terms and Privacy Policy"). By
accessing or using this Site, which includes your access to or use
of any of the Services, you agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy.
Carrubbers reserves the right to change the Terms and Privacy Policy
from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of the Site will
be subject to the most current version of the Terms and Privacy
Policy posted on the Site at the time of such use. In addition, when
using particular Services or Materials on this Site, you shall be
subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such
Services or Materials that may contain terms and conditions in
addition to those in the Terms and Privacy Policy. All such
guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the
Terms and Privacy Policy. If you breach any of the Terms and Privacy
Policy, your authorisation to use this Site automatically terminates
and you must immediately destroy any Materials downloaded or printed
from the Site.
Copyright; Limited License
The Materials and Services on this Site are protected by copyright
and/or other intellectual property laws and any unauthorised use of
the Materials or Services at this Site may violate such laws. Except
as expressly provided herein, Carrubbers and its suppliers do not
grant any express or implied right to you under any patents,
copyrights with respect to the Materials and Services.
Except as specifically permitted herein, no portion of the
information or documents on this Site may be reproduced in any form
or by any means without the prior written permission of Carrubbers.
Silk icons version 1.3 © www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/.
Use Of Site Information
Except as otherwise indicated elsewhere on this Site, you may view,
download and print the documents and information available on this
Site subject to the following conditions:
The documents and information may be used solely for personal, informational, internal, non-commercial purposes.
The documents and information may not be modified or altered in any way.
The documents and information on the Site may not be distributed.
You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the documents and information.
Carrubbers reserves the right to revoke the authorisation to view, download and print the documents and information available on this Site at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon written notice from Carrubbers.
The rights granted to you constitute a license and not a transfer of title.
Carrubbers Christian Centre
© 2001-2020 Carrubbers Christian Centre | Registered Charity No. SC011455
65 High Street,
Edinburgh,
EH1 1SR
|
0131 556 2626 |
office@carrubbers.org
Conditions of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Mobile View