https://www.naic.org/legal_bulletins.htm
Compiling...
NAIC Bulletins
NAIC Bulletins
Topic
Description
Public Adjuster Consumer Outreach Notice
Notice to Insurance Companies
Notice to Contractors
The Public Adjuster Consumer Outreach Notice explains the responsibilities of public adjusters. The Notice to Insurance Companies requests companies educate policyholders about the role of adjusters. The Notice to Contractors provides guidance on what contractors are permitted to do in the claims settlement process.
Arbitration Clauses and Choice of Law/Venue Provisions in Personal Lines Insurance Bulletin
The bulletin establishes standards for arbitration provisions contained in forms reviewed and approved by departments of insurance. The bulletin specifically addresses pre-dispute mandatory arbitration provisions and choice-of-law / choice-of-venue provisions.
Alternative Filing Requirements for Long-Term Care Premium Rate Increases
This bulletin addresses rate increases for long-term care insurance policies currently in force, in particular pre-rate-stability policies.
Consumer Alert: Seniors Beware
A consumer alert for state and federal regulators can use to warn seniors about abusive sales practices that target seniors and may result in fraud.
Designations/Titles Targeting Seniors
Improper Use of Certain Designations / Titles Targeting Senior Purchasers
Flood Insurance Training Requirements
Flood Insurance Training Requirements For Insurance Producers With A Property Line Of Authority Selling Through The National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP)
Gramm Leach Bliley Act Annual Privacy Notices
Gramm Leach Bliley Act Annual Privacy Notices
Medicare Access and Chip Reauthorization Act (MACRA)
An optional state bulletin to not require Medicare Supplement (Medigap) insurers to re-file the "outline of coverage" form if the only change is the updated Medigap chart. The bulletin does not apply to all states such as carve-out states, states that would require a form number change, or states that have not yet adopted the new MACRA model regulation.
NAIC/NIPR Attachments Warehouse
Guidance Regarding Use of the NAIC/NIPR Attachments Warehouse for the Electronic Filing of Insurance Producer Licensing Documents
Nonadmitted Insurance Reform
NAIC Sample Bulletin that will outline nationwide regulatory changes that will affect the placement of nonadmitted insurance for the states.
Producer Training
Producer Training – Policies Issued Under Qualified State Long-Term Care Insurance Partnership (“Qualified Partnership”)
Stranger-Originated Annuity Transactions
NAIC Sample Bulletin regarding STOA Transactions and limiting insurance companies' exposure to them.
Terrorism Risk Insurance
Filing Procedures for Compliance With the Provisions of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2007
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015
The Model Bulletin was developed to expedite the delivery of a common message to insurers related to implementation issues that have developed as a result of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015.
Use of Retained Asset Accounts
The purpose of this bulletin is to establish disclosure standards regarding the payment of life insurance benefits to a beneficiary by means of a “retained asset account.”
Voluntary Expedited Filing Procedures
Voluntary Expedited Filing Procedures for Insurance Applications Developed to Allow Depository Institutions to Meet Their Disclosure Obligations Under Section 305 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act