http://www.pointloma.edu/privacy-terms-use
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Coronavirus Information for the PLNU Community
Stay up to date with the latest developments >>
Secondary Menu
News
Events
Athletics
Give
Alumni
Close
Keyword
Find People & Places
Institutional Review Board
Schools, Departments & Colleges
Centers & Institutes
Offices
Faculty
Ryan Library
Bookstore
Careers @ PLNU
Offices of Strengths & Vocation
Accreditation
Military Services
Student Financial Services
Viewpoint Magazine
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy and Terms of Use
PLNU Website Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
We respect and are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to the Point Loma Nazarene University (PLNU) website. Out of a high regard for privacy, we have adopted this Website Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use. This document will inform users on how their personal information is processed and used by PLNU. We will take reasonable and necessary steps to use personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Website Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Information Collected
When a visitor requests a page or file from the PLNU website, our servers automatically recognize that visitor's domain name and IP address. Our servers do not automatically record the e-mail addresses of our website visitors. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about users other than the IP address from which they have accessed our site. We use this information to analyze our website traffic. We do not collect this information for specific individuals.
Usage of Information
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting users or sending emails based on requests for information or for processing online applications submitted via our website. Whenever a user voluntarily discloses personal information via our website, PLNU collects this information on its computing systems.
Third-Party Links
The PLNU website contains a number of hyperlinks to third-party websites. PLNU is not responsible for the content of the websites these links redirect the user to, nor is PLNU responsible for the privacy practices of these websites.
Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
The views and opinions expressed on PLNU web pages do not necessarily state or reflect those of PLNU. The information and content on this server is provided "as is" with no warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties and merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Content that appears on this website has been compiled from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice. Although PLNU tries to ensure the integrity and the accuracy of website content, it makes no guarantees about its correctness or accuracy. PLNU makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, quality, non-infringement, accessibility, or adequacy of the contents of the website, or the suitability, functionality, or operation of this website, its contents, or its use with any other equipment or software. By using this website, users assume the risk that the information contained on this website may be inaccurate, incomplete, or offensive. Additionally, the possibility exists that unauthorized additions, deletions, and alterations could be made by third parties to PLNU website materials. PLNU is not responsible for such unauthorized alterations that may occur.
Under no circumstances, including but not limited to, negligence, shall PLNU be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages that may result from the use or inability to use PLNU's web pages, including without limitation the use of, or reliance on, information available on PLNU's website, interruptions, errors, defects, mistakes, omissions, deletions of files, delays in operation or transmission, non-delivery of information, disclosure of communications, or any other failure of performance.
Disclaimer of Contract
All information provided on the PLNU website is provided solely for informational purposes, and does not constitute a legal contract between PLNU and any other person or entity, unless such a contract has been otherwise specified.
Indemnity Release
Users of the PLNU website release and waive any and all claims and/or liability against PLNU arising from or in connection with the use of PLNU's web pages. User also agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless PLNU and any of it employees from and against any and all claims or liability, including costs and attorneys fees, arising from, or in connection with, the use of PLNU's web pages, or failure to abide by applicable law.
Copyright
All compilation and content of this site, including its assembly, design, text illustrations, photographs, logos, etc., are the intellectual property of PLNU unless otherwise specified. All rights, titles, and interests are reserved. By accessing and using this website, users agree to abide by U.S. and international copyright law and all other applicable laws. No part of this website may be copied without written permission. However, users may cite or refer to the URL of this website without limitation. Certain links within this site link to external websites. Material at those external sites may be copyrighted to the organizations responsible for those sites. This copyright notice in no way applies to those external sites.
Modifications to These Policies and Terms of Use
These policies and terms of use may be modified by PLNU at any time without notice, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting on PLNU's website. Users agree to review these disclaimers and terms of use periodically to be aware of changes to them.
Governing Laws and Jurisdiction
These disclaimers and terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of California, United States of America. Disputes arising hereunder shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the federal courts of the United States of America and/or the state courts of California, and jurisdiction therefore shall rest solely in the state of California, United States of America.
Editorial Policy
Any and all communications and editorial content distributed by Point Loma Nazarene University — including but not limited to printed materials and web content — are intended to inform and engage  both the Point Loma Nazarene University community and others, while adhering to the university’s mission and values. During the creation, editing and distributing of such content, the school will be guided by said values and principles.
While Point Loma Nazarene University accepts editorial submissions from alumni and the broader community, the school reserves the right to edit or decline to print material at its discretion.
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) protects the privacy of your education records. FERPA applies to all schools that offer federal financial aid. It also gives your parents certain rights with respect to your education records. These rights transfer to students when they reach the age of 18 or attend a postsecondary (post-high school) institution.
Information releases in Workday allow you to determine with whom the university may share personal information, such as grades, health information, and financial statements. Students must log on to Workday to establish any release permissions. Student Financial Services is only able to discuss a student's account with individuals who have been granted permission by the student.
Privacy Information
PLNU reserves the right to release to the U.S. Department of Education and state agencies, scholarship donors, and college scholarship selection committees any information requested pertinent to your awards (i.e. enrollment status, address, GPA and financial need). However, the University believes the application for and the receipt of financial aid is a confidential matter; information will not be released (other than to these offices/ committees above) without the student’s written permission. We will not discuss your student account or financial aid with your family members or friends unless you specifically grant them permission through the Information Releases section of Workday. You can update your information releases at any time.
Visit the Catalog for more information.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) rules create a framework to protect the privacy and security of patient’s and health plan member’s health information. PLNU supports the goals of HIPAA.