http://www.goodwordbooks.com/privacy-policy
Search form
Search
Create account Log in Cart (0 items) Wishlist
Privacy Policy
Goodword Book values the faith and trust you place in GoodwordBooks.com. That's why we maintain the highest standards for safe and secure transactions and buyer information privacy. Please go through with the below mentioned statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices. We may change or update our privacy policy at any time without prior notice. To make sure you are aware of any update or changes; please review our policy time to time. By accessing the services offered by GoodwordBooks.com, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information by us in the manner provided in our Privacy Policy.
By this Privacy Policy Goodword Books want you to
Feel secure, safe and protected submitting information to GoodwordBooks.com
Feel comfortable using GoodwordBooks.com in any electronic gadgets.
Contact us and write us feedback with your questions or concerns about privacy of GoodwordBooks.com.
1. Gathering of Personally Identifiable InformationGoodwordBooks.com gathers personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number, etc.) from you when you create a free account with GoodwordBooks.com. Although you can visit, browse or read few sections of our site without being a registered user, certain actions (such as placing an order, writing a review, looking for the details etc) do require registration / membership. GoodwordBooks.com do use your contact information (such as email id, etc) to send you offers and / or discount coupon code based on your earlier orders and your interests.
2. Profile Data and Demographic UseGoodwordBooks.com uses your personal information (such as email id, contact number, address, etc) to fulfill the services you request. To the extent Goodword Books uses your personal data to market to you, Goodword Books will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. Goodword Books uses your personal data / information to resolve disputes help promote a safe and secure service monitor consumer interest in our products and services, inform and notify you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates troubleshoot problems; collect fees payable by you; tailor your experience; recognize and protect us against inaccuracy and error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce Goodword Books terms and conditions; and as otherwise mentioned to you at the time of collection. To improve our product and service offerings on goodwordbooks.com, we accumulate and evaluate demographic and profile information about our members' activity on Goodword Books. Goodword Books recognize and use members’ IP address to help diagnose troubles with Goodword Books server, and to manage Goodword Books. Your IP address may also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. Goodword Books will occasionally request you to complete optional online surveys. These questions or surveys may ask you for contact information and demographic information (like name, email id, address, postal code, zip code, age, or income level, area of interest). Goodword Books utilizes this information to customize your experience at Goodword Books, providing you with content that we believe you might be interested in and to present content according to your preferences.
3. CookiesA "cookie" is a little piece of information stored by a Web server on a Web browser so it can be later recognize back from the same browser. Cookies are helpful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given visitors / members. Goodword Books places both temporary and permanent cookies in your devices’ (such as computer, laptop, mobile, tablet, etc) hard drive. Goodword Books cookies do not contain any of your personally identifiable information.
4. Sharing of personal informationGoodword Books may share your personal information with its other entities, divisions and affiliates to prevent and detect identity theft, fraud and other potentially unlawful acts; compare related or multiple accounts to avoidill-treatment of our services; and to facilitate shared or co-branded services that you request where such services are provided by more than one business entity. These organizations and affiliates may not market to you as a result of such sharing unless you clearly opt-in. Goodword Books may reveal your personal data if required to do so by law or in reasonable belief that such revelation is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. Goodword Books may disclose your personal data to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith / belief that such disclosure is reasonably essential to: enforce our Terms and condition or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an promotion, advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our, members, users or the general public. Goodword Books and its affiliates will share some or all of your personal data with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a contract occur that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information.
5. Other Sites linksGoodword Books is linked to other related websites that may collect personally identifiable information about you. goodwordbooks.com is not responsible / answerable for the privacy practices or the content of those linked websites.
6. Security Our site has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Whenever you change or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once your information is in our possession we adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting it against unauthorized access. Apart from your general personal information security, security of your transaction is highly secured under the security of E-Billing solution Pvt. Ltd. They watch check and measure each and every transaction to protect the fraud and wrong transaction. Goodword Books is not responsible and do not keep any of your transaction with us. Your bank, card, password, or otherwise details are checked and secured with EBS.
7. Choice/Opt-OutGoodword Books provides its entire visitor, users or member with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving additional (promotional, marketing-related, offer, deals, coupon code, etc) communications from us on behalf of our partners, and from us in general, after setting up an account with us.
8. AdvertisementsGoodword Books uses outsourced third party advertising agencies to serve ads when you visit Goodword Books. These agencies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits / browsing to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about products and services of interest to you.
9. Questions / Feedbacks?If you have any question or feedback regarding this document / statement should be directed toinfo@GoodwordBooks.com
Copyright © 2020,
Newsletter Sign-up
Newsletter Sign-up
Stay Connected
About us
Contact UsHistory
Founders
Awards
BlogNewsCareerAuthor’s GuidelinesFeedbackTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemap
Wholesale
FAQs
Become a DistributorWholesale
Catalogue / Order Form
Wholesale AccountFeedback
Buy online
Quran
Quran Distribution
Translations of the QuranBe a Quran Distributor
Order Free QuranQuran apps / ebooks
Policies
Privacy Policy
Delivery & Shipping
Refund & Cancellation
Terms of Use
© 2021 GOODWORD BOOKS. All rights reserved.