http://www.pulc.com/includes/privacy-policy.php
Privay Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to Pacific Union Land Company and its affiliates ("PULC"). This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the information we collect through our website (the “Website”), and how we collect, use and share this information.
By using this Website, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time, and notice of any change will be provided by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page.
Collection of Personal Information
As part of the normal operation of this Website, we may request personal information from you, such as your name, address, phone number, email and other business information.
Whether you choose to give PULC this information is completely up to you, but we may not be able to provide you with certain services or information through the Website without this information.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Personally identifiable information about you may be used to improve our company's marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze usage of the Website, to improve our Website content and to customize our Website's content and layout. We believe these uses allow us to improve both our organization and our Website and better tailor information to meet the needs of our clients and Website users. We may use your Personal Information, such as your first and last names, email address, your mailing address and telephone number, to contact you from time to time, or to fulfill other requests from you.
Any personal information provided to us on this Website is not shared with anyone outside PULC and its affiliates and select business partners, except as expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal information if PULC believes that such action is needed to: (1) comply with the law or the legal process, (2) protect against misuse or unauthorized use or access of this website, or (3) protect the personal safety, property, or rights of PULC or any other person or entity.
PULC may also share your information with individuals or companies that perform services for us.
These service providers may have access to, and may use and disclose, your information as needed to perform their functions, but may not use or disclose your information for other purposes.
PULC may share your information with any parent company, subsidiary, joint ventures or other companies under a common control that we may have now or in the future.
If another company acquires our company or all or substantially all of our assets, that company will own your information and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Personal Information; Removal from Email List
If your personally-identifiable information changes (such as your phone number), or if you no longer want us to retain your information, or if you would like your email address to be removed from the PULC email distribution list, this can be accomplished by sending an email to  pulc@pulc.com.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
As visitors navigate through the Website, certain non-personal information may be collected automatically by PULC and/or the company who hosts the Website for PULC.
(Non-personal information is information that does not identify the specific user.)
Specifically, cookies, web beacons, and other automated devices and third party services (such as Google Analytics or Adobe SiteCatalyst) may be used to collect information about our visitors, such as the pages they view on the Website, search terms used, browser type, IP address, operating system, referring URL and the date, length and time of the visit.
This data is used to improve the content of the Website, helps us administer the Website, enable our web site host to provide services for us, and analyze trends.
The Website does not respond to “do-not-track” signals.
Security
We take security of your Personal Information seriously and take precautions to protect your Personal Information.
But, no method of data transmission over the Internet or data storage is 100% secure and therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information transmitted to or from the Website.
Third Party Sites
Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we may collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties, or to third party's advertisers who may advertise on the Website, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of personal information you disclose to them. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to third parties.