https://www.jesuits.global/2020/09/22/promoting-justice-through-legal-assistance-in-india/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Where we are
Ad Usum Nostrorum
English
EspañolFrançaisItaliano
Home
News
Stories
Promoting justice through legal assistance in India
Promoting justice through legal assistance in India
22 Sep 2020
Communications Office
Stories
In 2002, a
group of Garo tribal refugees approached me to be their attorney in a Public
Interest Litigation (PIL) in the Gauhati High Court. They represented over
10 000 refugees living in Sojong village in the Karbi Anglong District of
Assam. The government of India had allotted the forest land for their dwelling
in 1947. The state government wanted to evict them in 2002, claiming they had
occupied reserved forest land. On May 22, 2005, the court directed the
government not to disturb their possession until an objective decision was
taken. To date they enjoy possession.A handful
of Jesuit lawyers have similarly not only taken up individual cases for the
protection of civil and political rights but are also engaged in protection of
the socio-economic and cultural rights of the poor, the marginalised, and the
vulnerable.Since
2007, I have worked to obtain the Minority Status Certificate for over 300
educational institutions in Northeast India. Jesuit lawyer K. M. Joseph of
Patna Province has been defending the rights of minorities and resisting the
interference of the state in the administration of their educational
institutions in central India. He has also successfully freed several bonded
labourers from the clutches of landlords. The Jesuit lawyers of Madurai
Province, through Legal Action, Advocacy Services (LAAS), have been fighting
similar battles to free bonded labourers and claim equal rights for Dalits.
Jesuit lawyers actively defending the rights of
the poor have inspired other religious to take up legal ministry. Of over 1000
law graduates in India who are religious, about 300 are practising in various
courts. Of some 80 Jesuit law graduates, 20 are actively engaged as lawyers,
while others are making use of their studies in the apostolate assigned to
them, with special focus on rural areas.
In 2004,
the Bar Council of India refused the entry of priests and nuns into the legal
profession, stating that their very way of life is a profession and an advocate
cannot practice two professions simultaneously. After 14 years, on September
15, 2017, the Supreme Court of India upheld the order of the Kerala High Court
stating, “Legally qualified religious can practice as advocates and there is no
bar on them in doing so.” The presiding judge in the High Court had said, “I
feel that the entry of such persons, will only add lustre to the profession.
The profession needs selfless dedicated persons to take up the causes of the
downtrodden and of environmental protection, without being concerned with the
fee paid.”Creating
legal awareness through legal literacy sessions and publications disseminating
useful legal information had a multiplier effect on other institutions. They
too published booklets to educate the masses on various legal remedies in
simple non-legal language. When the law on “the right of children to free and
compulsory education” was enacted, UNICEF invited Kohima Region’s Legal Cell
for Human Rights to conduct 100 sessions in rural areas to disseminate legal
provisions on this legislation. In some centres, Jesuit lawyers have been
training Para-Legal Persons, who take the law straight to people’s homes.
Formal training and field work perfected their skills in helping people to
claim their rights.
In 2017, the Karnataka Province established St.
Joseph’s College of Law (SJCL), the first Jesuit Law College. To expose students
to real challenges, the rigorous contemporary-progressive curriculum is
designed with the needs of modern-day legal education kept in mind.
Inspired
by the spirit of GC 32 and moved by the plight of the poor tribals in Gujarat,
the first Jesuit lawyer in India, P. D. Mathew, conceived the idea of giving
legal aid to the poor and studied law in 1976. In 1981, his legal aid programme
at Indian Social Institute Delhi grew as the Department of Human Rights &
Training. It facilitated PILs to uphold the human rights of the voiceless,
especially bonded and child labourers. Travelling to even the remotest places
in the country, he trained persons to become “first-aid lawyers.” Over 250
small booklets in a legal education series have gained popularity even among
educated people. Thus, his endeavour brought the law to the doorsteps of
ordinary people in their own language. The modest monthly legal magazine, in
easily understandable language, started in April 1984 has grown into a monthly
periodical called Legal News & Views.In
September 2018, responding to the increasing violation of human rights under
the right-wing government in Delhi, the Indian Social Institute Delhi
established the Centre for Human Rights & Law (CHRL) to intervene in issues
and problems faced by minorities, women, children, tribals, Dalits, and other
excluded sections of society. While creating awareness and promoting human
rights through literacy sessions, training, and networking and encouraging
dispute resolution out of court, CHRL will take up inevitable litigations and
provide support to like-minded organizations.
These varied efforts of the Karnataka Province
and Kohima Region on legal assistance, instruction, and training help the
disadvantaged find their own voices and make them clearly heard. In the
presence of inequality, we in the Province continue to join our voices with
those discriminated against and together call for justice and work towards a
better India.[Article from "Jesuits - The Society of Jesus in the world - 2020", by Ravi Sagar SJ]
JCSA
India
SJES
Share this Post:
“We form a single apostolic body” (Father General to the Jesuits of Haiti)
Cardinal Ravasi – Leadership and a Culture of Synodality
Posted by Communications Office
- Editor in Curia Generalizia
The Communications Office of the General Curia publishes news of international scope on the central government of the Society of Jesus and on the commitments of the Jesuits and their partners. It also handles public relations.
Related Posts:
Recovering or Denying Human Rights?
10 Dec 2020
Stories
Christian Life Communities – Try it out!
08 Dec 2020
Curia News
The “socius”, discreet but so necessary!
07 Dec 2020
Curia News
Fr. General: “Christ is the centre of the Ignatian Year”
04 Dec 2020
Curia News
For a life of prayer – The Pope Video
04 Dec 2020
Stories
Francis Xavier: a failure that bore fruit
03 Dec 2020
Stories
Recent Posts
Recovering or Denying Human Rights?
10 Dec 2020
Christian Life Communities – Try it out!
08 Dec 2020
The “socius”, discreet but so necessary!
07 Dec 2020
Twitter Feed
Follow Us on Twitter
TagsAdolfo Nicolás
AJAN
Amazonia
Caring for our Common Home
Church
Collaboration
Communications
COVID-19
CPAL
Curia
Discernment
Education
Father General
Formation
Higher Education
Ignatian Year
India
Interreligious dialogue
JCAM
JCAP
JCCU
JCEP
JCSA
Jesuit Stories
Journeying with Youth
JRS
Leadership
Migrants
Missions
Pastoral
Peace
Pedro Arrupe
Peter-Hans Kolvenbach
Pope Francis
Prayer
Refugees
Showing the way to God
SJES
Spirituality
The Pope Video
Universal Apostolic Preferences
Vocations
Walking with the Excluded
The Society of Jesus was founded in 1540 by Saint Ignatius Loyola and his companions. The mission of the Jesuits is a mission of justice and reconciliation, working so that women and men can be reconciled with God, with themselves, with each other and with God’s creation.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
News
Father General
Spirituality
Ministries
Join the mission
Media
Universal Apostolic Preferences
Showing the way to God
Walking with the Excluded
Journeying with Youth
Caring for our Common Home
Praying with the Preferences
Send Message
I declare that I have read the Privacy and Cookie Policy of the "Curia Generalizia della Compagnia di Gesù" and consent to the use of the data I provide.
Send Email
Copyrights © 2020 Curia Generalizia della Compagnia di Gesù - All rights reserved
Privacy policy
Borgo S. Spirito, 4 - 00193 - ROME (Italy) ·   +39-06-698681