https://www.unitedwaync.org/donor-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
HomeAboutStaff2020 UWNC Board of DirectorsContact UsReports & FinancialsFor United WaysUnited Way Log-inSpirit of NC Award WinnersNC United Way DirectoryJobs BoardNC 211GiveAdvocateSelf-Sufficiency StandardOur money needs calculatorCounty Data SheetsCORONAVIRUS (COVID-19)UWHELPS NC COVID-19 RELIEF FUNDNC Disaster Relief Fund
Donor Privacy Policy
UWNC of North Carolina Donor Privacy Policy  Board Approved 9.19.19
This privacy policy (“Policy”) governs how United Way of North Carolina (“UWNC”) collects, uses, maintains, and discloses all information it collects; both online and offline, on any platform or through any medium; for donors, volunteers, and other constituents as well as visitors (“Visitor”) to our websites, www.unitedwaync.org  and www.nc211.org (“Sites”).
This Policy may be changed or updated by UWNC at any time, in UWNC’s sole and absolute discretion, as indicated by the “effective date” first listed above.  Refer to this Policy on a regular basis, as it is UWNC’s policy to post any changes made to this Policy on this page and all changes shall be effective immediately upon posting of such revised Policy. By using our Sites, Visitor agrees to the terms of this Policy then in effect and the continued use of the Sites after any changes are made to the Policy is deemed acceptance of the changes, and each Visitor is required to check the Policy periodically for updates.
INFORMATION UWNC COLLECTS
“Personally Identifiable Information” (“PII”) is information that tells us who you are, such as name, physical address, and e-mail address, and any other information the Sites collect that is defined as personal or personally identifiable under an applicable law. UWNC will collect PII from Visitors on the Sites only if they voluntarily submit such information. Visitors can refuse to supply PII, but it may prevent them from engaging in certain Sites related activities and limit their ability to use the Sites.
“Usage Information” is information automatically collected by a web server (which may be hosted by a third party) that a Visitor's browser makes available when visiting the Sites, such as a computer’s IP (Internet Protocol) address or browser type.
UWNC’S COMMITMENT TO OUR DONORS
UWNC will not sell, share or trade our donors' names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations other than as outlined elsewhere in this Policy or as a routine part of a donor’s other engagement with UWNC (such as the Board of Directors listing on our Sites). UWNC will generate routine social media activity regarding UWNC and our many United Way and community partners.
This policy applies to all information received by UWNC; both online and offline, on any platform or through any medium.
HOW UWNC PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION
UWNC uses industry-leading Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of the information it collects and maintains, both online and offline. All information is stored in a secure database. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although UWNC does our best to protect your PII, the security of your personal or sensitive information transmitted to us is not guaranteed. Any transmission of PII or sensitive information is at your own risk. UWNC will not be responsible for disclosure of information due to errors in transmission or circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures UWNC put in place for your protection.
Security of Credit Card Information
UWNC uses a variety of safeguards to protect the security of credit card transactions, including encryption, access controls, network firewalls, physical security and other measures.
HOW UWNC USES YOUR INFORMATION
UWNC collects, uses and discloses information for the purpose for which it is provided and for the other purposes described in this Policy.  UWNC is the sole owners of the information it collects. UWNC will not sell or rent this information to anyone without your permission.
UWNC may utilize your PII to contact you regarding UWNC, its programs and its agencies; for marketing and promotional purposes; to seek your feedback; to offer you opportunities to give, advocate and volunteer; and to share other pertinent information.
UWNC may use your Usage Information to help us run and maintain our Sites; study traffic patterns and generally learn about the usage of the Sites; personalize Visitor experience; improve our Sites; and target advertisements on our Sites to Visitors. UWNC may disclose Usage Information to third parties, including, but not limited to, our advertisers.
UWNC may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even those we do not disclose your PII for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Surveys and contests
From time-to-time UWNC requests information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information.
Sharing your information
We do not rent, sell or trade donor information to any third party outside of the UWNC system.
REPORTING OF INFORMATION FOR INVESTIGATION OF POSSIBLE ILLEGAL OR HARMFUL ACTIVITIES
UWNC may use and disclose PII and Usage Information when there is reason to believe that using and/or disclosing this information is necessary to investigate, identify, contact, or take action against someone who may have engaged in illegal activities or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Visitors of our Sites, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. UWNC may also disclose PII when there is reason to believe that the law requires it or if UWNC otherwise believes disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of UWNC, our customers or others.
COOKIES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
UWNC may use other technologies (such as cookies, explained below) to enhance Visitor experience and obtain information about a Visitor’s activities on our Sites, such as pages and content viewed, the time and duration of visits and whether a Visitor clicked on a link.
Cookies used on the Sites are “session” cookies, and are used to identify a particular visit to the Sites. Session cookies expire after a short time or when a Visitor closes a web browser. Due to Internet communications standards, when Visitors visit the Sites, it automatically receives the URL of the web sites from which the Visitor originated the search and the web site url the Visitor visits when leaving.
Visitors may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to receive an alert when cookies are being sent. Doing so may result in some parts of the Sites not functioning properly. Additionally, some of our business partners may use cookies on our sites (for example, advertisers). However, UWNC has no access to or control over these cookies.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
UWNC tracks Visitor traffic patterns with Google Analytics. Learn more about Google Analytics. UWNC may use this information to administer its Sites and analyze overall trends, such as the numbers and frequency of Visitors and how much Visitors use parts of the Sites, so that UWNC can make improvements. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports websites trends without identifying individual Visitors.
LINKS
The Sites contains links to other websites. UWNC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites and encourages Visitors to review the privacy policies of the other websites before providing them with any personally identifiable data.
VISITOR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
If you have questions about this Policy or wish to review, update, correct or delete your information or opt out of receiving future communications, you may contact United Way of North Carolina at info@Unitedwaync.org.
Quick Links
HomeAboutStaff2020 UWNC Board of DirectorsContact UsReports & FinancialsFor United WaysUnited Way Log-inSpirit of NC Award WinnersNC United Way DirectoryJobs BoardNC 211GiveAdvocateSelf-Sufficiency StandardOur money needs calculatorCounty Data SheetsCORONAVIRUS (COVID-19)UWHELPS NC COVID-19 RELIEF FUNDNC Disaster Relief Fund
Seeking Help?
Need assistance? Not sure where to start? No matter where you live in NC, you can dial 2-1-1 and a compassionate, trained  NC 2-1-1 call specialist will help you to find available human services resources in your community. Dial 2-1-1 or click the button below to learn more!
Main menu
HomeAboutStaff2020 UWNC Board of DirectorsContact UsReports & FinancialsFor United WaysUnited Way Log-inSpirit of NC Award WinnersNC United Way DirectoryJobs BoardNC 211GiveAdvocateSelf-Sufficiency StandardOur money needs calculatorCounty Data SheetsCORONAVIRUS (COVID-19)UWHELPS NC COVID-19 RELIEF FUNDNC Disaster Relief Fund
User menu
User account