http://www.auspost.com.au/sending/stamps/personalised-stamps/personalised-stamps-terms
Current delivery times & COVID-19 updates
Dismiss alert
COVID-19: Alert bar
Skip to content
Skip to primary navigation
Personal
Business
Enterprise & Gov
About us
Help & support
Log in
Accounts
MyPost
MyPost Business
eParcel
Business Support Portal
ShopMate
Search
Search our site
Search
Close search
Personal
Terms & conditions
MyStamps / Personalised Stamps Terms and Conditions
MyStamps / Personalised Stamps Terms and Conditions
Below are the terms and conditions that You agree to be bound by when using either:
- the MyStamps service; or
- the Personalised Stamps service.
Please read them carefully before submitting your order.
1. MyStamps, Personalised Stamps and You
1.1. Access to either the MyStamps service or the Personalised Stamps service is provided to You subject to these terms and conditions and Australia Post’s General Terms and Conditions (Terms and Conditions).
1.2. By making a MyStamps purchase or a Personalised Stamps purchase online You agree to these Terms and Conditions.
1.3. We reserve the right to amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Your continued use of either the MyStamps service or the Personalised Stamps service will constitute acceptance that You are bound by these Terms and Conditions as amended.
2. Permission to reproduce
2.1. You warrant that you will only submit an image/photo that you own copyright in, or have the copyright owner’s permission to reproduce (permission may be given by a parent or guardian on behalf of a minor).
2.2. Australia Post reserves the right to ask for evidence:
(a) You have the right to reproduce the image/photo;
(b) You have the right to use any intellectual property that is visible in the image/photo (for example, any visible logos or trade marks);
(c) persons featured in the photo have consented to the image/photo being used in this manner.
2.3. If you are unable to provide evidence in response to a request made by Australia Post pursuant to clause 2.2, Australia Post reserves the right to refuse Your order. Where an order is refused, Australia Post will notify You of the refusal (via your nominated email address), cancel Your order and refund any associated payment.
3. Unacceptable or unsuitable images/photos
3.1. Australia Post reserves the right to refuse Your order if, in its opinion, the image/photo:
(a) does not meet our Image Guidelines;
(b) may infringe another person’s/party’s intellectual property rights (including copyright); or
(c) may infringe any other law.
3.2. An image will not meet our Image Guidelines where the image:
(a) discriminates against a person on the basis of age, disability, race, sex, intersex status, gender identity and sexual orientation (or any other protected attribute for which it is unlawful to discriminate);
(b) contains a well-known person or persons (for example, politicians, celebrities, actors, musicians, sports people) be they real or fictional;
(c) contains a well-known location, monument or attraction, be it real or fictional;
(d) contains text or images which do not meet community standards or expectations, or which may cause offence to a reasonable person, or is defamatory or offensive, including but not limited to images containing:
(i) nudity or semi-nudity;
(ii) violence of any kind;
(iii) illegal or anti-social behaviour;
(iv) profanity or obscenities;
(v) firearms or other weaponry;
(e) contains nationalistic, politically motivated messages or symbols, including flags;
(f) contains content in languages other than English not accompanied by an English translation (as required by clause 4).
3.3. Should Australia Post elect to refuse Your order pursuant to this clause 3, Australia Post will notify You of the refusal (via your nominated email address) cancel Your order and refund any associated payment.
4. Translation required
4.1. Images/photos submitted that contain words in a language / languages other than English must be accompanied by a translation.
4.2. You warrant that any translation provided pursuant to clause 4.1 is an accurate translation.
5. Copyright in MyStamps / Personalised Stamps
5.1. MyStamps shapes/images/designs are subject to change without notice.
5.2. Personalised Stamps images/designs are subject to change without notice.
5.3. Any intellectual property (including copyright) in:
(a) the MyStamps shapes/images/designs; or
(b) the Personalised Stamps images/designs,
vests in Australia Post.
5.4. You are prohibited from reproducing (or authorising the reproduction of):
(a) the MyStamps shapes/images/designs; or
(b) the Personalised Stamps images/designs,
without Australia Post's prior written approval.
6. Variations
6.1. Variations in colour, image quality and position may occur in a finished:
(a) MyStamps product; or;
(b) Personalised Stamps product.
6.2. You acknowledge that the:
(a) finished MyStamps image; or
(b) finished Personalised Stamps image,
is dependent on the quality of the image/photo submitted by You.
6.3. To the extent permitted by law, Australia Post will not refund or replace an order if the image supplied by You for inclusion is of poor quality.
7. Postage Rates / Available Denominations
7.1. Postage rates may be varied from time to time.
7.2. Australia Post’s Christmas stamp rate (domestic) and seasonal greeting card stamp rates (international) are only valid for postage between 1 November and 31 December each year. Ordinary postage rates apply outside this period.
7.3. Stamp denominations available via either the MyStamps service or the Personalised Stamps service may be varied from time to time (at Australia Post's discretion).
8. Use of your MyStamps / Personalised Stamps
8.1. You may use Your:
(a) MyStamps; or
(b) Personalised Stamps,
to pay postage on a postal article posted in Australia.
8.2. Each MyStamps stamp or Personalised Stamps stamp used to pay postage will be postmarked or marked as used.
9. Indemnity
9.1. You agree to indemnify Australia Post against any claim, damages or expenses Australia Post suffers in connection with Your order, including but not limited to:
(a) the infringement of a third party’s intellectual property rights;
(b) the unauthorised use of another person’s image or property.
10. Online order fulfilment / Delivery
10.1. Australia Post will endeavour to fulfil an order received online within 10 business days of receipt. For expected delivery timeframes, please see the Parcel Post section on our Delivery Speeds & coverage page.
10.2. Carriage of articles by Australia Post is governed by Australia Post’s General Terms and Conditions.
10.3. If Your order has been placed for use in connection with a special event, You must place your order early enough to allow sufficient time for it to be fulfilled, dispatched and delivered.
11. Complaints / Returns
11.1. If you have a complaint concerning your order, please contact Australia Post on 1800 331 794.
11.2. Returns will be treated in accordance with Australia Post’s Returns Policy. Australia Post does not accept change of mind returns for MyStamps or Personalised Stamps.
11.3. Return requests (along with the MyStamps or Personalised Stamps to be returned) should be posted to:
Australia Post
MyStamps / Personalised Stamps Returns
Reply Paid
PO Box 4000
Ferntree Gully, VIC 3156
This is a reply-paid address. No stamp is required for postage to this address from within Australia.
Australia Post acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land on which we operate, live and gather as employees, and recognise their continuing connection to land, water and community. We pay respect to Elders past, present and emerging.