https://www.habitatforhorses.org/privacy-policy/
Search:
Privacy Policy
Habitat For Horses / Privacy Policy
Habitat for Horses respects the privacy of all of our visitors, online, offline and at our locations. On our website, we do not collect personal, identifiable information from you unless you willingly and knowingly give it to us. All of our pages, with the exception of the “Members Only” area, are open to you without any registration or request for information.
Habitat for Horses does gather identifiable information when it is submitted by you, such as when you make a donation, become a member, request a subscription to a newsletter, volunteer, ask to join one of our programs or request information from us. This information is used solely by us and by entities who are involved in the operation of collecting funds for us through a secure server.
Habitat for Horses will not trade, share or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. Personal information is never sold or shared to a third party. We only share information when required to process a credit card, transfer stock or when required by law.
Opt-Out Policy
If you are receiving any physical mailings from Habitat for Horses and no longer wish to receive such mailings, please email or call our office and you will be removed from any future mailings. If you are receiving any emails from us, an “unsubscribe” link is provided at the bottom of each email.
Cookies
Non-personal information is collected through the use of “cookies,” which are small text files that allow us to track the use of our website and allow for website improvement. They are NOT designed to track or obtain any personal information. Through the use of “cookies” we can measure, for instance, how many people visited a certain page and how long they stayed on that page. This information helps us determine content that is important to you. Cookies can be turned off in most browsers, if you wish.
Reporting Abuse
Any information given to us is treated as confidential. Telephone calls are NOT recorded and no attempt is made to obtain information about you unless you give it willingly. You will be asked if you are willing to testify. If you wish to not do so, just say no.
Personal Information Obtained on Applications for Assistance
We are required to keep records on all individuals in our programs. This information may be shared, without personal identification, with psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers and others to help us in our education and counseling methods. You will never be personally identified unless you request us to do so, or because law enforcement has obtained a warrant for such information.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Habitat for Horses
P.O. Box 213
Hitchcock, TX 77563
409-935-0277
office@habitatforhorses.org