http://www.voa.org/privacy
Donate now
Privacy Policy
WE CARE ABOUT YOUR PRIVACYVolunteers of America respects the privacy of our online visitors and donors. Any personal information you provide is voluntary, and we do not require you to register in order to view our site. There are times, such as when you donate online or use our online advocacy tool, we will collect specific information, such as your name, mailing address, zip/postal codes, and/or e-mail address. If you choose to provide personally identifiable data, you may receive communications from us — by mail or electronically — advising you of upcoming Volunteers of America events, advocacy action alerts, or volunteer and support opportunities.THE INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe collect two basic types of information through our Websites: your personal information, as described above, and non-personally identifiable information. "Non-Personally Identifiable Information" (or "Non-PII") is aggregated information, demographic information, IP addresses and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity.• Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("Non-PII"):When you visit and interact with Volunteers of America's Websites, we and our third party service providers who provide services, including without limitation website hosting, data analysis, and other services of an administrative nature (those third party service providers, our "Service Providers") may collect Non-PII (for example, a list of our Website pages you visit). Non-PII is generally collected from server log files, cookies, and pixel tags. Our Service Providers are those third parties who collect information at our direction through the our Websites.• Pixel Tags and Other Technologies:We and our Service Providers may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags) in connection with the Site to, among other things, track the activities of our Site visitors and compile statistics about Site usage and response rates. We and our third-party Service Providers also may use clear GIFs in HTML-formatted e-mail messages to help us track e-mail response rates, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and identify when our e-mails are viewed or forwarded. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. However, in contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer's hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on website pages.SECURITY OF THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE USVolunteers of America uses secure socket layer (SSL) 128-bit encryption to protect transmission of the information you submit to us when you use our secure online forms.The information you provide to us is stored securely. Volunteers of America ensures the safety of your credit card data with high-quality encryption software and the https:// industry standard security protocol to communicate with your browser. This technology makes online credit card transactions extremely secure. However, if you are uncomfortable with donating online, you may also contribute by calling (800) 899-0089 or by contacting the nearest Volunteers of America local office.TERMS AND CONDITIONSThis Web site is a complimentary information service offered by Volunteers of America.To provide free access to this Web site, we must require visitors to agree to certain terms and conditions.LINKS TO OTHER SITESOur Web site contains numerous links to sites developed by other companies and organizations. Be aware that other sites' privacy policies may differ from ours and Volunteers of America has no influence over third-party privacy policies.NOTICE TO PARENTSChildren are welcome on the Volunteers of America Web site. While here, they can learn more about us, and when appropriate, locate opportunities to serve their communities through our training programs and volunteer activities. Although our Web site currently does not have material directed specifically toward children, Volunteers of America supports the guidelines for interactive electronic media published by the Children's Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau.NOTICE TO CHILDREN YOUNGER THAN AGE 13Do not send any information about yourself to us, such as your name, address, or e-mail address. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children age 13 or younger. In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.TO MODIFY YOUR MAILINGSYou have a choice in how often we contact you, whether by mail or e-mail. We value your support and care about your time, and want you to feel good about the support you provide to help people in need. We realize that you may not be able to help each time we ask. Or, that you may prefer to make a charitable gift only at certain times of the year. Like many people, you may also be concerned about the volume of mail you receive and the impact it has on our environment. We value your support and your trust and therefore, we want to offer you options that will enhance our relationship.To modify your mailing preferences, please email us at modify@voa.org and tell us the following:1. The name and address that appears on the mailing pieces you receive from us.2. If you would like to receive periodic e-mail updates.3. How many times you would like to receive postal mail from us. The Choices are: No change in the frequency of mailings; mailings six times a year; mailings four times a year; mailings two times a year; a mailing once a year; or no mailings.4. To keep costs down, Volunteers of America exchanges list with other reputable organizations. If you do not want your name exchanged, please email us at modify@voa.org.NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICYVolunteers of America reserves the right to amend this privacy policy as necessary.Please watch this space for future changes.FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONIf you have questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, we encourage you to contact us via e-mail at communications@voa.org or write to:Volunteers of America Communications Department 1660 Duke Street Alexandria, VA 22314-3427
Return to top of page