http://www.gov.uk/government/publications/lrs-privacy-notices
Skip to main content
Tell us whether you accept cookies
We use cookies to collect information about how you use GOV.UK. We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve government services.
Accept all cookies
Set cookie preferences
You’ve accepted all cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time.
Hide
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Guidance and support
Brexit transition
Take action now for new rules in 2021
Home
Learning Records Service
Guidance
LRS: privacy notice
Explains to learners how their qualification data is used if they allow others to see their personal learning record.
Published 3 March 2014
Last updated 5 December 2018
— see all updates
From:
Education and Skills Funding Agency
Applies to:
Wales, England, and Northern Ireland
Documents
LRS privacy notice
HTML
Details
Learning providers
You must ensure you provide a copy of the privacy notice to your learners so they understand how their data is used.
Awarding organisations
The privacy notice is for those organisations who have a direct relationship with learners. All learners should be given a copy of the privacy notice to ensure they understand how their qualification data is used, and if they choose to allow others to view their PLR.
If you do not have a direct relationship with learners, you must instruct your centres to ensure they provide a copy of the privacy notice to their learners so that they understand how their data is used.
Published 3 March 2014
Last updated 5 December 2018
+ show all updates
5 December 2018
We have updated the privacy notice.
24 May 2018
Updated privacy notice
25 November 2016
New versions of privacy notices (english and welsh language) uploaded on 25 November 2016.
14 October 2016
Minor editorial change to title of privacy notice relating to Wales.
28 June 2016
Revised version of Privacy Notice for Organisations and the welsh translation of this document uploaded on 28 June 2016.
28 July 2015
New version of Code of Practice for Sharing Personal Information uploaded on 28 July 2015.
9 June 2015
Extended privacy notice for student and learners and privacy notice for organisations updated on 09 June 2015.
3 March 2014
First published.
Brexit transition
21 days to go
Check you’re ready for 2021
Related content
Using the Learning Records Service
ESFA: privacy notice
LRS organisational portal
Learning Records Service: help and support
LRS: validation tool
Explore the topic
Learning Records Service
Is this page useful?
Maybe
Yes this page is useful
No this page is not useful
Thank you for your feedback
There is something wrong with this page
Close
Help us improve GOV.UK
Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.
What were you doing?
What went wrong?
Send
Close
Help us improve GOV.UK
To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone.
Email address
Send me the survey