https://www.navyadvancement.com/privacy-statement.php
Home
Enlisted Forum
(current)
Navy Advancement
Advancement (Home)
Exam Results
Chief's Board Prep
Bibs
PMK-EE
Occupational
Career
Career
Enlisted to Officer
MSC-IPP
MECP
Evals
PRT
Records
Education
Uniform | Awards
Pay | Allowances
PCS | Detailing
Separation
Special Programs
Career Reading
Warfare
Warfare Specialist
EAWS
DSW
EXW
FMF
EIWS
ESWS
Family/ Vet
Veteran
Spouse
Family Support
Medical
Military
Bases
Over Seas
Marksmanship
Site Map
Home
Privacy Statement
Enlisted Products
Boots & Shoes
Challenge Coins
Books
Patches
Folding Knives
Medals & Ribbons
Military Eyewear
Enlisted Store
Website News
Facebook Page has MovedSun, 27 Sep 2020 06:31:33 +0000Giphy GifsWed, 24 Jun 2020 03:06:34 +0000Navy.mil Emails Not Going ThroughSat, 06 Jun 2020 20:52:04 +0000New AccountsWed, 01 Aug 2018 00:49:54 +0000Creating an Account - Validation EmailThu, 25 May 2017 11:08:23 +0000GuidelinesSat, 11 Jan 2014 19:13:58 +0000
Your Privacy
Here at NavyAdvancement.com I respect your privacy as jealously as I want my privacy respected. I will never know who you are unless you tell me! The information I gather through my web statistics is used to improve NavyAdvancement.com. This information includes search engines used to find my web, type of browser, keywords, pages visited, domains and other information that will help me better design my web, and add or change pages depending on what you are looking for.
Your E-mail
The only time I will use your e-mail is if you contact me or if you register in the discussion group. Attempts have been made to fraud me and my visitors so I must use some form of control to guard our privacy. I do not, and never will share your e-mail, name, rate or any other information with any third party regardless if they are reputable or not. Again, I want your privacy respected as much as I want my privacy respected.
Beware of Third Party's Tracking
Please remember, third parties may track your movement, IP address or whatever and I have no control over what others do. Some of the more unscrupulous parasites include Xupiter.com, CometCursor.com, Huntbar, IEPlugin and more. You can view a list of these scumbuckets at www.parasiteware.com and www.doxdesk.com/parasite. Please - beware of what you download!
Navy Discussion
Please know that when using the NavyAdvancement.com forum, any information disclosed on the forum becomes public information so you should exercise caution with any information you post. Many time if I'm not sure about the safety of a web site that I visit I will use an "alias" name. You are more than welcome to use an alias on my forum when you post a comment or question. However, you must know that your IP address is tracked and this helps me when people get abusive. This is done mainly to help you while browsing the the forum, for example keeping track of what you have read already.
Contact
Please feel free to contact me if you have any concerns regarding your privacy. I want your visit to NavyAdvancement.com to be a pleasant one and as a member of the U.S. Navy I want this to be your home on the web!