http://www.st-stephens.com.au/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Church Online
COVID-19 Update
Sunday Services Online
Connect Groups Online
HPS (Half Past Six) and SWITCH Online
Children's Resources Online
Mission Workshop Online
Giving at St Stephen's
Connect Card
Who we are
I'm New Here
What Matters To Us
Our Team
Church Life
Church for everyone
We are an all-age church. We believe that everyone matters to God, and that the church family is for everyone - all ages, backgrounds and circumstances.
Children & Families
Children On Sundays
Youth On Sundays
Friday Youth
Playtime
Groups & Courses
Connect Groups
Scripture in Schools
Alpha Course
Prayer
Prayer
Prayer Resources
Weddings
Sermons
Contact us
Privacy Policy
St Stephen's Anglican Church Privacy Policy
At St Stephen's Anglican Church, Willoughby (the ‘Church’) we respect your right to privacy.
Set out below is a summary of the sort of information we collect and how we hold, use and disclose that information.
Collection of Information
We collect and retain information when necessary for the purposes of the ministry and related activities of the Church. No one is under any compulsion to give us any personal information unless they wish to. The Church may collect general information about you such as your name, address and some other details so that we can contact you. We may also collect other personal information including credit card details during the course of dealing with you, for example when you wish to obtain goods or services from the Church, when you register for conferences, courses or events and when you participate in Church activities or complete other forms or donate to the Church. The information collected may include some sensitive information such as health information. Where practicable, the purpose for which we collect personal information will be made clear at the time of collection. If you do not provide us with certain information we may be unable to provide you with access to some of our services or the assistance you have requested.
Use and Disclosure of Information
We use information only for the purposes we have disclosed at the time of collection, or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose without first seeking your consent, unless authorised or required by law. We will not disclose any sensitive information provided to us, such as health information, without your approval or the person responsible for you. Generally we will only use and disclose your personal information as follows:
(a) to establish and maintain a record of your involvement and attendance;
(b) to provide the products or services you have requested from the Church;
(c) to answer your inquiry;
(d) to register you for events or conferences
(e) to keep you informed of new developments we believe may be of interest to you (if we contact you in this way, you will have the opportunity to decline any further such communications); and
(f) to publish a congregational directory to those participating.
Data Security
We will take reasonable steps to keep secure the personal information which we hold and to protect it from unauthorised disclosure and misuse. Email is not a secure method of transmitting information and so we cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to us by email.
Access and Correction
We will provide individuals with access to their personal information as required by law and take reasonable steps to correct information which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. To request access to the personal information that the Church holds about you please contact the Church’s Privacy Officer. If you wish to have your personal information deleted please let us know and we will delete that information as far as practicable.
Privacy Officer
Concerns, questions or complaints about our privacy policy should be directed to the Church Office.
Sunday Services
Children & Youth
What to Expect
Common Questions
Contact Us
Social Media
Service Times
Sundays @ 7:45amSundays @ 9.45amSundays @ 5.30pm
Our Location
211 Mowbray Rd. (Corner of Sydney St), Willoughby, NSW
Contact Info
02 9415 1727office@st-stephens.com.au
Social Media
© 2020 St Stephen's Willoughby. All Rights Reserved - Privacy Policy
Elvanto Login