http://www.make-a-wish.org.uk/cookies-policy/
Close menu
Give once
Give monthly
£20
£50
£80
£7
£15
£30
Make a donation
or
Pay in your fundraising
Make-A-Wish Foundation® UK
Seventh Floor, Thames Tower
Station Road
Reading
Berkshire
RG1 1LX
01276 40 50 60
© 2019 Make-A-Wish Foundation® UK.
Make-A-Wish® UK Charity Registration
Nos. 295672/SC037479
Close menu
News & Stories
Apply for a wish
Contact Us
Donate
Make a donation
Sponsor a Wish
Be a Wishgranter
Leave a gift in your Will
Give in memory
More ways to give
Lottery
Donate goods or services
Payroll giving
Celebrate and donate
Give by recycling
Give as you shop
Wishes
Wish stories
The Wish Journey
Wish eligibility
Apply for a wish
How wishes help
Donate goods or services
Useful resources for wish families
Share your story
Get involved
Events
Fundraise in your community
Register your fundraising
Fundraising ideas
Get more from your event
How your money helps
GameStars
Meet your Fundraising Team
Volunteer
Volunteer opportunities
Information for volunteers
Meet our volunteers
Corporate partnerships
About us
What we do
Our story
Our strategy
Where your money goes
Governance & leadership
STARboard
Patrons and ambassadors
Working for Make-A-Wish
Media Centre
Policy and procedures
Child safeguarding
Complaints
News & Stories
Apply for a wish
Contact Us
Cookies
Privacy
Accessibility
Wish Applicant Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site map
Downloads
Make a donation
Home
Cookies policy
Cookies policy
What are cookies?Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work better, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. A cookie often contains a unique number, which can be used to recognise your computer when a user of your computer returns to a website that it visited previously.How does Make-A-Wish UK use cookies?We use cookies to enhance the online experience of our visitors, to better understand how our websites are used and to monitor how our advertisements perform. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our site before or whether you are a new visitor.Your rightsOur cookies do not store financial information or information which is capable of directly identifying you (such as your name or address). You have the right to choose whether to accept these cookies. You can exercise this right by amending or setting the controls on your browser to reflect your cookie preferences. However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.Changing your cookie preferencesThe "Help" menu in the toolbar of most web browsers will tell you how to change your browser's cookie settings, including how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether. For details on how to do this, please visit aboutcookies.orgCookie terminologyWe have classified our cookies into two broad types - 'first party cookies' and 'third party cookies':First party cookies are cookies that are served directly by the website operator to your computer, and are often used to recognise your computer when it revisits that site and to remember your preferences as you browse the site.Third party cookies are served by a service provider on behalf of the website operator, and can be used by the service provider to recognise your computer when it visits other web sites. Third party cookies are used for a variety of reasons, most commonly used for website analytics or advertising purposes. More details are provided in the third party cookie section.In addition, cookies may be either 'session cookies' or 'persistent cookies'. Your computer automatically removes session cookies once you close your browser. Persistent cookies will survive on your computer until an expiry date specified in the cookie itself, is reached.