http://www.plc.vic.edu.au/admissions/scholarships/scholarship-conditions
Skip to main content
Home
Admissions
Scholarships
Scholarship Conditions
Scholarships
PLC may offer remission of up to a maximum of 50% of the annual tuition fees to the end of Year 12.
Acceptance of a Scholarship holds the expectation that the student will remain at PLC until the end of Year 12.
A non-refundable enrolment fee will be required on acceptance of a scholarship. Term 1 fees for the following year (also non-refundable) will be payable two terms in advance, in early Term 3. International student fees for the full year will be payable before a Confirmation of Enrolment is issued.
Successful candidates are expected to play a full and meaningful role in the life of the College in general.
Successful music candidates are expected to play a full and meaningful role in the life of the College in general, and the Music School in particular.
Under no circumstances will a candidate be allowed to sit for the examination or music audition other than on the date specified.
On receipt of a scholarship any concessions or bursaries already held by the student are cancelled or renegotiated. A family would not be entitled to a younger sibling discount.
Where two or more scholarships are held concurrently, the value of those given by the College will be reduced so that the total value of scholarships held does not exceed 50% of the tuition and 50% of the boarding fees charged.
Current PLC Year 6 girls are eligible to sit for a Year 7 scholarship.
Students currently attending PLC Senior School are INELIGIBLE to sit for the Years 8 - 11 scholarships.
Any scholarship may be withdrawn if the student’s behaviour or application to her studies are considered unsatisfactory.
Should a scholarship recipient leave PLC before the end of Year 12, the full amount of the scholarship received must be repaid to PLC within 21 days of notice of withdrawal.
Privacy
A requirement of the Australian Privacy Act.
The Registrar’s Office collects personal information, including sensitive information about students and parents or guardians at the time of application for a scholarship. The primary purpose of collecting this information is to enable decisions to be made regarding the award of one of a number of scholarships. This information may be collected via post, email or sms.
Some of the information we collect with regard to this application is to fulfil the requirements of trustees of several of our scholarships and to assess the need of applicants. If you do not provide this information we will not be able to assess the eligibility of your daughter for one of these scholarships.
It is not envisaged that any of this information will be disclosed to others, other than the selection committees for the various scholarships.
Parents may seek access to personal information collected about them and their daughter by contacting the College. However, there will be occasions when access is denied. Such occasions would include where the release would reveal evaluative information in connection with the scholarship decision making process.
If you provide the College with the personal information of others, such as doctors, a spouse or emergency contacts, you should inform them that you are disclosing that information to the School and why, so that they may access that information if they wish.
General Information
Scholarship Conditions
Scholarships on Offer
Registration
Scholarship FAQs
Enrolment