http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/legal/lgln/12.2002.html
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 December 2002
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013,
212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Fred A. Bernstein, Esq., New York City; Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York
City; Alan J. Jacobs, Esq., New York City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb,
Esq., New York; Mark Major, Esq., New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., Washington, D.C.; Tara
Scavo, Student, NY Law School '03; Daniel R Schaffer, New York City; Audrey E. Weinberger,
Student, NY Law School '05; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-9118;
e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
(C) 2002 by the Lesbian & Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
RHODE ISLAND SUPREME COURT REVIVES GAY PALIMONY CLAIM
The Rhode Island Supreme Court has revived a gay palimony claim that was dismissed by the trial
court on the ground that the alleged agreement arose from a "meretricious" relationship.
According
to the supreme court, the nature of the relationship is irrelevant if there is valid consideration for the
agreement. _Doe v. Burkland_, 2002 WL 31510758 (Nov. 12, 2002).
"John Doe" and John Burkland lived together as domestic partners for nine years.
At some point
during their relationship, they registered as domestic partners with the city of New York.
However,
their relationship "soured and ended on bad terms," according to the opinion
for the supreme court
by Justice Flanders.
Indeed, the terms of dissolution were so heated that the plaintiff, identified as
"John Doe" in the court's opinion, filed an action in the Providence County Superior Court seeking
an injunction against Burkland's alleged harassment and threats.
Burkland responded with a denial
of Doe's allegations, and counterclaimed alleging breach of an oral agreement to share equally all
property acquired by either of the men during their period of living together.
Burkland asserted a
variety of alternative theories in addition to his breach of contract claim, including implied contract,
promissory estoppel, constructive trust, resulting trust, and unjust enrichment.
Doe, which originally
filed this action under his own name, moved to dismiss the counterclaims.
Granting the motion to dismiss, the trial judge asserted that an agreement arising out of a
"meretricious relationship" could not be enforced as a matter of public policy.
Finding that Rhode
Island law does not recognize "a marital dissolution between unmarried couples, homosexual or
heterosexual," she rejected all of Borklund's counterclaim theories, and he appealed.
Once the
appeal was filed, Doe, apparently concerned that his name might end up being published in an
official state supreme court decision, filed a motion for permission to redact his name in all court
papers and to proceed anonymously as John Doe.
The superior court granted that motion.
The Supreme Court totally rejected the trial court's conception of the case.
Justice Flanders rejected
the idea that the alleged property-sharing agreement arose from a meretricious relationship, pointing
out that Burkland's counterclaim does not say anything about a sexual relationship between the men.
Rather, Burkland identifies them as being domestic partners who were registered as such in New
York City, and alleges that he agreed to "devote his skills, effort, labors and earnings" to assist Doe
in his career, and that Burkland provided homemaking services, business consulting and counseling.
Justice Flanders found that if these allegations are proven, they would constitute lawful consideration
for a property-sharing agreement.
Flanders invoked the seminal California Supreme Court palimony ruling, _Marvin v. Marvin_, 557
P.2d 106 (Cal. 1976), in which that court accepted a breach of contract claim by actor Lee Marvin's
former girlfriend, who asserted that Marvin had made various promises of financial support to her
in the course of their relationship, and that she had provided a variety of non-sexual services to him.
Flanders also noted that a lower California court had extended the palimony concept to same-sex
partners in _Whorton v. Dillingham_, 248 Cal. Rptr. 405 (1988).
In a footnote, Flanders observed
that more than 30 states have followed the lead of _Marvin_, and in more than 20 of those states
implied as well as express agreements are recognized in a palimony context.
Only three states were
known to have rejected the concept outright.
Flanders also observed that the fact of a sexual relationship does not preclude parties from making
valid contracts with each other.
In Rhode Island, for example, the court has ruled that the Family
Court has jurisdiction to enforce a child custody and visitation agreement made between lesbian co-parents who were domestic partners, in _Rubano v. DiCenzo_, 759 A.2d 959 (R.I. 2000), and in
another case from Wisconsin, _Estate of Steffes_, 290 N.W.2d 697 (Wis. 1980), a home-care nurse
who had an adulterous affair with her patient could bring an action against his estate for non-sexual
services rendered.
"In sum," wrote Flanders, " as long as the alleged consideration for the parties'
putative agreement was not illegal, a suit for enforcement of that contract can proceed, subject to
whatever other defenses may exist."
Furthermore, Flanders found that the trial court should not have automatically rejected Burkland's
other theories.
Unjust enrichment - restitution - could provide a valid claim: "Here, Burkland
asserted that the legal consideration he provided to his former domestic partner for more than nine
years unduly enriched plaintiff by benefiting his career and by helping him maintain his relationship
with his children," wrote Flanders. "Also, a resulting or constructive trust may have arisen in this
case when plaintiff allegedly acquired property in his individual name during the relationship subject
to an agreement to share the same with Borklund." Flanders concluded that at least a court with
equitable jurisdiction should entertain these claims on the merits.
Finally, turning to the issue of anonymity, the court found that the Superior Court erred in granting
Doe's motion, nine months after commencement of trial, to render his participation anonymous.
Doe's real name had been on court papers on file in the clerk's office for that entire period of time,
and his real name had been used by counsel during the arguments in open court, so the supreme court
found that he had waived any claim retreat into anonymity at this point.
However, the court did not
use Doe's real name anywhere in the opinion, which suggests that he could preserve his anonymity
by offering an acceptable settlement to Borklund in exchange for an agreement to withdraw the
complaint. A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Louisiana Appeals Court Rebuffs Sodomy Challenge
The Associated Press reported that a panel of the Louisiana 4th Circuit Court of Appeal had voted
2-1 to rebuff a pending challenge to the state's sodomy law brought by the Louisiana Electorate of
Gays and Lesbians, Inc., in a vote announced on Nov. 20.
However, the dissenting judge had not
yet filed his complaint when the press report appeared on Nov. 22, and a copy of the majority
opinion was not yet available at our deadline.
A full discussion of the case will be published in the
January 2003 issue of _Law Notes_.
According to the press report, the state's Supreme Court had
previously rejected an argument that the sodomy law violated privacy rights; in this next stage of the
proceedings, the issue was whether the law improperly discriminated on the basis of sexual
orientation.
The appeals court majority ruled that there was no evidence that the statute, an antique
"crime against nature" law that makes all oral or anal sex a felony, regardless of the gender of the
actors, discriminates against gays and lesbians.
The court also reportedly rejected an argument that
the trial court erred in not allowing testimony by a state legislator that opponents of attempts to
repeal the law were motivated by anti-gay animus, and by excluding evidence as to the harmful side-effects of the law.
Plaintiffs' attorney John D. Rawls, who has been litigating this issue for many
years, told the AP that the statute "obviously expresses Louisiana's overarching public policy to treat
its gay citizens like scum." A.S.L.
D.C. Court Rebuffs City Commission in Boy Scouts Case
A local human rights commission may not reinterpret the policies of the Boy Scouts of America to
find that Scouting's "expressive message" is not served by barring homosexuals from its ranks.
Therefore, the District of Columbia's Commission on Human Rights cannot force the regional Boy
Scout council to enroll self-proclaimed homosexuals as adult members.
_Boy Scouts of America
v. District of Columbia Commission on Human Rights,
2002 WL 31477935 (D.C. Ct. App. Nov.
7, 2002). The outcome of the case could have been in little doubt after the Supreme Court held that
the Scouts had a First Amendment right to bar gays. _Boy Scouts of America v. Dale_, 530 U.S. 640
(2000).
Nevertheless, the litigants at D.C.'s local high court were supported by as many amici as
might weigh in on a Supreme Court case.
In February 1992, Roland Pool and Michael Geller, two adults with meritorious records as Boy
Scouts in their youth, read in a newspaper statements by Ron Carroll, Executive of the National
Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts, stating that gays do not make good role models for "male
youth progressing into adulthood." Pool and Geller, without knowledge of one another, let Carroll
know of their disagreement with the statement, and informed Carroll of their own exemplary
Scouting records, as well as their homosexuality.
They included details of their participation in gay
organizations. In addition, Pool applied for a volunteer position as Unit Commissioner with the
Scouts. Each received a letter stating that his registration with the Scouts had been terminated, and
asking him to sever all relations with the Boy Scouts. Their names were added to the ineligible
volunteer file.
On October 16, 1992, Pool and Geller filed complaints with the D.C. Office of Human Rights
alleging that the Scouts had engaged in unlawful discriminatory practices by revoking their
membership because of sexual orientation. In its decision, issued more than eight years later, the
Commission found that the Scouts had engaged in an unlawful practice under the D.C. Human
Rights Act, which prohibits discrimination in the provision of goods, services, facilities, privileges,
advantages and accommodations in any place of public accommodation. A "place of public
accommodation"
includes an institution or a club, and encompasses membership organizations such
as the Boy Scouts. Citing _Board of Directors of Rotary Int'l v. Rotary Club of Duarte_, 481 U.S.
537 (1987), the Commission stated that the large size of the organization, its purpose and the non-selectivity of its membership make the Boy Scouts a public accommodation subject to the law.
In light of the Supreme Court's Boy Scouts decision, which was announced before the Commission
finished its work, the Commission had to square its determination with the Court's First Amendment
concerns. The Commission determined that allowing the two complainants to remain Scouts would
not significantly affect the Boy Scouts' ability to advocate its public or private viewpoint, because
the Scouts' policy is no more than a private statement of a few BSA executives, not an actual
expression of BSA policy. This reasoning prevailed in spite of BSA's various position statements
propounding the anti-gay position.
According to the Commission, the position statements were
either generated for media relations or were merely an attempt as part of state litigation in California
"to document a policy that didn't really exist." Furthermore, admitting Geller and Pool as leaders
would not significantly burden the Scouts' expression because -- unlike Dale -- neither Geller nor
Pool was "a gay activist" and neither was likely to "advocate homosexuality as a BSA adult leader"
or "send messages about homosexuality or its lifestyle" just by occupying such a position.
The D.C. court, however, found that this case could not be meaningfully
distinguished from _Dale_.
The attempt by the Commission to interpret the Boy Scouts' beliefs in a way that contradicted
statements by the Boy Scout organization was impermissible under _Dale_. The Scouts' statements
of their tenets must be accepted, and are protected by the First Amendment's freedom of speech and
its necessary corollary, the freedom of association. Government actions that intrude into the internal
structure or affairs of an association, like a regulation that forces a group to accept members it does
not desire, are an unconstitutional incursion on that freedom, according to the court.
The court also analyzed whether the _Dale_ outcome was based in any way on James Dale's status
as an "activist," and thereby a living billboard for his views. In contrast, the Commission had found
that Pool and Geller were not activists, and therefore would not be sending out messages
contradicting the Scouts' core beliefs. The D.C. court stated that "it would be . . . mistaken . . . to read
too much into" the Supreme Court's use of the term "gay activist" as having a bearing on its decision.
However, even accepting the proposition that the term had dispositive meaning for the Supreme
Court, the D.C. court could find little distinction between James Dale's activities and those of Pool
and Geller. "Both joined gay and lesbian employee associations as adults, and both openly told the
Boy Scouts they were homosexual when they initiated contact with the organization in 1992."
Therefore, Geller and Pool cannot be distinguished from Dale as to whether their "acceptance would
derogate from the organization's expressive message." _Dale_, 530 U.S. at 661.
A concurrence to
the D.C. court's unanimous opinion noted that not all discrimination can be tolerated in support of
an expressive message. Quoting Chief Justice Rehnquist's majority opinion in _Dale_, the
concurrence reiterated: "That is not to say that an expressive association can erect a shield against
anti-discrimination laws simply by asserting that mere acceptance of a member from a particular
group would impair its message."
The concurrence went on, those words from the majority opinion
"may become pertinent in a future case presenting a different context." _Alan J. Jacobs_
Mass. Superior Court Finds Transgender Protections in Law Against Discrimination
Ruling on a question of first impression for Massachusetts, Superior Court Justice Linda E. Giles
held that a transgendered person who claims she was discharged because of her refusal to dress as
a man at work could claim unlawful discrimination on account of sex and disability.
_Lie v. Sky
Publishing Corporation_, 2002 WL 31492397 (Mass. Super., Oct. 7, 2002).
Allie Lie, born Robert Lie, began working as an editorial assistant at Sky Publishing Corporation in
Cambridge, Massachusetts, in December 1994.
When hired, Lie went by the name of Robert and
dressed as a male.
But beginning in May of 1998, Lie began dressing as a woman.
On June 16,
management personnel met with Lie and demanded that she wear only male attire while at work.
Management indicated that they did not want to discharge her, only to get her to dress in
conformance with what they saw as "reasonable business policy."
But Lie persisted in dressing as
a woman.
It appears from the court's decision that the employer may not have fully understood what
was going on, and it is not clear what Lie told them in that meeting.
She had been diagnosed as
having the condition known as "gender dysphoria," the formal diagnosis for transsexuals seeking a
change of gender, and she was receiving psychotherapy and had begun hormone treatments to
conform her body to her desired gender.
But the employer took the position that she was merely a
transvestite and should not cross-dress in the workplace.
After being told that she could not dress as a woman at work, Lie filed a complaint with the
Cambridge Human Rights Commission, claiming she was being discriminated against.
But on June
29, she received a written demand from her employer that she refrain from "dressing as a woman,"
and threatening termination.
She replied to the letter, stating that she had been diagnosed with
gender dysphoria and she would continue to dress as a woman.
On July 9, the Cambridge Commission issued a finding of probable cause that Sky Publishing had
violated the city's human rights ordinance.
A few days later, Lie filed new charges with the
Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination.
Two weeks later, she was discharged.
Then
she amended her charges with the state Commission to add a charge of retaliation.
On December
18, she filed a new charge, claiming that Sky discriminated against her based on sex, gender, sexual
preference, perceived sexual preference, disability, and perceived disability.
Lie ultimately withdrew
these charges and filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court on July 20, 2001.
Sky filed a motion for
summary judgment, arguing that it was entitled to judgment as a matter of law and no trial was
needed.
Sky's position, in brief, was that Lie was not discharged for cross-dressing, but rather for sending
an insubordinate email to two supervisors on July 17, using hostile and disrespectful language.
Sky
also argued that discrimination, if any, against somebody who is transgendered does not violate the
Massachusetts ban on sex, sexual orientation or disability discrimination.
Justice Giles found that no previous Massachusetts court decision has directly considered the
question whether the state's Law Against Discrimination protects transsexuals from discrimination.
She found that there are at least two, and possibly three, theories under which a transgendered person
could seek relief.
First, she found that this could be sex discrimination.
Looking first at federal civil rights laws, Giles
noted that some federal courts, including the 1st
Circuit, have found that discrimination against
transgendered people for their fail to conform to a business's gender norms or expectations may be
discrimination on account of sex. "The First Circuit Court of Appeals has weighed in on the matter,
holding that a biological man who was denied a loan application because he was dressed in
traditionally female clothing had established a _prima facie_ case of sex discrimination under the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act sufficient to avoid a motion to dismiss," she wrote, citing the court's
decision in _Rosa v. Park West Bank & Trust Co._, 214 F.3d 213 (2000).
She also noted a recent
state court decision from New Jersey, interpreting that state's civil rights law to cover anti-transgender discrimination as a form of sex discrimination, _Enriquez v. West Jersey Health
Systems_, 342 N.J. Super. 501 (2001). Although such cases have not yet percolated up to the top
state appellate courts, there may be a trend getting started to adopt a broader definition of sex for
purposes of interpreting state and federal laws that ban sex discrimination.
Justice Giles also found that since gender dysphoria is a diagnosable condition recognized in the
diagnostic manual of the American Psychiatric Association, it could qualify as a "handicap" under
the state's Law Against Discrimination.
Unlike the federal Americans With Disabilities Act, which
specifically provides that "gender identity disorders no resulting from physical impairments" may
not be considered a disability for purposes of federal civil rights laws, the Massachusetts law
contains no such statement and is open to a contrary interpretation.
Giles found that Lie could
plausibly claim both to have an actual impairment the substantially limits major life activities, or that
she is regarded as having such an impairment, which is just as good for purposes of finding statutory
protection.
(In dicta, she also commented that recent discoveries about genetic or biological causes
of transgenderism may actually bring that condition outside the exclusionary language in the federal
statute.)
However, Giles concluded that Lie's complaint would not support a claim of sexual orientation
discrimination.
For that to work, Lie would have to be able to allege that she was discharged
because of her actual or perceived sexual orientation, and there was nothing in her allegations to
support this.
All the statements attributed to the company went to the issue of cross-dressing and
gender identity, and nothing was ever said about her sexual orientation.
However, Giles left open
the possibility that in an appropriate case, a transgendered plaintiff could claim sexual orientation
if she could show that the employer's motivation in terminating her was attributable to her sexual
orientation as such.
Giles also found that Lie's retaliation claim should not be dismissed at this stage of the lawsuit.
There is a dispute between Sky Publishing and Lie as to the actual reason for the discharge, and such
disputed questions of fact are not supposed to be resolved in summary judgment motions, but rather
through the presentation of evidence at trial.
This is a decision of potentially great importance, especially if Sky Publishing appeals and it is
upheld at an appellate level.
Transgender rights activists have been urging the addition of specific
language to civil rights laws to protect transgendered people from discrimination.
They have
achieved limited success at the state level (Minnesota and Rhode Island) and much success at the
municipal level, with close to 50 municipal ordinances in cities of varying sizes, but no success at
the federal level.
An emerging body of judicial interpretation finding that transgendered people are
already protected against discrimination could have varied effects: it could undermine the drive for
new statutory language, but could also obviate the need to expend political efforts on new
enactments.
Of course, it also might provoke a backlash of amendments narrowing the scope of sex
discrimination laws, but such a backlash has yet to materialize. A.S.L.
Same-Sex Cohabitation Terminates Alimony Rights in Utah
The Utah Court of Appeals has ruled that a formerly-married woman's right to alimony was
terminated when she began living with another woman in a sexual relationship.
The November 15
decision in _Garcia v. Garcia_, 2002 WL 31538576, reversing a trial court, terminated alimony
payments from Amado Garcia to Diane Garcia.
Under Utah's divorced law, Utah Code Ann. Sec. 30-30-5(9), the court's grant of alimony rights to
Diana could be terminated if Amado proved that Diana was "cohabitating with another person."
On
March 2, 1999, Amado filed a petition with the Farmington County District Court, seeking a
modification of his divorce decree, on the ground that Diana was living with Kimberly Ellis.
According to Amado's petition, Diana and Kimberly had been living together in a sexual relationship
since September 19, 1997.
Diane failed to file a timely response to the petition, so the court had to
treat Amado's allegations as being true.
District Judge Jon Memmott found that the Utah courts have construed this statute as requiring two
factual findings: that the ex-spouse is sharing a residence with another person, and that the ex-spouse
and the other person have "sexual contact evidencing a conjugal association."
According to Judge
Memmott, a "conjugal association" means a relationship similar to a marriage.
Because Utah does
not allow same-sex marriages, Memmott concluded that same-sex cohabitation cannot qualify as a
"conjugal association."
In his opinion, Memmott concluded that "had these individuals been of the opposite sex, their
conduct would be viewed as 'participating in a relatively permanent sexual relationship akin to that
generally existing between husband and wife.' However, there are substantial legal differences
between a man and a woman having common residency and 'sexual conduct evidencing a conjugal
association' and a 'same sex' common residence and 'sexual conduct evidencing a conjugal
association.'" Based on that conclusion, Memmott denied Amado's petition.
On appeal, Presiding Justice Jackson wrote that Memmott had misconstrued the statute.
Jackson
pointed out that the statute used the term "with another person," and so clearly did not require that
the cohabitant be of the opposite sex. "The plain language of the statute requires only that the
alimony payee cohabit 'with another person,' and contains no requriement that the other person be
a member of the opposite sex," wrote Jackson.
Thus, Amado's uncontradicted petition met both
requirements of the statute, and the court of appeals reversed the trial court's decision and sent the
case back down to the trial court for appropriate follow-up to this opinion.
The ruling demonstrates the hypocrisy of the law on same-sex partners.
While Utah refuses to give
any legal recognition to same-sex partners when such recognition would prove useful to them, it does
recognize them when the result would be to deprive them of an on-going benefit.
Of course, one
might alternatively look at this ruling as a foot in the door toward the beginning of legal recognition
of same-sex partners in Utah.
Is the glass a little bit full or mainly empty?
A.S.L.
California Appeals Court Rejects Former Partner's Claims of Undue Influence
In _Hover v. Chapman_, 2002 WL 31458296 (Cal.App. 4 Dist., Nov. 5), the California Court of
Appeal affirmed a trial court decision that the former life partner of a deceased life insurance policy
holder had not made a sufficient showing that the sister of the deceased had unduly influenced the
deceased to name her the beneficiary of the insurance policy instead of the former life partner.
Mark Alsaker, the decedent, lived with Timothy Hover for five years until the two argued in
September 6, 2000.
Hover threw Alsaker, who was terminally ill with cancer, out of his house.
Alsaker went directly to his bank, where he removed Hover's name from his bank account, and then
named his sister, Sandra Chapman, as his designee on his health care proxy. In early October,
Alsaker named Chapman as the beneficiary on his life insurance policy. Alsaker spent the last six
weeks of his life in his sister's house, and died a week after changing the beneficiary designation.
The trial court found that Hover made no showing of undue influence, as not even Hover's own
witness presented any testimony to support his claim. On the record presented, the appellate court
affirmed. _Steven Kolodny_
Nebraska Federal Courts Rejects Sexual Orientation Discrimination Claim Against Community
College
U.S. District Judge Joseph F. Bataillon granted summary judgment to the public employer on a claim
by a gay employee that he had been subjected to harassment and denial of promotion due to his
sexual orientation. _Cracolice v. Metropolitan Community College_, 2002 WL 31548706 (D. Neb.,
Nov. 15, 2002).
Finding that the few factual issues as to which there were disputes would not affect
the outcome, the judge concluded that the employer had done what it could reasonably be expected
to do in combating the alleged harassment, and that the plaintiff provided no factual allegations to
support the claim that his sexual orientation had anything to do with the failure to be promoted.
Gregory Cracolice was hired on July 1, 1999, to be an Academic Advisor at the Fort Omaha campus
of the community college, and to teach courses at both Fort Omaha and the South Omaha campuses.
He alleged that when he was hired he was told that he would be considered for promotion to a
coordinator position when they those positions next opened up the following summer.
Cracolice
alleged that he encountered no problems on the job until November 10, 1999, when he attended a
staff meeting titled "Sexual Orientation in the Workplace," at which he and several other gay
employees were encouraged to "come out." In a deposition, Cracolice testified that he felt good
about the meeting and his ability to share personal information in a safe environment.
But he alleges
that shortly after the meeting he began to receive hate mail and harassing correspondence through
campus mail, Internet, voice mail, and attached to the windshield of his car.
Cracolice complained to his immediate supervisor, who expressed support for him and passed the
information up to higher level supervision.
At various times, the Executive Dean of Campus and
Student Services and the Director of Human Resources got involved in dealing with Cracolice's
complaints.
Since almost all of the incidents involved unknown perpetrators, there was not much
they could do, although when Cracolice identified one employee who was making fun of him, that
employee was called in for a disciplinary lecture and a notice placed in her personnel file.
The
administration also hoped to improve the situation by publishing an article titled "Coping with
Change at Metro" in the weekly in-house publication, and the secretaries in Cracolice's office were
allowed to reposition their desks so they could observe anybody who placed anything in Cracolice's
campus mailbox.
Nonetheless, the anonymous harassment continued and Cracolice decided to quit,
giving notice on May 3, 2000, and in a May 10 meeting with management informing them that he
would not be teaching his class at the Fort Omaha campus.
He was then informed that he would not
be considered for teaching future classes at South Omaha, either.
Cracolice had applied for a promotion to a coordinator position, and the decision to that was pending
while all this other business was taking place.
About a hundred people applied for the three
available coordinator positions.
While Cracolice was ranked in the top 15 applicants, he did not get
the job.
In his complaint, he asserted that he had been promised when he was hired that he would
be promoted when these jobs became available, but in his brief to the court in opposition to the
summary judgment motion he had modified this position to being told that he would be considered
for such a promotion.
Based on this factual record, Judge Bataillon determined that the college was entitled to summary
judgment.
Cracolice was basing his claim on substantive due process under the constitution, not
any announced non-discrimination policy or statutory basis of protection.
(The court noted that this
was _not_ a same-sex harassment case brought under Title VII; indeed, Cracolice did not know the
gender of his anonymous harassers, and the one person he did identify was a woman.)
As such, the
court found that Cracolice had a burden to allege facts showing "conduct that shocks the conscience"
and "interferes with the rights implicit in the concept of ordered liberty." Measured against this
standard, the court found that his allegations fell far short.
Bataillon noted that "Metro took immediate and numerous actions to provide a safe environment for
Cracolice" when he brought the allegations of harassment to the attention of school officials. "Where
a government entity tries to eliminate discrimination but it is not totally successful, the courts will
not require a disproportionate use of resources, particularly, where not much more could have been
done, given the anonymity involved." Bataillon found no "egregious facts" on which a due process
claim could be based.
He also found that Cracolice alleged nothing that would contradict the
college's position that he had been fairly considered for the promotion, and that his sexual
orientation had nothing to do with their decision to select other applicants for the coordinator
positions.
The court also found no support for an allegation that his First Amendment rights were
violated, finding that the claim had not been raised in a timely manner and that Cracolice had not
been forced to reveal his sexual orientation to anybody; he had done it voluntarily at the Nov. 10
meeting.
A.S.L.
Magistrate Recommends Dismissal of Same-Sex Harassment Claim
In _Moran v. Fashion Institute of Technology_, 2002 WL 31288272 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 7), a federal
magistrate recommended that summary judgement be granted to the defendant in a same sex sexual
harassment case. In doing so, whether one agrees with the reasoning or not, the court sets forth a
useful discussion of the factors to be considered in such cases, and the manner in which they are
evaluated, at least in the Second Circuit.
In a male/female sexual harassment case against an employer, the plaintiff must establish 1) a
"sufficiently severe or pervasive [harassment] to alter the conditions of employment and create an
abusive working environment" and 2) that a specific basis exists for imputing the objectionable
conduct to the employer.
The court stated that the plaintiff in a same sex harassment case has an
additional burden of proof because the plaintiff in a same sex case may not take advantage of
inferences which the court will draw in opposite sex cases. The court gave as, an example in opposite
sex harassment cases, "in instances of explicit or implicit sexual proposals or instances of physical
conduct, there is a presumption that the conduct occurred because of gender differences." The court
stated that this presumption, however, may not be reasonable in same-sex harassment cases.
Therefore, in same sex harassment cases, a plaintiff may prevail if, in addition to the two factors
above, s/he presents: (1) evidence that the harasser was homosexual and the harassment is motivated
by sexual desire; (2) evidence that the harasser is motivated by a hostility to the presence of the
victim's sex in the workplace; or (3) evidence that the harasser treated males and females differently
in a mixed-sex work environment.
In this case, the plaintiff, Thomas Moran, worked as a student account representative in the bursar's
office at the Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT) from May 1996 until he was terminated in May
1998. Co-defendant James DeBarbieri became his supervisor when he became bursar in October
1997. The court states that from the beginning, Moran got the "distinct impression"
that DeBarbieri
was attracted to him and wanted their relationship to be "more than professional."
Moran's affidavit
stated that DeBarbieri "watched him closely and stared at him wide-eyed; lingered close to his chair
and touched his arm and/or shoulder for long periods while speaking to him; complimented his
appearance and demeanor; shared his private thoughts and impressions of other bursar office staff;
boasted about his authority to run background checks on individuals; and privately let him know that
he could arrange for him to get a management level position outside the union contract." The court
stated that Moran interpreted this behavior as "indicators of his sexual interest."
Moran was
advanced in the bursar's office shortly thereafter, even though a $130 discrepancy was found in one
of his accounts.
DeBarbieri did not seem concerned at the time. Shortly thereafter, DeBarbieri
promoted Moran to a supervisory position outside Moran's union contract. Moran felt that
DeBarbieri's conduct became more obvious, prompting comments from his co-workers ("Jim likes
you Tom," and "Jim has the hots for you," and "You can get anything you want from Jim."), and
more embarrassing.
In January 1998, the two had to work in close proximity for an extended period, apparently during
spring semester registration. The conduct continued until Moran told his supervisor off, telling
DeBarbieri to leave him alone and that he did not want DeBarbieri around him.
DeBarbieri suddenly became very concerned about the $130 discrepancy at that time. DeBarbieri''s
supervisor was notified of this discrepancy for the first time shortly thereafter, and Moran was
dismissed as of May 1, 1998. FIT took the position that Moran was terminated because the funds
were missing from accounts he managed, and there was no other credible explanation. Moran filed
a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which issued a right to sue letter.
This action ensued. FIT was sued for sexual harassment and retaliation in violation of Title VII the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended. DeBarbieri was sued individually under New York Executive
Law Sec 296(6).
Surprisingly, given the court's statement of the facts, the court found that Moran did not meet his
burden of proof of showing that there as a material issue of fact that DeBarbieri's conduct towards
him was because of his sex. The court stated that Moran "has presented facts demonstrating that
DeBarbieri paid a lot of attention to him, stood close to him, touched his arm or shoulder for a
minute or less, talked to him about co-workers, and stared at him," and thus "(b)ased on his life
experiences in social situations, Moran felt that DeBarbieri's actions toward him were sexual, and
that DeBarbieri was therefore homosexual."
However, the court ruled, Moran presented no evidence
beyond co-worker comments that DeBarbieri was homosexual, and stated Moran even conceded that
he did not know if DeBarbieri was a homosexual. Because no evidence was presented that
DeBarbieri was a homosexual, no inference could be drawn that DeBarbieri's actions were done out
of sexual desire. In addition, no showing was made that DeBarbieri acted out of malice towards
males in the workplace or that DeBarbieri treated males differently from females. The court found
DeBarbieri's attentions to Moran to be facially neutral, and that the level of conduct towards Moran
was insufficient to support a claim that DeBarbieri's attention created a hostile working
environment. Apparently, DeBarbieri was a pest, not a sexual harasser.
Moran's claim that he was he was dismissed in retaliation for rebuffing DeBarbieri's advances was
rejected by the court because he did not take action which was sufficient to bring it to the attention
of appropriate management within FIT, not articulate enough to highlight the nature of his complaint.
All Moran could point to were discussions he has with one of DeBarbieri's subordinates and, finally,
to DeBarbieri, and none of the complaints highlighted the problem in a context of sexual harassment.
The court deemed this necessary in order for FIT to be held liable for DeBarbieri's conduct.
Summary judgment was granted to DeBarbieri on Moran's complaint under New York Executive
Law Sec. 296(6) because liability would first have to be found against FIT before DeBarbieri could
be held liable. Since FIT had no liability, DeBarbieri would have no liability. _Steven Kolodny_
Delaware Family Court Agrees to Expanded Visitation, Contact With Father's Same-Sex Partner
In _Santiago A. v. Pamela A._, 2002 WL 31453319 (Del.Fam.Ct), a gay father sought to expand the
visitation schedule that was in place for two years, in part because he wanted to gradually introduce
his life partner to his children. On July 10, 2002, the Family Court of Delaware ordered the father's
visits to be extended to seven days, not the ten requested. The court also ordered that when a new
therapist is selected for the children, father may begin to slowly introduce the children to his life
partner.
Father lives in Florida and mother resides in Delaware. Father wishes to extend his children's Florida
visits from six days to two consecutive weeks each June and August in the hopes of making his
children feel at home with him. He also wants custody of the children for a full week at Christmas
and during their entire Easter school break. Additionally, the father also requests that the children
commence air travel under the supervision of a flight attendant rather than himself, which the mother
is opposed to because of the events of 9/11.
In addition to extending the time of his visits with his children, father wants to have his children
spend time with his life partner, Mr. Padilla, a pediatrician who lives with father. Father proposed
that they start with dinner visits in public places with a family friend and eventually, after the
children are accustomed to Mr. Padilla, father would like Mr. Padilla to be permitted to stay with
father when the children are visiting.
First, the court looked to the best interest of the children. They are very involved in sports and the
court wanted to ensure that they did not miss any of their sport-related activities unnecessarily.
Second, the court would not grant father's request that the children travel on their own to and from
Florida. The court believes that father and children can bond on the plane ride. Lastly, father
expressed discontent with their current therapist, which the court remedied by allowing the father
to choose another therapist.
With regards to father's life partner, the court ordered that Mr. Padilla be slowly introduced to the
children on the stipulation that a new therapist was selected and that he or she meet with the children
before and after their Florida visits. The court also set forth rules for these visits with Mr. Padilla.
Primarily, the first dinner visit with Mr. Padilla cannot be followed by any other visits during that
particular visitation period. Gradually, the number of visits can increase until there are three public
dinners with Mr. Padilla during any visit in Florida longer than five days. By allowing the father to
slowly introduce the man he loves to his children the court is recognizing the value of family, even
if same-sex partners are members of that family. This decision is important because in many other
cases the court has turned down visits with a life partner altogether. _Tara Scavo_
Election Results
The general elections held throughout the United States on Nov. 5 produced mixed results for lesbian
and gay legal issues.
The Republican achievement of majority control in the U.S. Senate makes it
unlikely that much gay-affirmative legislation could be passed in that chamber over the next two
years, but such legislation would have little hope of passing the Republican-controlled House of
Representatives in any event.
The bigger issue, in terms of gay law (and AIDS law), is the impact
the change in Senate control will have on the judicial confirmation process, since President Bush
appears inclined to appoint appellate judges whose views are rather far to the right.
(For example,
Judge Dennis Shedd, a district court judge nominated for the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals, already
the nation's most conservative circuit, who was reluctantly reported out of the Judiciary Committee
and confirmed by the Senate shortly after the election, despite his testimony at his confirmation
hearing that in eleven years as a federal district judge he had never seen a plaintiff in a civil rights
case who had a meritorious claim.)
All three incumbent openly-gay members of the House were overwhelmingly re-elected (one, Barney
Frank, Democrat of Massachusetts, without any opposition candidate on the ballot).
Both Tammy
Baldwin, a Wisconsin Democrat, and James Kolbe, an Arizona Republican, received more than 60%
of the vote in their successful re-election campaigns.
However, three other openly gay or lesbian
candidates were unsuccessful in their bids for election to contested seats in the House, including
openly-gay Chicago-Kent Law School Dean Hank Perritt.
History was made when Bonnie Dumanis, an openly-lesbian state court judge, was elected District
Attorney in San Diego as a Republican candidate.
Dumanis, whose sexual orientation was evidently
not a major issue in the campaign, was hailed in the press as the first openly-lesbian or gay person
to be elected the head of a prosecution office.
(We'll sit back and wait for some reader to come up
with a contrary claim.)
The election was very close, with Dumanis receiving just a few thousand
votes more than incumbent Paul Pfingst, out of more than half a million votes cast. _San Diego
Union-Tribune_, Nov. 7 & 8, 2002.
As expected, a referendum to amend the Nevada constitution to ban same-sex marriage recognition
passed overwhelmingly, but three other referenda went in favor of gay rights.
In Sarasota, Florida,
a measure overwhelmingly passed mandating the city commission to adopt a civil rights law that
includes sexual orientation.
The _Sarasota Herald-Tribune_ reported that the measure passed in
every city precinct, in some by a 3-1 margin.
The effect of the vote was to amend the city charter,
adding language to ban discrimination in housing, employment and public accommodations on the
basis of age, disability, gender, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation or
veterans status.
Now it is up to the commission to adopt implementing legislation, including
establishment of an administrative agency charged with mediating disputes.
In three other cities -
Westbrook, Maine; Ypsilanti, Michigan; Tacoma, Washington - voters rejected ballot measures to
repeal gay rights laws.
David Cicilline, an openly-gay man, was elected mayor of Providence, Rhode Island, making that
city, the state's capitol, the largest municipality in the United States with an openly-gay mayor.
(Not
the largest in the world, of course, since both Paris and Berlin have openly gay mayors.)
Among other significant election results: Jack Jackson, Jr., a Democrat who is a member of the
Navajo Indian tribe, is the first openly gay American Indian to win a legislative seat, in Arizona's
House of Representatives.
LeGaL Member Daniel O'Donnell became the first openly-gay man to
be elected to the New York State Assembly, where he will joined re-elected openly-lesbian
incumbent Deborah Glick.
The Maryland General Assembly gained its first openly gay male
member, Democrat Rich Madaleno.
Jarrett Barrios, a Democrat, became the first openly gay Latino
person ever elected to a state senate with his Massachusetts victory.
Mark Leno and John Laird were
the first openly-gay men to be elected to the legislature in California, and openly lesbian
Assemblywoman Carole Migden won a seat on the state's Board of Equalization representing 8
million constituents, the largest constituency of any openly-gay elected official.
Also noteworthy
was Democrat Jim Roth's election to the Oklahoma City county commission, as the first openly-gay
candidate ever to win an election in that municipality.
LeGaL also notes with pride the election of our member, Rosalyn H. Richter, as a Justice of the New
York State Supreme Court for
New York County. A.S.L.
Civil Litigation Notes
_U.S. Bankruptcy - New York_ - In _In re: Joseph Aiello, Debtor_, 2002 WL 31496400 (E.D.N.Y.,
Nov. 4, 2002), Bankruptcy Judge Craig, observing that $10,000 in debt incurred by Aiello for
medical expenses of his cohabiting domestic partner were no compelled by any legal support
obligation, held that the remaining $7,000 owed on that debt should not be treated differently from
other personal expenses of the debtor in evaluating a motion by the U.S. Bankruptcy Trustee seeking
dismissal of Aiello's Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition.
(The petition was granted, mainly because
Aiello sharply increased his monthly contributions to his 401(k) pension fund shortly before filing
the bankruptcy petition, and apparently sought to conceal this from the Trustee and the creditors.)
_U.S. Illinois_ - A federal district court jury in Chicago awarded $2 million in punitive damages and
$15,000 in compensatory damages to Kentin Waits, a gay man who claimed that he was the victim
of excessive force from Belmont District Officer Daniel Durst, and that Sgt. Michael Prusank stood
by and failed to stop the beating that Durst was administering to Prusank.
It was alleged that Durst
was motivated by revenge, as Waits had squirted him with water the previous day.
(A news report
did not indicate why Waits had done that.)
The Nov. 1 jury decision imposed $1.5 million in
punitive damages on Prusank and $500,000 on Durst; the $15,000 award was against the city.
The
jury rejected a claim that the defendants were motivated by Waits' sexual orientation. _Chicago
Tribune_, Nov. 2.
_U.S. District Ct. - Oregon_ - A federal magistrate found that a hostile environment sexual
harassment claim brought by a male Oregon resident against his former employer, a California-owned food services management company, should be returned to the Oregon state courts where it
was filed, over the objection of the defendant.
Jason Hawkins worked for Bon Appetit Mgt. Co. for
about a year.
He complained several times about a stream of sexually explicit communications
targeted at him by two male supervisory employees. (Hawkins did not specify the nature of the
sexually explicit communications, beyond asserting that they were sexually explicit and graphic and
that he made clear that they were unwelcome.) As his complaints (and the alleged harassment)
mounted, he was finally discharged.
He sued both his employer and the supervisors, alleging
harassment and retaliatory discharge against all defendants and intentional infliction of emotional
distress against the supervisors.
The company sought to remove to federal court on diversity
grounds; Hawkins resisted by pointing out that the supervisors were also Oregon residents, so there
was not complete diversity.
Hawkins did not raise any claim under Title VII or any other federal
law.
The company argued that the intentional infliction of emotional distress claim was invalid on
its face, and that only the employer could be sued under the state discrimination law, and accused
Hawkins of having fraudulently joined the supervisors as co-defendants in order to defeat removal
to federal court.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Stewart disagreed with the employer on this.
While finding
that not every hostile environment case concerns facts egregious enough to support a claim for
intentional infliction of emotional distress under Oregon tort law, Stewart concluded that the
allegations in this case were sufficient to defeat a removal attempt, even if an Oregon court were to
subsequently determine that the IIED claim had not been proven. _Hawkins v. Bon Appetit Mgt.
Co._, 2001 WL 34039135 (D. Or., Oct. 22, 2002).
_U.S. District Ct. - Puerto Rico_ -- Demonstrating yet again how difficult it is for a plaintiff to win
a sexual harassment case in the federal courts, Chief U.S. District Judge Laffitte of the U.S. District
Court in Puerto Rico granted summary judgment in favor of the defendant in a rare female same-sex
harassment case. _Crespo v. Schering Plough Del Caribe, Inc._, 2002 WL 31496552 (Oct. 31, 2002).
Alice Lee Crespo alleged constructive discharge and both hostile environment and quid pro quo
discrimination, her allegations focusing on the behavior of her immediate supervisor, Mayra
Gonzalez.
As recounted by the court, the conduct upon which Crespo based her charges was neither
severe nor pervasive enough to justify finding a constructive discharge or a valid harassment claim
under Title VII (although some of it appears to this reader to have skated close to the line, wherever
that line might be place).
No evidence was introduced as to the sexual orientation of Ms. Gonzalez.
_Arkansas_ -- On Nov. 8, Pulaski County, Arkansas, Circuit Judge David Bogard denied cross-motions for summary judgment in a pending legal challenge to state regulations banning gays from
being foster parents.
Bogard said he could not decide this important constitutional issue as a matter
of law, but would need to hold hearings. "At issue is what is in the best interest of children," he said.
"It's too big of an issue in this case to decide it on the law without having a hearing. . .
I want to
make sure we're doing what's right.
I don't feel comfortable granting summary judgment in this
case.
We're not dealing simply with the rights of gays." The case was set down for trial in January
2004, by which time Bogard will be retired from the bench and will have successfully passed the
buck in this controversial case to another judge. _Arkansas Democrat Gazette_, Nov. 9.
_California_ - In _Low v. Golden Eagle Insurance Co._, 2002 WL 31598843 (Cal. App., 1st Dist.,
Nov. 20, 2002) (not officially published), a unanimous panel of the court of appeal affirmed a trial
court's ruling that an insurance company in liquidation did not have a contractual obligation to
defend its insured, an employer, against a defamation and invasion of privacy claim brought by a
supervisory employee against the employer arising out of a radio broadcast during which the
supervisor's sexual orientation and positive HIV status was discussed.
The radio station was
covering a story about a lawsuit brought by another employee who claimed that the supervisor forced
him to have sex in order to keep his job.
The supervisor, made defendant in a discrimination claim,
cross-complained against the company, and its insurer refused to provide a defense, citing the
Employment Related Practices (ERP) provision of the employer's liability policy.
The court of
appeal panel, after analyzing four California appellate cases raising similar issues, found that the
weight of precedent supported the trial judge's ruling in this case, and that the insurer had no
obligation to defend.
_Michigan_ - On July 31, 2002, the Michigan Supreme Court ruled in _Mack v. City of Detroit_,
467 Mich. 186 (2002), that a sexual orientation discrimination claim premised on a city ordinance
could not be the basis for a suit in state court because of the governmental tort liability act of
Michigan, and the burden of raising and arguing the issue of immunity was on the plaintiff.
The
ruling drew a dissent.
Just as impassioned were the dissents filed when a majority of the court voted
to deny rehearing and reconsideration.
The dissenters contended that the court's prior disposition
of the case denied Linda Mack's due process rights, because before the court's opinion was issued
there had been no argument or briefing on the immunity issues, which had not been raised by the city
in its defense of the case.
The announcement of the denial of rehearing, with accompanying
dissenting and concurring opinions, is published as _Mack v. City of Detroit_, 2002 WL 31558036
(Mich. Nov. 19, 2002).
_Minnesota_ - The Duluth School Board voted unanimously on Nov. 19 to approve a $30,000
settlement of a sexual orientation discrimination claim pending against the school before the
Minnesota Department of Human Rights, in which Deborah Anderson claims that the principal of
her school discriminated against her based on sexual orientation.
The brief newspaper report on this
in the Nov. 20 issue of the _Duluth News-Tribune_ did not contain any details of Anderson's
allegations.
_Ohio_ - Two Ohio Probate Judges have recently refused attempts by transgendered individuals to
obtain marriage licenses.
Trumbull County Probate Judge Thomas A. Swift refused to grant a
marriage license to Jacob Nash, a female-to-male postoperative transsexual, and Erin Barr, on the
ground that neither Nash nor his attorney would answer the judge's questions about his genitalia and
surgery, asserting personal privacy rights.
Stark County Probate Judge R. R. Denny Clunk is now
defendant in a federal civil rights suit by Sean M. Brookings, a female-to-male transsexual who was
ordered arrested by Clunk after he discovered following the death of Brookings' wife that Brookings
had listed himself as male on licenses that Clunk had approved. _Washington Blade_, Nov. 15.
_Pennsylvania_ - The Associated Press reported on Nov. 22 that Bedford County Judge Thomas
Ling rejected a petition from Daniel Gryphon MacNeal, who was born Ellen Bernadine Thompson,
for a new birth certificate taking account of his sex-change last year.
MacNeal, who has been taking
hormone treatments for twelve years, is employed as a truck driver, and is desperate to get a new
drivers license, which requires as a prerequisite a new birth certificate. "Every time I get stopped for
safety checks or whatever, if it's a super cop, they pick up on the fact that my license says I'm a
female and I look like a male," said MacNeal, who has a beard and mustache.
In his ruling, Ling
reportedly said that genes and chromosomes are the only legal basis for designating sex on a birth
certificate.
Reacting to the story, Tiffany Palmer, the legal director at the Center for Lesbian and Gay
Civil Rights in Philadelphia said that MacNeal should not have filed a court action, because Ling
was correct in asserting that he did not have authority to make this change.
Palmer said that
MacNeal should have applied to the state's Department of Vital Statistics, which could address the
issue administratively.
_Vermont_ - The Vermont Supreme Court has ruled that an 18-year-old who was living with his
mother and her male domestic partner in July 1996 when he suffered injuries while riding his
motorcycle and being struck by an uninsured motorist was not covered under the AAA insurance
policy that covered the male domestic partner and members of his family. _Congdon v. Automobile
Club Insurance Co._, 2002 WL 31528471 (Nov. 8, 2002).
The court found that the case involved
a matter of construing the policy itself as a contract, and that the terms were not ambiguous.
Paul
Boffa, the domestic partner, was designated as the insured, and Jane Werley, the plaintiff's mother,
was designated on the contract as an insured driver.
(Werley and Boffa were co-owners of the house
in which they lived with the plaintiff, Lucas Congdon.)
The policy contract provided that coverage
would extend to people related to the insured by blood or marriage or adoption, but the court found
this concept could not be stretched under the guise of statutory interpretation.
Congdon could not
be considered Boffa's "ward," because he is not an orphan, and he couldn't be considered a "foster
child" because he was over 18.
The court did not discuss whether the result would be different had
the accident occurred after the passage of the Civil Union Act several years later, and had Boffa and
Werley been registered with the state as reciprocial beneficiaries, a status provided for opposite-sex
unmarried couples under that law.
Also, no dicta concerning civilly-united same-sex partners and
their children. . .
_Washington State_ - The _Seattle Times_ (Nov. 3) reported that Yakima County Superior Court
Judge Heather Van Nuys has ordered that a lesbian couple that is breaking up should be ordered to
divide assets equally, despite the lack of any state law that deals with property rights of unmarried
couples.
Van Nuys reportedly said that the relationship between Dr. Julia Robertson and Linda
Gormley was "sufficiently marriagelike to provide equitable relief.<170.
Gormley, a nurse, sued
Robertson, a physician, when they ended their relationship in 1998.
Van Nuys issued her written
order on Nov. 1, referring to the relationship as an "intimate domestic partnership," and noting that
the women "did engage in activities directly affecting their careers, assets and debts, including
pooling resources, commingling funds, becoming jointly liable on debts." Under those
circumstances, Van Nuys found that it would be unfair for Robertson "to retain all the property, the
home, the equity and the improvements and be responsible for only half of the jointly held credit
cards she maintained during the relationship." The news report indicated that Robertson had not yet
announced whether she would appeal. A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
_California_ - In _People v. Knee_, 2002 WL 31623598 (Cal. App., 5th Dist., Nov. 21, 2002) (not
officially published), a three-judge panel unanimously upheld the first degree murder convictions
of Steven James Knee for the killing of Virgil Turner.
On appeal, Knee argued that the jury was not
properly instructed on the standard to use in deciding whether he committed the murder out of
passion.
Knee, who identifies himself as gay or bi but who was struggling with his sexual
orientation at the time that he gunned down Turner while Turner and Turner's wife were serving
food in a church pantry, claims that he was motivated by Turner's conduct.
Turner had allegedly told
Knee that he was bisexual and had come on to him sexually in the past, but when confronted with
this by their pastor, had called Knee a "pervert" and had also repeated a story Knee had allegedly told
him about being sexually interested in a 13-year-old girl in their congregation.
At the prosecution's
request, the court had instructed the jury that "a defendant's subjective mental state, such as
voluntary intoxication, depression, mental illness, physical illness or other such condition which may
cause him to more readily give way to passion, is not relevant to the objective standards used to
determine the sufficiency of provocation.
In other words, the reasonable person's disposition does
not include a defendant's particular idiosyncrasies." Knee argued that this instruction wrongly
communicated to the jury that it could not take his homosexuality into account in determining
whether he was sufficiently provoked for his crime to be manslaughter rather than first degree
murder.
The appeals court rejected Knee's argument, observing that there "is simply no. . .rule of
evidence specifically permitting evidence of the reasonable homosexual or bisexual person.
This
is because the law does not permit a defendant to set up their own standard of a reasonable person
based upon a particular defendant's personal characteristics.
This is not to say that such evidence
is not relevant, nor pertinent, to the issue of whether a particular murder is or is not reducible to the
crime of manslaughter.
This evidence is relevant and pertinent solely on the issue of whether the
particular defendant on trial actually, and subjectively, acted in the heat of passion.
However.
It may
not be considered by the jury in determining whether a reasonable person would have been
sufficiently provoked by the victim to kill." The court upheld Knee's sentence of 50 years to life and
restitutionary fines.
_California_ - In an unofficially published opinion, a unanimous panel of the California Court of
Appeal, 2nd District, upheld the 50-year-to-life prison sentence of Michael E. Shaw for the murder
of his former lover, Albert Sanchez. _People v. Shaw_, 2002 WL 31589935 (Nov. 20, 2002).
The
opinion by Acting Presiding Justice Johnson sets out a detailed story about a once-happy relationship
that went sour, in which the wealthier man, a successful lawyer, demanded that his partner move out
of his house, and was shot to death.
(This vastly oversimplifies a complex story that is related in
detail in the court's opinion.)
Ironically, the victim had told somebody just days before his murder
that he was afraid something like this might happen, and had taken steps to avoid being alone with
the defendant, but at the time he and his brother went to the house to demand that the defendant
leave, the victim had been taking drugs and was undoubtedly not thinking clearly.
The issues on
appeal involved allegations of ineffective assistance of counsel and prosecutorial misconduct, but
the court found that neither the defense attorney's failure to make a particular meritorious objection
nor the prosecutor's inappropriate questioning of the defendant about his opinion of other witness's
veracity during cross-examination were likely to have been outcome-determinative.
Johnson wrote:
"The evidence appellant deliberately killed Albert was compelling.
Appellant knew Albert wanted
him to move out, if from no other source then from Albert's letter telling him goodbye.
When
appellant saw his car missing from the garage, he prepared by placing his fully loaded handgun at
the ready in his handbag.
When clear he had to leave, appellant enticed Albert to come to help him
by crying and wailing about not knowing what to do and what to pack.
Once in the bedroom and
away from Richard [the victim's brother], appellant fired once into Albert's heart, dropping him to
the floor.
Then in a mocking voice appellant repeatedly asked 'Is this extreme enough?' between
firing off rounds into Albert's groin area.
He emptied his gun and may or may not have been
preparing to reload when he emptied the cylinder of the shell casings into the toilet.
In addition. .
. physical evidence, as well as portions of appellant's own testimony severely undermined his
defense.
This combination of strong evidence of guilt, and a less than credible defense, convinces
us there is no reasonable probability the prosecutor's improper questioning affected the verdict in
this case."
_Cincinnati, Ohio_ - Jeffrey Kibler is soon to be tried for aggravated murder in the death of his
domestic partner, William Gibbs.
According to the prosecution's theory of the case, pending in
Hamilton County Common Pleas Court, Kibler feigned a fatal illness in a desperate attempt to keep
Gibbs from leaving him.
When Gibbs finally announced he was leaving anyway, Kibler allegedly
shot his in the chest with a .25-caliber handgun and hit him in the head and face with a baseball bat.
At first Kibler told paramedics summoned to the scene that it was an accident, then that Gibbs had
attacked him and he responded, and finally that they were wrestling and the gun "went off." The
prosecution had asked the court for an order for a medical examination of Kibler, but Kibler has now
confessed that he was not ill.
If convicted, he faces a maximum life sentence. _Cincinnati Post_,
Nov. 2.
_Georgia_ - After some initial hesitation, Fulton County, Georgia, District Attorney Paul Howard
announced that the baseball bat beating of a Morehouse College student accompanied by
homophobic epithets will be prosecuted as a hate crime under Georgia law.
Responding to the
incident, Morehouse officials have formed a panel to examine how the campus deals with diversity,
tolerance and homophobia.
The first three persons named to the panel were Peter Gomes, the
Plummer Professor Christian Morals and Pusey Minister at Memorial Church at Harvard University,
who is openly gay, and Paul Burkgett, senior adviser to the president at the University of Rochester,
and Caryn M. Musil, vice president of diversity, equity and global initiatives at the Association of
American Colleges and Universities. _Atlanta Journal-Constitution_, Nov. 22. A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
_Colorado Springs, Colorado_ - The city council voted 5-4 on Nov. 6 to adopt a domestic partner
benefits plan for same-sex partners of city employees.
At present, the city extends such benefits to
all legal spouses (including common law spouses) of employees.
Thus, only opposite-sex partners
who do not qualify as common law spouses would be excluded from the benefit. _Colorado Springs
Gazette_, Nov. 7.
_Orlando, Florida_ - On Nov. 18 the Orlando, Florida, City Council voted 4-3 in favor of adding
"sexual orientation" to the city's anti-discrimination laws.
The vote was preliminary; a second vote
was to be held on Dec. 2.
The local laws cover employment, housing, and public accommodations,
and exempt businesses with fewer than 6 employees, landlords with fewer than 4 housing units,
religious groups and private clubs.
If complaints are brought to a city agency, the only penalty for
violation is a $500 fine, which is not paid to the victim of discrimination, who otherwise must fend
for himself or herself by hiring counsel to sue.
The mayor, Glenda Hood, voted against the measure,
opining that it was unnecessary. "This is a city that does respect diverse lifestyles, and this is a city
that does accept different definitions of family," said Hood. _Associated Press_, Nov. 20.
_Chicago, Illinois_ - The Chicago City Council voted on Nov. 6 to add the term "gender identity"
to the city's ordinance against discrimination.
The measure was passed with the support of Mayor
Richard J. Daley. _Washington Blade_, Nov. 15.
_Boston, Massachusetts_ - On October 30, Mayor Thomas Menino signed into law an amendment
to the city's law against discrimination that adds "gender identity or express" to the forbidden bases
for discrimination in employment, housing, public accommodations, education, credit, lending and
insurance. _Washington Blade_, Nov. 15.
_Texas_ - The same-sex marriage battle again surfaces in Texas, where Rep. Warren Chisum, a
Republican from the town of Pampa, has filed a bill that would ban recognition of same-sex
marriages or civil unions in Texas.
The bill has been identified by Republican leaders in the state
as a high priority for the session that begins early in 2003.
_Houston Chronicle_ A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
Lambda Legal Defense has posted a chart on its website demonstrating that bureaucratic or judicial
refusals to approve name changes for transitioning transgendered persons are unlawful in almost
every state.
According to a Nov. 12 press release noting its recent victory in obtaining a new birth
certificate for a transgendered person in Virginia, 47 states now have specific laws, more general
laws, or administrative procedures that would allow such modifications to birth records.
Only three
states either have no relevant statutory law or have case law involving absolute judicial refusals to
approve such changes.
The data can be found at www.LambdaLegal.org.
At a forum at Rutgers University hosted by the university's Center for Women and Work on the
subject of domestic partnership benefits, data was presented showing that between 10 and 15 percent
of all employers in the U.S. now offer health care coverage to same-sex partners of employees.
Thirty percent of the Fortune 500 companies were reported to provide such benefits, and 85% of
employers who have adopted such benefits plans have reported no significant increase in benefits
costs as a result. _The Record_, Hackensack, N.J., Nov. 9.
More support for the theory of genetic (or at least physical) bases for sexual orientation: A research
team at Oregon Health & Science University created news by announcing studies on sheep that tend
to confirm that sexual orientation is reflected in differential brain structures. _Reuters_, Nov. 5.
The State of Oregon will be issuing an official apology to those who were subjected to eugenic
sterilization under a law that singled out "sexual perverts" and "moral degenerates" for such
treatment.
The law defined "sexual perverts" as individuals who were addicted to the practice of
sodomy.
The law was in effect from 1917 until 1966, and the last
"sexual pervert" to be sterilized,
according to news reports, was in 1953.
A 1935 revision of the law was specifically modeled on a
eugenics law enacted by the Nazi regime in Germany, which had been praised by state officials.
The
1935 revision authorized referral of "sexual perverts" and "moral degenerates" to the state's
Eugenics Board, which would decide whether they were to be sterilized.
State records show that
about 2,600 people were sterilized (on these and other grounds) during the period when the law was
in effect.
Although seven states maintained such laws, to date only Virginia has apologized formally
to those who were sterilized.
Our thanks to historian George Painter for alerting us to this
development.
While New York City's mayor, Michael Bloomberg, recently disavowed support for a pending bill
that would require the city to contract only with employers that provide domestic partnership
benefits, ostensibly on the ground that NYC is not a large enough purchasers of goods and services
to give companies an incentive to adopt such policies, a much smaller purchaser of such services,
Portland, Maine, is having a real effect with its policy.
According to a Nov. 14 report in the
_Portland Press Herald_, Catholic Charities Maine is considering changing its benefits policy to
allow employees to extent coverage to unrelated adults who live with them in a common household,
in order to remain eligible for Portland contracts on various social services programs.
But then,
Portland's purchasing power is so overwhelming by contrast with puny NYC.
Nine Republican U.S. Representatives have sent a letter to President Bush, who is honorary co-chairman of Big Brothers and Big Sisters of America, asking him to get the organization to back
away from its announced non-discrimination policy on sexual orientation.
Conservative religious
and "family values" groups went ballistic last summer when the national organization proclaimed
its non-discrimination policy and instructed local chapters that gay men and lesbians may serve as
mentors for children in the program.
The leader on the letter is Rep. Tom Tancredo, who wrote:
"Many of these kids are emotionally fragile and desperate for attention and affirmation from an adult
of their own gender.
The new policy ignores the psychological research and common sense.
As a
general rule of thumb, Big Brothers doesn't match up adult men and teenage girls.
Obviously, that
would set up a risky situation that could lead to sexual abuse." A spokesperson for Human Rights
Campaign responded that the letter was "spreading misinformation in an attempt to smear innocent
members of the gay and lesbian community." The White House had no comment beyond
acknowledging having received the letter. _Rocky Mountain News_, Nov. 20.
Reacting to receiving a "zero" rating from Human Rights Campaign as a place for gay people to
work, the Lockheed Corporation has reversed direction on its policies, announcing that it will add
"sexual orientation" to its non-discrimination policies and will come up with a plan to offer health
benefits to same-sex domestic partners of its employees.
The company sent an email announcement
about the change to its 125,000 employees on Nov. 21, according to a report in the _Washington
Post_ (Nov. 23).
Just a year ago the company had recommended that shareholders reject a proposal
to mandate the addition of "sexual orientation" to the company's non-discrimination policy. A.S.L.
"Fat Tuesday" in England and Wales:
Limited Cohabitation Rights and Joint Adoption for Same-Sex Partners and Parents
Tuesday, November 5, 2002, will probably be remembered as one of the most important days in the
struggle for LGBT equality in England and Wales, as the Court of Appeal and the House of Lords
(in its legislative capacity as the upper house of the United Kingdom Parliament) effected the
greatest expansion of rights for same-sex partners and parents to date.
In _Mendoza v. Ghaidin_
(http://www.courtservice.gov.uk), the Court of Appeal held unanimously that the phrase "a person
who was living with the original tenant as his or her wife or husband" in the Rent Act 1977 must be
read as meaning "a person who was living with the original tenant _as if they were_ his or her wife
or husband," and that the phrase covers the same-sex partner of the original tenant.
Juan Mendoza
was therefore entitled to succeed to a tenancy of the private sector rented apartment he had shared
for 18 years with the original tenant, his deceased partner Hugh Walwyn-James, on the same terms
as if he were the legal spouse of the original tenant.
The Court of Appeal was able to reach this conclusion because sec. 3 of the Human Rights Act 1998
(in force since Oct. 2, 2000) requires it to read all legislation, "so far as it is possible to do so," in a
way which is compatible with the European Convention on Human Rights.
Before the Human
Rights Act 1998 came into force, the House of Lords (in its judicial capacity as the highest appellate
court of the United Kingdom) had held in _Fitzpatrick v. Sterling Housing Association_, [1999] 4
All E.R. 705, that a same-sex partner can succeed to a private sector tenancy as a "family member,"
but not as a person "living ... as ... wife or husband" (the latter involving a below-market rent and
a lease that can be passed on to a partner).
The new interpretative obligation in sec. 3 of the Human
Rights Act 1998 allowed the Court of Appeal to overcome the grammatical objection of the House
of Lords in _Fitzpatrick_ that the statutory language implicitly required persons of different sexes.
However, the Human Rights Act 1998 would not have allowed the Court of Appeal to strike down
statutory language that was expressly contrary to the European Convention on Human Rights, e.g.,
"a person _of the opposite sex_ who was living with the original tenant ...."
The issue for the Court of Appeal was whether failure to interpret "living . . . as . . . wife or husband"
in the Rent Act 1977 as covering a same-sex partner would constitute discrimination violating
Article 14 of the Convention, combined with Article 8 (right to respect for one's home).
Lord Justice
Buxton found that the difference in treatment between same-sex partners and unmarried different-sex
partners did not have an objective and reasonable justification. "[A]s to the interests of landlords and
flexibility in the housing market, Parliament has . . . extended full Rent Act protection to survivors
of heterosexual unmarried partnerships, a class that one would instinctively think to be much more
numerous, and thus whose recognition was much more threatening to flexibility, than would be the
category of same-sex partnerships. And so far as protection of the family is concerned, it is quite
unclear how heterosexual family life (which includes unmarried partnerships) is promoted by
handicapping persons who are constitutionally unable, or strongly unwilling, to enter into family
relationships so defined. . . . Sexual orientation is now clearly recognized as an impermissible ground
of discrimination . . . Parliament having swallowed the camel of including unmarried partners within
the protection given to married couples, it is not for this court to strain at the gnat of including such
partners who are of the same sex as each other."
Although Mendoza concerns the interpretation of a "living . . . as . . . wife or husband"
in only one
statute, there are many other United Kingdom statutes that use variations of this expression, because
unmarried different-sex partners in the United Kingdom have achieved limited recognition (much
more than in the United States and much less than in Canada or the Netherlands).
Depending on
their wording, the Mendoza interpretation could be applied to all such statutes, thereby extending
the entire, limited package of rights and duties enjoyed by unmarried different-sex partners to same-sex partners.
Examples are succession to public sector housing (which is restricted to spouses, blood
relatives and persons "living ... as ... wife or husband"), and wrongful death claims by surviving
unmarried partners under the Fatal Accidents Act 1976.
Later on Nov. 5, same-sex partners in England and Wales acquired the right to adopt children jointly,
along with unmarried different-sex partners, when the House of Lords (in its legislative capacity)
approved the Adoption and Children Act 2002 (which received Royal Assent and became law on
Nov. 7; see http://www.hmso.gov.uk/acts/acts2002.htm).
The final version of the Act has not been
posted, but an earlier version allowed adoptions by "a couple" (sec. 48(1)), and defined "couple" as
"(a) a married couple, or (b) two people (whether of different sexes or the same sex) living as
partners in an enduring family relationship" (sec. 139(4)).
Resistance in Europe to joint adoption
by same-sex partners is at last starting to crumble.
England and Wales (the Scottish Parliament has
jurisdiction over Scottish family law and will likely follow soon) join the Netherlands, Sweden and
the Navarra region of Spain in allowing joint and second-parent adoptions (the Netherlands excludes
inter-country adoptions), while Denmark and Iceland allow one partner to adopt the other partner's
genetic (but not adopted) child.
It is surprising that the United Kingdom Parliament, which has yet
to pass legislation prohibiting any form of sexual orientation discrimination or expressly recognising
same-sex partners, would start with joint adoption of children.
The explanation lies in the fact that
the Government presented the issue solely as one of widening the pool of potential adoptive parents,
because it is in the best interest of children needing adoptive parents, and not as one of the rights of
unmarried partners, same-sex or different-sex. _Robert Wintemute_
Other International Notes
_Canada_ - The Ontario Court of Appeal has announced that it will hear the government's appeal
of the July 12 decision by the Ontario Superior Court in _Halpern v. Canada (Attorney General)_,
which held that the failure to allow same-sex couples to marry violates the Canadian charter's
equality requirements.
The Superior Court had given the government 24 months to come up with
a legislative solution.
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon indicated that he is appealing the case in
order to keep his options open while deciding what to do in response to the decision.
The
government has begun a consultative process that will involve hearings in different parts of the
country to elicit public opinion on whether the open marriage to same-sex partners or to provide
some other legal vehicle to achieve the results mandated by the court decision.
Canada has already
gone a long way towards full legal recognition for same-sex partners, with both provincial and
federal laws providing a large measure of recognition for specifically-designated purposes. _National
Post_, Nov. 15.
_Canada_ - A suit by 2,000 residents of British Columbia seeking survivors benefits from the
Canadian Pension Plan will be consolidated with a pending nationwide class-action, where the total
amount in contention is expected to be more than $400 million.
The action will be consolidated
before Ontario Superior Court Judge Maurice Cullity.
Relying on recent equality rulings from the
Canadian courts, the suit claims that surviving same-sex partners of individuals covered by the plan
should be entitled to the same survivors benefits as surviving spouses. The plaintiffs are individuals
whose claims accrued prior to the changes in Canadian statutory law that now extend such benefits
entitlements, effective Jan. 1, 1998.
_Canadian Press_, Nov. 22.
_United Kingdom_ - Reversing a prior action, the House of Lords voted on Nov. 5 in favor of the
government's proposal to allow same-sex couples to adopt children.
The Commons was poised to
attempt to override the Lords in a subsequent vote, but calmer heads prevailed.
According to a news
report by the Associated Press, when the matter is finalized the U.K. will become the fifth European
country to allow joint adoptions by same-sex partners, after Sweden, Denmark, Iceland and the
Netherlands.
_United Kingdom_ - British press outlets reported on Nov. 10 that a policy review led by Barbara
Roche, the Minister responsible for equality issues, had concluded that same-sex couples in Great
Britain should be allowed to register their relationships with the government and be recognized as
equal to married spouses as "next of kin" for legal purposes, including property and inheritance
rights.
A report to that effect will be provided to the Parliament.
Stonewall, the gay rights lobby in
England, is backing a private member's Bill introduced in the House of Lords by Lord Lester to
create a "civil partnership" system that would include same-sex partners. This bill does not have the
backing of the Blair government, which is apparently working on coming up with its own legislative
proposal. A.S.L.
Professional Notes
At the annual meeting of the Association of American Law Schools to be held in Washington, D.C.,
on January 2-5, 2003, the Section on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Issues will cosponsor
a program on law school diversity and will present a program on transgender legal issues and their
relevance to bar-required courses.
The section is also sponsoring a "town meeting" on the Solomon
Amendment and the recent successful push by the Defense Department to get recruitment access to
law school campuses.
The meetings are being held at the Marriott Wardman Park Hotel. A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
Another Setback on ADA Protection for People Living With HIV Infection
The Fifth Circuit ruled that an HIV+ man had not established that he was disabled so as to warrant
protection under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). _Blanks v. Southwestern Bell
Communications, Inc._, 2002 WL 31355003 (Nov. 4). In an opinion that demonstrates the limits of
the Supreme Court's landmark ADA decision in _Bragdon v. Abbott_, the court determined that
plaintiff was not disabled under the ADA because he failed to demonstrate that any major life
activity, and in his particular case, reproduction, had been impaired due to his disability.
Albenjamin Blanks began working for Southwestern Bell in 1977. After almost twenty years with
the company, Blanks took short-term medical disability leave from his position as a residential
customer service representative due to depression and work-related stress. While on leave, doctors
diagnosed Blanks with HIV. Blanks received a medical release to return to work in early 1997, but
his doctor had recommended that he not work in customer service relations because the pressures
of dealing with belligerent customers had contributed to his previous stress and depression. For
several months, Blanks and his employer attempted to work out an appropriate reassignment. Bell
offered to reinstate him as a supplies attendant, the position he had held prior to becoming a
customer service representative, but Blanks was not able to perform the heavy lifting duties
associated with that job due to recent hemorrhoid surgery. Blanks suggested a position as an internal
customer service representative, but Bell denied this request. Bell ultimately offered him a position
as a general clerk, but for $100 less per week in salary. Although Bell originally accepted the
reassignment, he resigned after two weeks on the grounds that he could not continue to support his
family due to the pay cut associated with the new position. Bell filed a charge of disability
discrimination against Bell for its failure to reasonably accommodate his disability.
The district court granted Bell's motion for summary judgment on the grounds that Blanks had failed
to produce any evidence that he was disabled. On review, the Fifth Circuit affirmed. First, the court
rejected Blanks's claim that his HIV had limited his major life activity of reproduction, based on the
fact that his wife had undergone a procedure to prevent her from becoming pregnant with any
additional children years before Blanks was diagnosed with HIV. Furthermore, Blanks conceded that
he did not want to have any more children. Accordingly, the court agreed that there was no basis for
finding Blanks disabled on this ground.
Apparently, Blanks did not present evidence regarding any other major life activities that had been
limited as a result of his HIV, because the court commented next that, "[i]f an individual is not
substantially limited with respect to any other major life activity, the Court may consider whether
the individual is substantially limited in the major life activity of working." The court noted that
Blanks' willingness to take any other position at Bell with comparable pay indicated that he was not
substantially limited in the life activity of working as a general matter. Rather, he was only unable
to perform the job of residential customer service representative. The court noted that <169one is
not substantially limited in working if he or she is unable to perform a single job or narrow range of
jobs." Therefore, the court affirmed the trial court's determination that Blanks had failed to prove that
he was disabled under the ADA. The court also summarily rejected any argument that Blanks had
been discriminated against because he had a record or history of impairment, because, to the extent
that Blanks was impaired, the impairment in the court's view had not substantially limited a major
life activity.
Finally, the court agreed with the decision below that Blanks had not demonstrated that his employer
had regarded him as disabled. The court noted that Bell had tried to place Blanks in a number of
different positions upon his return to the company, which demonstrated that the company did not in
fact regard Blanks as disabled and unable to perform any other tasks. Rather, Bell only considered
him unable to perform the tasks associated with the position of customer service representative. Due
to its determination of these questions, the court did not reach the question of whether Bell failed to
reasonably accommodate Blanks' disability. _Sharon McGowan_
Attorneys Fees Assessed Against Doctor Who Filed "Bad Faith" HIV Disability Claim
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit has approved an award of more than $100,000 in legal
fees to Sun Life Assurance Company for having to defend against a disability benefits claim filed
"in bad faith" by Peter Seitzman, an HIV+ doctor. The November 14 ruling in _Seitzman v. Sun Life
Assurance Company of Canada, Inc._, 2002 WL 31545075, approved District Judge Loretta Preska's
finding that Dr. Peter Seitzman had misrepresented his physical condition when he filed his
insurance claim.
Although there was a time in the mid to late 1980s when an HIV diagnosis was treated by some
insurers as automatically qualifying a person for disability retirement, the drastic improvements in
health associated with newer AIDS treatments that became generally available in the mid 1990s has
wrought an important change in benefits eligibility practices. Today, a person seeking disability
insurance benefits in connection with HIV must demonstrate actual impairment preventing him from
performing his usual employment.
According to the 2nd Circuit opinion by Circuit Judge Dennis Jacobs, Seitzman diagnosed himself
as HIV+ in 1986 and began to experience symptoms or illnesses in 1989. He relied primarily on
himself for treatment until February 1998.
In 1996, Seitzman sold his medical practice for $1.5
million to TPS of New York, Inc., but continued to work in the practice as an employee of
Manhattan Medical Care, Inc., a company affiliated with TPS, with the understanding that he would
train a physician to replace him and retire from practice by mid-June 1998. According to his
longtime office manager, who testified in the lawsuit, Dr. Seitzman wanted to "enjoy life while he
was feeling well" and "enjoy the fruits of what he had earned." The office manager planned a
surprise retirement party for Seitzman on June 10, 1998, which he attended.
Despite the complications of his medical condition, Seitzman continued to work in the practice until
June 7, 1998, missing very little time to ill health. In fact, he appeared so healthy that the doctor he
hired and trained to replace him testified that he didn't know Seitzman was ill until he called in sick
on June 8, claiming to have experienced a severe asthma attack and being unable to continue
working.
Dr. Seitzman filed claims under two different policies, seeking disability benefits payments. Sun Life
denied the claims, and Seitzman went back to work, finding a job with New York State evaluating
medical claims. But in his benefits claims, he alleged, under oath, that he was too disabled to work
as a doctor.
Judge Preska found that Seitzman's testimony at trial about his disability was not credible, being
contradicted by the testimony of those who worked with him and by his own demeanor on the stand.
Seitzman was employed at the time of the trial, about two years after his retirement from practice.
After the court of appeals had upheld Judge Preska's ruling denying Dr. Seitzman's benefits claim,
the case went back to Judge Preska to decide whether to award attorney fees to Sun Life, the
defendant. The statute under which Seitzman sued, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
(ERISA), allows judges the discretion to award attorneys fees to the winning party.
Generally, attorneys fees are not awarded against claimants unless it is determined that the claim was
made in bad faith, that the claimant can afford to pay the fees, that the award of fees would deter
others from acting similarly, and the relative merits of the parties' positions. Judge Preska found that
Seitzman made the claim in bad faith, knowing that he was not really qualified to receive disability
benefits since his HIV infection was not actually disabling him from working, but desiring to have
the income from the disability policy provided by his employer.
The appeals court approved Judge Preska's findings, rejecting Seitzman's argument that awarding
fees might deter future benefits claimants from filing meritorious claims. Judge Jacobs pointed out
that Seitzman's case did not involve a valid claim, and furthermore that Seitzman's repeated
misrepresentations of his physical condition on a variety of questionnaires and forms took his case
outside of the more normal situation where somebody might inadvertently misstate a fact in a single
incident.
Judge Preska found that Sun Life's attorney fee claim of over $200,000 was reasonable, but cut it in
half, apparently in light of Seitzman's diminished earning position as a result of his retirement from
full-time practice. (Seitzman's situation was complicated by the default on payments for his practice
by TPS.) The appeals court, while upholding Preska's finding that Seitzman made the claims in bad
faith, rejected Sun Life's argument that Preska abused her discretion by cutting in half the amount
Seitzman would have to pay. A.S.L.
Federal Court Finds N.Y. Police Violating Laws Authorizing Needle-Exchange Programs
In a pair of rulings issued Nov. 19, U.S. District Judge Robert Sweet found that law enforcement
officers in New York City and in the town of Chester (Orange County) were improperly arresting
needle-exchange program participants for possession of hypodermic works and trace elements of
drugs. _Roe v. City of New York_, 2002 WL 31599522 (S.D.N.Y.); _L.B. v. Town of Chester_,
2002 WL 31599521 (S.D.N.Y.).
The allegations of the plaintiffs in the New York City case assert that police officers apparently
routinely ignore the needle-exchange program cards that are supposed to give their possessors
immunity from arrest for possessing hypodermic needles obtained from a needle-exchange program.
Indeed, the claim is that officers tear up the cards and arrest the individuals for possessing the
needles (and any trace element of drugs found in the needles), even though a formal Police Dept.
policy specifies that they are not to be arrested.
In plain English, the cops on the street do not appear
to like needle-exchange programs and are intent on enforcing the laws against possession.
Similarly,
the allegation of L.B. is that he was arrested for possessing some clean needles he had obtained from
a needle-exchange program in New York City when he was moved up to a program in Chester and
was carrying his needle supply with him, the local law enforcement people taking the position that
his needle-exchange program card was of no effect outside the five boroughs of New York City.
Judge Sweet found that there is a problem of statutory construction here.
The legislature outlawed
unlawful possession of hypodermic needles, but specified that one of the laws to be consulted in
determining whether possession is unlawful is the Public Health Law.
All parties in these cases
agreed that the Commissioner of Health did have the authority to promulgate the regulations
establishing the needle-exchange programs and providing identity cards to participants that were
supposed to serve to protect them from arrest when they were going to and from the exchange
program to swap used needles for clean ones.
"It would be bizarre to conclude that the Legislative intent was to permit the creation of needle
exchange programs in order to remove dirty needles, while at the same time frustrating that goal by
making the essential steps of participation criminal," asserted Judge Sweet.
The defendants had
asserted that participation in the exchange programs was at best an affirmative defense to a criminal
charge of possession, but Sweet disagreed with this interpretation: "Since unlawful possession of a
hypodermic needle is defined by reference to the Public Health Law and thereby the regulations
authorizing registered participants, there is no underlying crime," he wrote. "Logically and as a
matter of law there can be no probable cause.
It is also noted that the Defendants' position is not
supported by the relevant Operations Order of the NYPD or by the Deputy Commissioner for Legal
Matters.
They have taken the position that needle exchange participants are not to be arrested or
charged. . .
Given the aim of needle exchange programs to encourage participants to return dirty
needles for clean ones, and thereby remove infected equipment from circulation, this construction
is necessary."
Sweet concluded that certain of the defendant police officers should not be granted dismissal on
grounds of qualified immunity, noting continuing factual disputes regarding particular arrests, but
conceding that prior to his ruling there was not a clear judicial decision harmonizing the criminal and
health laws on this issue.
A.S.L.
California Appeals Court Upholds Long Sentence for Spitting
A 3 judge panel of a California Court of Appeal unanimously upheld the conviction of Angelo
Labathe, who is HIV+, for assault with a deadly weapon by spitting. _People v. Labathe_,
2002 WL
31458258 (Cal.App. 2 Dist, Nov. 5, 2002).
Labathe was sentenced to 63 years to life.
According to the opinion for the court by Judge Woods, in late 1999 Lauren Nochella and Labathe
were patients at a psychiatric hospital and became friends.
After they were discharged they agreed
to meet.
Labathe purchased cocaine for them. The next day, Nochella drove Labathe to a motel
where Nochella went to sleep. When she woke, Labathe was gone. He came back and asked
Nochella to buy more drugs with him. Nochella refused and Labathe pushed her to the ground, held
a knife at her stomach and said "I'm gonna kill you" repeatedly.
Nochella fled the room, after which
Labathe threw her belongings into the parking lot.
Nochella ran to her car and Labathe went after
her, but she managed to get in and lock Labathe out.
Labathe then climbed on the roof.
Nochella
drove to the entrance of the parking lot, where she waited for Labathe to get down.
Labathe climbed
down and walked down the street.
A stranger called 911 reporting a "guy [was] beating the holy hell out of his woman." Officers
Vincent Albano and Greg Stys of the Los Angeles Police Department responded and placed Labathe
in the back seat of their patrol car. Stys went to Nochella's car and interviewed her.
Nochella told
Stys she had learned in the hospital that Labathe was HIV+.
Stys returned to the patrol car, and
Albano went to interview Nochella. When Albano returned, Stys told Albano that Labathe had
confirmed he was HIV+.
When Labathe was told that he would be charged, he "flew off the handle"
and "went crazy." Labathe yelled, screamed and kicked the passenger side car window, yelling;
"Fuck you. You're not gonna take me to jail."
Stys opened the patrol car's back door and Labathe
jumped out. Stys grabbed Labathe, and they fought on the ground. Stys and Albano grabbed Labathe.
During the course of the
struggle, Labathe kicked Albano 20 to 30 times. Albano received blows on most of his body. In
addition to kicking Albano, Labathe was spitting and trying to bite Stys. Albano managed to tie a
hobble cord around Labathe's knees, and the officers placed Labathe in the patrol car's backseat
again.
Labathe continued to kick in the car.
Six back-up officers arrived. Labathe banged his head against the window, which was partially open,
causing his forehead to bleed. Albano heard another officer say, "Watch out." When Albano looked
over, he saw Labathe with blood running down his forehead and into his mouth. Labathe spat
through the open window into Albano's mouth. Albano tasted blood, spat on the ground and saw his
saliva was tinged pink with what appeared to be blood. Labathe, who had broken free of the hobble
cord, opened the car door by reaching out the window and jumped out of the car again. The eight
officers restrained Labathe. Albano and Stys took Labathe to a hospital; en route, he said he was
"gonna kill" them and banged his head against the patrol car's plastic partition.
After the incident, Albano immediately received a blood test. Albano has had four tests which were
all negative for HIV.
Appealing his conviction, Labathe argued that the jury should have been told to view his admission
of being HIV+ with "caution" due to its prejudicial nature.
The appellate panel rejected Labathe's
position, noting that his admissions were uncontradicted and that the jury was given other witness
credibility instructions. In addition, the panel found that Labathe's spitting at the officers and telling
them he was going to kill them, "strongly corroborate his admissions he was HIV positive."
_Daniel
R Schaffer_
HIV+ Attorney Loses Out on Disability Insurance Claim
An HIV+ Massachusetts attorney, Russell Sampson, has lost his legal battle against his former
employer for damages arising out of the employer's failure to notify Sampson that it had terminated
its long term disability insurance plan. _Sampson v. Rubin_, 2002 WL 31432701 (Oct. 29). Judge
Woodlock of the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts granted the
defendants' summary judgment motion, ruling that Sampson was without a federal remedy, since
ERISA does not allow for the recovery of compensatory damages.
Sampson was hired as an associate attorney by defendant Perlman, Rubin and Stein, P.C. in March
of 1993. The following January, the firm purchased a group short-term and long-term disability
insurance policy for its employees. Defendant Michael Rubin canceled the plan one year later
without telling the firm's employees. Sampson did not know until 1998 that his long term disability
benefits were terminated in 1995.
Sampson was laid off in March of 1995 due to financial cutbacks at the firm. Ultimately, three
months later the firm hired Sampson back on an hourly contract basis, although Sampson was paid
directly by name partner Joel Stein (with a personal check) rather than by the firm. Sampson did not
report the income he earned for his contract work to the I.R.S., and accepted full unemployment
benefits while working for Stein. In November of 1995, Sampson agreed to accept a reduced salary,
and the firm hired him back as a full time associate.
In 1998, Sampson decided to leave work due to his health. When he could not find his copy of the
firm's short and long term disability policies, he contacted the firm's bookkeeper. The bookkeeper
advised Sampson that the long term disability policy had been canceled in 1995. Sampson
confronted Stein, revealing that he was HIV+, and asked if the firm would obtain a new long-term
policy. Stein denied knowing that the long-term policy had been canceled. In September of 1998,
defendant Stein purchased a new short and long term disability insurance policy for firm employees
from a different insurance carrier.
Sampson ultimately left the firm during the first week of November of 1998 due to his health. He
applied for short and long term disability benefits, but was advised in December of 1999 that his
claim for long term benefits had been denied due to Sampson's pre-existing health condition.
Sampson did not appeal the insurance company's determination.
In his lawsuit against the firm, the individual partners of the firm, and a second law firm that had
partners overlapping with the Perlman, Rubin and Stein firm, Sampson alleged that the defendants
breached their duties as fiduciaries under ERISA when they canceled the 1994-1995 long term
disability insurance plan without first notifying the firm's employees. Sampson sought compensatory
damages as well as statutory damages for the failure of the plan administer, Rubin, to provide
Sampson with information about the plan that he repeatedly requested in 1999.
In granting the defendants' motions for summary judgment, Judge Woodlock concluded that based
on the United States Supreme Court's recent rulings in _Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance
Company_, 534 U.S. 204 (2002) and _Mertens v. Hewitt Associates_, 508 U.S. 248 (1996), there
is no remedy under ERISA for compensatory damages.
Woodlock explained that "because Sampson
has and seeks no essentially equitable remedy, his claim against the defendants for breach of
fiduciary duty for failure to timely notify him of the cancellation of the plan must be dismissed."
Even if Sampson had asserted claims for equitable relief under ERISA, the court ruled that he would
not have been entitled to recover because there was no showing of "active bad faith, deliberate
concealment or fraud" on the part of the defendants.
The court interpreted ERISA extraordinarily narrowly (as the Supreme Court appears to have
required in _Great-West_) in denying Sampson's claim for statutory damages. Although the court
ruled that Sampson was entitled to receive notice of the disability plan's termination in 1995, and that
Rubin breached his duty as plan administrator by failing to provide Sampson with this notice,
Sampson could not recover monetary damages from Rubin because ERISA does not explicitly
provide for monetary damages under these circumstances. (ERISA only allows a plan participant to
recover statutory monetary damages if a plan administrator fails to provide information specifically
requested by a plan participant.) The court went on to note that Sampson could not even recover
damages for Rubin's refusal to honor Sampson's 1999 requests for plan information, since Sampson
was no longer a plan participant at the time of his request.
The practical significance of the court's ruling, both for Sampson and others like him, is distressing
because it insulates employers and plan administrators from suit where their own inaction leads
employees to make uninformed, and ultimately very costly, choices. Perhaps the lesson learned is
that employees should do their best to request information about their benefits before making
decisions that could affect their employment status. Given the Supreme Court's recent rulings
narrowing the scope of ERISA and federal anti-discrimination statutes, litigation appears to be less
of a viable option for aggrieved employees. _Ian Chesir-Teran_
No AIDS Panic Claim in Pennsylvania
In a November memorandum decision, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania dismissed Leah Wilder's claim against Covenant House, Inc., for damages based on
alleged negligence and emotional injury after being misdiagnosed with HIV. _Wilder v. U.S.A.,
Covenant House, Inc., Covenant House Health Services, Inc. & Dr. Trinka Luzinski_, 2002 WL
31492264.
The court granted defendants's motion for summary judgment as a matter of law based
on that fact that plaintiff's claims were time-barred by Pennsylvania's two-year statute of limitations
and because Pennsylvania does not recognize a cause of action for "fear of AIDS."
On or about November 10, 1990, Wilder consulted with Defendant Dr. Trinka Luzinski at Covenant
House Health Services for a gynecologic exam and was referred for an HIV test. Plaintiff was then
informed on November 19th by Dr. Luzinski and/or staff members of Covenant House that she had
tested positive for HIV. In reliance on that diagnosis, she subsequently terminated four pregnancies
between April 1992 and December 1997, fearful of giving birth to an HIV-infected baby.
Plaintiff
did not undergo a second HIV test until her fifth pregnancy in March 1998 at Pennsylvania Hospital,
when she discovered that contrary to defendant's earlier diagnosis she was HIV negative and did not
have AIDS. On December 10, 1999 Plaintiff filed suit alleging that she suffered "considerable
anguish, humiliation, limitation and restriction of [her] usual activities, pursuits, lost earnings and
earning capacity [and] a chronic neurological and physical impairment to her body."
Wilder sought
damages based on defendant's alleged negligence and negligent and intentional infliction of
emotional distress.
In order to bring a claim to recover damages for injuries in Pennsylvania under a theory of
negligence, according to the opinion by Judge J. Curtis Joyner, Plaintiff had to commence suit within
two years of the negligent act.
The court points out that the "limitations period begins to run as soon
as the right to institute and maintain a suit arises; lack of knowledge, mistake or misunderstanding
do not toll the running of the statute."
However, the court points out "an exception known as the
discovery rule arise[s] from the inability of the injured, despite due diligence, to know of the injury
or it cause.<!70>
But if the injury is reasonably ascertainable, the discovery rule will not apply.
Defendants argue that plaintiff should have known through additional inquiry that she was not
infected.
She was advised as early as March 1991 that her blood counts were inconsistent with an
HIV+ status and was told she should consult an infectious disease specialist.
Yet the court found
that defendant continued to counsel and treat plaintiff as if she was HIV+.
It wasn't until March
1998 that defendant learned that she did not have HIV. Based on this evidence, the court believed
that the issue of whether the statute of limitations began to toll was still open and denied defendants'
motion for summary judgment on this issue.
The court granted summary judgment on defendants's second issue as a matter of law, find that
since Pennsylvania law does not recognize a cause of action and allow recovery for fear of
contracting AIDS in the absence of actual exposure to the disease.
The Supreme Court stated that
this is a case of first impression regarding recovery for fear of contracting AIDS.
However, the court
has held in that past that the burden rests on the plaintiff to show some actual exposure to a disease
in order to present a cause of action.
Here, they found that plaintiff has presented none whatsoever.
Plaintiff still alleged the issues of negligence in rendering medical care and negligent and intentional
infliction of emotional distress.
The court denied all these allegations, stating that defendants's
actions were not extreme and outrageous and did not go beyond all possible bounds of decency.
Sympathetically, the court stated that it was "unfortunate that the plaintiff was advised that she was
HIV-positive when she was not [but] there is nothing in the record to suggest that the defendants
intentionally deceived her or that they relayed this information to her in an atrocious or offensive
manner."
The court did point out that defendants repeatedly urged Plaintiff to seek another opinion
but plaintiff refused.
The court stated that in order to bring a negligence claim plaintiff must establish that defendant owed
her a duty of care, that he breach that duty, which resulted in injury and that plaintiff suffered actual
loss or damage.
The plaintiff must demonstrate that the breach was both the proximate and actual
cause of the injury.
The question of proximate cause must be determined by a judge; and
defendant's acts must have been a substantial factor in bringing about harm to the plaintiff. While
the court held that the defendants owed her a duty of care, the plaintiff was unable to show any
medical evidence to support her injury. Since plaintiff learned of her HIV status approximately two
years prior to her first pregnancy, the court stated that "it is clear that her damages were caused by
other factors other than defendants' alleged malpractice and were clearly not contemporaneous with
the defendants' conduct."
Since plaintiff produced no medical or psychiatric evidence necessary to
support her claim, by law she is unable to submit her claim to a jury for determination regarding any
emotional distress injury.
The court therefore held that in absence of substantial support for
plaintiff's claim, defendant's motion for summary judgment in its entirety is warranted.
_Audrey
E. Weinberger_
Corrections Officers Held Immune to HIV Disclosure Liability
Inmate Reginald Petty brought a pro se action against officials of New York State's Department of
Correctional Services, alleging that their disclosure of Petty's HIV+ condition violated his rights to
privacy and freedom from cruel and unusual punishment under constitutional and state law.
U.S.
District Judge Michael Mukasey's November 4 summary dismissal of Petty's complaint contains a
detailed, and discouraging, analysis of the qualified immunity of government officials to liability for
such acts. _Petty v. Goord_, 2002 WL 31458240 (S.D.N.Y.).
On September 11, 1996, a nurse at Green Haven Correctional Facility interviewed Petty about his
HIV status and medications in front of security staff. The next day, Petty passed out on the floor of
his cell with pain and a nose bleed, then heard the nurse tell a guard that his illness was due to HIV.
While Petty was being handcuffed to a stretcher for transport to an outside hospital, another nurse
told the transportation officers and EMTs that Petty was HIV+ and would not be trouble. On
September 18, a specialist at Green Haven questioned Petty about his HIV status in the presence of
Corrections Officer Amora and Sergeant Wilk. While escorting Petty back to his cell Amora and
Wilk questioned Petty about his HIV status, then made degrading jokes about his condition with
other officers.
Petty filed an administrative grievance the next day, complaining of verbal harassment and citing the
Patient & Physician Confidentiality and Privacy Act under N.Y. Public Health Law. On September
20, Petty wrote to Green Haven's medical director and to the state Commissioner of Correctional
Services, explaining that the harassment caused him to become depressed and suicidal. In October,
three officers rushed into Petty's cell, knocked him to floor, and handcuffed him while a fourth stated
that Petty had AIDS and therefore care should be taken to avoid cutting him with the cuffs. Petty,
the subject of a pending disciplinary action, was confined to a Special Housing Unit, where the
ongoing harassment drove him to several suicide attempts and eventual transfer to a psychiatric
hospital. The harassment by corrections officers resumed on Petty's return from the hospital in
December, resulting in a second hospitalization, and ultimately, transfer to a different prison facility.
Judge Mukasey first dismissed Petty's constitutional claims for failure to exhaust all available
administrative remedies per 42 U.S.C. 1997e(a). The judge may have signaled sympathy for Petty's
assertions that he did not file an appeal because he received no response to his grievance of
September 19, by citing _John v. N.Y.C. Dep't of Corrs._, a 2002 S.D.N.Y. case finding that
plaintiff's grievance exhausted administrative remedies because "there was no adverse decision to
appeal."
However, the judge found _McNair v. Jones_, a 2002 S.D.N.Y. decision with an opposite
result, dispositive. N.Y. Comp.Codes R. & Regs., tit. 7, sec. 701.7 provides that an inmate may make
an administrative appeal if their initial grievance gets no response in seven days. Judge Mukasey read
McNair to require that such an appeal be made.
The court also applied the doctrine of qualified immunity, that shields government employees "from
liability for damages . . . insofar as their conduct does not violate clearly established" rights. The
main issue for analysis is whether an inmate's right to the confidentiality of HIV status was "clearly
established" by September, 1996. _Powell v. Schriver_ (2d Cir. 1999) establishes that the
constitutional privacy right applies to inmates, but wasn't "clearly established<!70> as of 1994. Even
if an inmate's right to privacy was established by 1996 (as several district courts had held), Judge
Mukasey notes that the right protects inmates from disclosure to their peers, but not to prison staff.
Petty's Eighth Amendment claim, that defendants' actions constituted deliberate indifference to a
substantial risk of harm by other inmates, was rejected on his failure to allege any threats of physical
violence. Additional and alternative bases were found to insulate corrections officers in their
individual and official capacities, and bar compensatory damages. Further, the post-September 19
harassment suffered by Petty, not reached here, is time-barred (14 days) from administrative scrutiny
by N.Y. Comp.Codes R. & Regs., tit. 7. _Mark Major_
AIDS Litigation Notes
_Federal - California_ - Ruling on First Amendment claims by AIDS doctors seeking to be free of
a federal threat against them regarding recommendation of marijuana use to their patients, the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit opined in _Conant v. Walters_, 309 F.3d 629 (Oct. 29, 2002),
that the doctors had stated a valid First Amendment claim, affirming the issuance of an injunction
against the government by District Judge William H. Alsup.
Some persons with AIDS have found
relief from the side effects of HIV infection and medications used to combat HIV by smoking
marijuana, which is also said to be of assistance in maintaining appetite (and thus healthy levels of
food consumption) among individuals who otherwise could be subject to the wasting syndrome
typical of endstage AIDS.
_Maryland_ -- Anthony Young, who is HIV+, has been sentenced to 30 years in prison by Prince
George's County Circuit Court Judge Maureen M. Lamasney, upon his conviction of sexually
assaulting two teenagers, a boy and a girl. The boy has seroconverted, but the girl has not.
Young
had a record of prior convictions and plea bargains on charges of sex with teenagers.
He continues
to maintain his innocence of the charges. _Washington Post_, Nov. 2.
_South Carolina_ - How's this for an expensive clerical error?
In 1994, a woman who was eight
months pregnant went to Palmetto Health Richland in Columbia, South Carolina, for a blood test.
She tested negative for HIV, but due to a clerical error a positive test result was entered in her
records, and she was told she was HIV+.
She immediately undertook a regimen of powerful AIDS
drugs to prevent her child from being infected, and continued treatment for several years until a
doctor at an HIV Clinic noticed that she had put on weight and suggested that she be tested again.
The new test was, of course, negative, and she filed suit against the hospital - a scenario that has
generated successful motions to dismiss in many other jurisdictions. But her case was allowed to go
to the jury, which awarded her $1.1 million, according to a Nov. 22 report in the _National Law
Journal_.
The hospital has filed a motion seeking to have the damage award reduced to $250,000
under the state's Tort Claims Act, a so-called "tort reform" measure that limits damages against
public entities.
Although the hospital is now privately-owned, it was a state-operated institution in
1994 when the negligence occurred. _Jane Doe v. Palmetto Health Alliance_, No. 00CP 40-0371
(Richland Co., S.C., Ct. Comm. Pl.). A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
MOVEMENT JOB ANNOUNCEMENTS
Lambda Legal seeks a Staff Attorney for its Southern Regional Office in Atlanta.
Three or more
years litigation experience; high level of independence/initiative; excellent writing/speaking skills
required, as well as ability to talk about legal and other complex issues in clear, persuasive terms for
non-lawyer audiences.
Salary depending on experience; full benefits.
People of color and people
with disabilities are especially encouraged to apply.
Letter, resume, and writing sample to: Ruth E.
Harlow, Lambda Legal, 120 Wall Street, Suite 1500, NY, NY 10005.
Check www.lambdalegal.org
for details.
Equal Opportunity Employer.
CONFERENCE ANNOUNCEMENT
Here's a long advance hold-the-date announcement.
On September 18-20, 2003, the Hofstra
Cultural Center and Hofstra University Law School will hold a conference descrbied as "a
retrospective on the justifications and efficacy of U.S. military policy on service by lesbian, gay and
bisexual Americans, and the impact of this policy on service members, universities, and the Reserve
Officer Training Corps.
The Conference Director is Prof. Eric Lane of Hofstra Law School, and
people interested in participating should certainly contact him at the law school (516-463-1210;
LAWEZL@Hofstra.edu).
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bakken, Tim, _The Effects of Hate Crime Legislation: Unproven Benefits and Unintended
Consequences_, 5 Int'l J. Discrim. & L. 231 (2002).
Ost, Suzanne, _Children at Risk: Legal and Societal Perceptions of the Potential Threat that the
Possession of Child Pornography Poses to Society_, 29 J. L. & Society (UK) 436 (Sept. 2002).
_Student Articles:_
Wrightson, Rachel M., _Gray Cloud Obscures the Rainbow: Why Homosexuality as Defamation
Contradicts New Jersey Public Policy to Combat Homophobia and Promote Equal Protection_, 10
J. L. & Pol'y 635 (2002).
_Specially Noted:_
_Constitutional Law: Equal Protection of the Laws_, a new paperback hornbook by Prof. Louis
Michael Seidman (Foundation Press, 2002), includes a thoughtful analysis of _Romer v. Evans_on
pages 220-228. * * * The Third Annual Review of Gender and Sexuality Law has been published
in 3 Georgetown J. Gender & L. NO. 2 (Spring 2002).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
This issue of _Law Notes_ had a special early deadline due to the coincidence of Dec. 1 occuring
during Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
Legal developments occurring during the last week of
November will be covered in the January 2003 issue of _Law Notes_. * * * In our report on _Fulk
v. Fulk_, 2002 WL 31248616 (Miss. Ct. App. Oct. 8, 2002), in the November 2002 issue of _Law
Notes_, we should have made clear that the descriptions of the parents in that contested
custody/visitation case were taken from the court's opinion (even though not always placed in
quotation marks) and were not the opinions of the writer or of _Law Notes_. Of course we do not
have an independent basis for evaluating the qualifications of parents contesting custody. * * *
All
points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those of identified writers, and are not
official positions of the Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL
Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is welcome and will be
published subject to editing.
Please address correspondence to the Editor or send via e-mail.
^Z