http://www.wdfi.org/disclaimer/privacy_policy.htm
Se habla español
State of Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions
Strengthening Wisconsin's Financial Future
Search our site
Home
Corporations
UCC
Securities
Banking
Credit
Unions
Financial
Literacy
Consumer
Affairs
Apostilles,Notary Public&  Trademarks
CharitableOrganizations
Forms and Fees
Create an LLC or Corporation
File an LLC or Corp Annual Report
Charitable Organizations & Fund Raising
Search Corporate Records
Request a Certificate of Status
Frequently Asked Questions
Professional Employer Organizations & Groups
Order Corp/LLC Copywork
Pay Filings Online
Other Useful Links
File Online
Forms
Data Services
Search Lien Filings
List of Filing Offices
Frequently Asked Questions
Fee Chart
Statutes & Rules
Broker-Dealers
Investment Adviser
Securities Agent
Franchising
Complaints and Enforcement
Forms and Applications
Registration and Exemption
Federal Adviser Branch Office Filing
Crowdfunding
Weekly Securities Filings
Administrative Orders Issued
What's New
Banking & Savings Institutions
Find WI Banks
Mortgage Banking
Licensed Financial Services
Applications and Forms
Find a Credit Union
Financial Data
Credit Union Letters
Statutes & Rules
Fee Chart
Frequently Asked Questions
File a Complaint
ABLE Accounts
College Affordability
College Savings Program
Financial Literacy in Education
Financial Wellness Checklist
Governor's Council on Financial Literacy
Governor's Task Force on Student Debt
Business Guidance on WI Consumer Act
Fees
Consumer Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Forms
Statutes & Rules
Brochures
Notary Public Information
Notary Forms
Notary FAQs
Search Registered Notaries Public
Notary - Pay online and Begin Printable application
Notary Tutorial/Exam
Notary/Trademark Fee Chart
Apostilles
Trademark Information & Forms
Trademark FAQs
Search Registered Trademark
Fees
Search Registrants
Forms
User Login
Charitable Orgs FAQs
Fund-Raising FAQs
Renewal FAQs
You are here:
Privacy Policy
The Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions ("DFI")
has created this privacy policy to demonstrate its commitment to the privacy of its users. The policy discloses information gathering and dissemination practices for DFI's official Internet site.
Credit Card Security
Some applications on the DFI site take credit cards as payment. We ensure your security and privacy in two ways:
We use an industry standard TLS strong encrypted connection.
We do not store credit card numbers in our databases.
What is TLS?
Transport Layer Security encryption makes it impossible for anyone to read your information in transit. For an additional layer of security, we do not store credit card numbers or expiration dates in our database. The only information we maintain is the credit card order number given to us by US Bank, our credit card processing service company.
How do I know it is Secure?
You will know you're in the "secure" area of our site when you see the "http" portion of the web site address in your browser change to "https." The "s" stands for "secure."
Use of IP Addresses
DFI may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with its servers, to administer various features of its site and to gather broad demographic information. Information gathered through IP addresses is not sold or provided to vendors, direct mail concerns, third party e-mail list services, etc.
Use of "Cookies"
DFI may use "cookies" to assist you in accessing information at DFI's Web site. Information gathered through the use of "cookies" is not sold or provided to vendors, direct mail concerns, third party e-mail list services, etc. DFI cannot control the use of "cookies" for Web sites linked to its official Internet site and is not responsible for the privacy practices (or the content of) such Web sites.
eMail
Users may correspond with DFI through e-mail. The identity of correspondents, and their corresponding e-mail addresses, are not sold or provided to vendors, direct mail concerns, third party e-mail list services, etc.
Registration
Users may register to access some DFI records. To do so, users may have to provide DFI with certain information, and DFI may have to use that information in the accessing of these records. Information provided to access DFI records is not sold or provided to vendors, direct mail concerns, third party e-mail list services, etc.
Data and Communications
Data and communications are not necessarily secure against interception and may not always be encrypted. See DFI's Disclaimer for additional information. If your data or communication is particularly sensitive to you, you may want to consider additional security measures.
State and Federal Law
DFI complies with state and federal law regarding the disclosure of information and the release of records. Users should consult with their attorneys regarding the applications of such laws.
Questions
Questions or concerns regarding DFI's privacy policy should be directed to DFI's
Site Manager. See Contact Us at DFI's Web site for additional means to contact DFI.
About DFI
Organization
Contact Us
DFI Annual Reports
Fees
Forms
FAQ
Open Records
DFI News & Events
Press Releases
Administrative Orders
Weekly Securities Filings
Office Closure Dates
DFI Statutes & Rules
Banks & Savings Institutions
Charitable Organizations & Fund-Raisers
Corporations
Credit Unions
Licensed Financial Services
Mortgage Banking
Notary & Trademarks
Professional Employer Organizations
Securities & Franchising
Uniform Commercial Code
Video-Cable Franchise
Wisconsin Consumer Act
DFI Proposed Rules
DFI Proposed Rules
DFI Open Records
Instructions for Requesting Records
Public Notice
Help
Contact Information
Site Map
DFI Open Records
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Unauthorized Use
Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions
4822 Madison Yards Way, North Tower
Madison, WI 53705