https://www.dturin.com/cms/refund-return-policy
Refund Return Policy
Home
Refund Return Policy
Categories
Face Masks
Fezzes
Shriners
Masonic
Elks USA
Scottish Rite and Consistory
Prince Hall Shriners
Daughters of the Imperial Court
LOSNA
Order of the Eastern Star
Circle of Perfection
GROTTO
Knights of Peter Claver
Daughters of the Nile
International Masons
Daughters of Mokanna
Apparel & Promotional Items
Custom PIns
Refund Return Policy
Privacy PolicyD. Turin & Co., Inc. will never sell, distribute, exchange, transfer, or communicate any information regarding its customers or customer's orders to a third party. Any and all information that is exchanged between customer and company is considered confidential information. Any communication used over our secure shopping system online is protected by an encrypted connection to prevent any of your information from being stolen or seen by a third party. Any communication via fax, email, or telephone is considered strictly confidential information.If you have any privacy concerns or think our website is being abused, please report them to us immediately at customerservice@dturin.com and we will take immediate necessary action to correct any invasion of privacy. Your emails will remain anonymous.Returns and RefundsHere at D. Turin & Co., Inc. we want to be certain that you are completely satisfied with your Product. If you are not satisfied with your Product, you may return it for a refund (certain limitations apply).Please read the following conditions before considering a return:The customer agrees to notify D. Turin & Co., Inc. within 14 days of receipt of your items. Returned Items must be received by D. Turin & Co., Inc. no later than 5 days after the 14 day period ends.Customers may be eligible for an exchange or a credit for a future order in lieu of a refund. It is up to the customer to make the final decision after we have given the customer his or her options.Credit can apply to unopened and undamaged Items returned to D. Turin & Co., Inc..It is the customer’s responsibility to ensure that a good faith effort is used to make sure that the items returned are in good and usable condition when they arrive at D. Turin & Co., Inc. The customer will be responsible for the cost of return shipping unless and only if the items were defective of quality or did not arrive as promised by D. Turin & Co., Inc. D. Turin & Co., Inc. will cover the cost of return service. The customer will be responsible for the difference in cost for an expedited service if it is necessary to expedite a replacement. There will be no freight collect returns allowed. Customer must return item(s) with freight pre-paid.Any shipment received damaged must be noted with carrier at the time of delivery or notify D. Turin & Co., Inc. within 24 hours of delivery.Please note:  Returns and refunds apply only to orders which are stock items. All custom orders will be considered final and not returnable. Any issues with the quality of these products will have to be evaluated before a return can be considered acceptable. All returns must have a Return Authorization Number (RA#) written on each box and pre-approved by D. Turin & Co., Inc. prior to return.All returns must be sent with approved RA# to:D. Turin & Co., Inc.Attn: Returns8045 W 26th CourtHialeah, FL 33016Please call 1-800-982-2004 with any questions, or to request an RA number.As your number one fraternal Supplier, D. Turin & Co., Inc. is here to provide you with not only high quality products at a great price, but high quality customer service at all times! If there is anything we can do to improve our relationship with you please let us know.Ordering Information*** All prices subject to change ***DELIVERY: All requests to meet special dates will be attempted but not guaranteed. Jewelry and accessory items are usually shipped within 48 hours. Minimum lead time on fezzes is generally 4 to 6 weeks. All fezzes required in less than 4 weeks, when possible, are subject to a $75.00 rush fee. Overnight or 2 nd day air charges by FedEx or UPS, when required by customer, are additional. Deluxe hand embroidered bullion or bullion & jewel fezzes require 10 to 12 weeks and can not be rushed.PAYMENT: Established accounts will be billed. Pre-payment is required on all other orders. The following methods are accepted: Money Order, Master Card, Visa, Discover, American Express or Personal Check. Allow three days for checks to clear. Any returned check will be subject to a $45.00 fee. Credit card orders over $300.00 require additional authorization.FEZZES: Fez pricing is determined by Shrine Center or Temple name and the amount of rhinestones in the design. Please call or e-mail for your exact price.Secure ShoppingYou can shop at www.dturin.com online with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and secure credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers. The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the credit card and electronic check processing networks (see an online payments diagram).The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy [link to http://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/ ].www.dturin.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.