http://www.bcklaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
| Privacy Policy
Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP is committed to privacy and confidentiality. This Privacy Policy describes information the Firm receives from inquiries received through the Firm’s website. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP at share@camlawllp.com.
Information About You When you contact Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP through this website, we ask you to provide information about your legal needs. In addition, we request that you provide such as your name, telephone, email address, and other additional information. The information provided will be reviewed by Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP for purposes of responding to your inquiry. Any of the following personal information that may be made available to the lawyer or firm when browsing or navigating the site shall be kept confidential:
First and last name
Company, home, postal, or other physical address
Other contact information, for example, telephone number, fax number, email address, and other similar information
Title or position in a company or an organization
Occupation
Industry
Personal interests
Any other information provided by you in order for us to evaluate whether we are able to assist you
Examples of scenarios where our visitors provide their personal information include, but may not be limited to:
Emailing, calling, or communicating with the lawyer or law firm.
Posting a question or comment through the site.
Requesting literature, ebooks, and tools.
Registering to attend a seminar or any event.
Participating in an online survey.
Requesting inclusion in an email or other mailing list.
Submitting an entry for a contest or other promotions.
Any other business-related reason.
The lawyer or law firm provides you the opportunity to agree or decline to give your personal information via the Internet. The lawyer or firm will inform you of the purpose for the collection and does not intend to transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent.
It is our policy to respect the privacy of its clients. YOU ARE NOT A CLIENT AND AN ATTORNEY CLIENT RELATIONSHIP DOES NOT EXIST JUST BY SUBMITTING AN INQUIRY UNTIL YOU ARE ENGAGED AND SIGN A FORMAL SERVICE AGREEMENT. Except as described above, under no circumstances will Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP disclose information provided by you to any individual, advertiser, vendor, or any other entity without your written consent.
If you send correspondence, such as emails or letters, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We may use the information in the file we maintain and other information we obtain from your current and past use of the website to assess problems or complaints.
Future Correspondence from the Law Firm If you would like to opt out of receiving future correspondence from the law firm, email share@camlawllp.com with the word “Unsubscribe” in the subject line of your email.
Security We take precautions internally to protect your information. While we make every effort to keep your data as secure as possible, when you submit information via the website, your information is sent through the Internet by unencrypted email, so the transmission of sensitive, confidential information through this website should be avoided.
IP Addresses & Domain Information Collection Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP may on occasion log IP addresses for systems administration purposes. The lawyer or firm may collect domain information to enable us to analyze how our visitors use this site. This data enables us to become more familiar with which people visit our site, how often they visit, and what parts of the site they visit most often. The lawyer or firm uses this information to improve its Web-based content. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
Use of Cookies and Tracking User Traffic This site may uses “cookies”—small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID to track the pages visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us. Some parts of the site may also use cookies to track user traffic patterns. The lawyer or firm does this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. Please note that cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive. Your Web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our Web site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain information on this site.
Delete Policy Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP does not offer users a means by which to delete personal information provided to Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP.
Links to Other Sites This site may contain links to other websites. Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it links.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Crowe Arnold & Majors, LLP
reserves the right to change, modify or update this policy at any time without notice. Any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information will be posted on this site.
-D.H., Kaufman
“I was badly burned in a propane explosion at my parents’ home up in Oklahoma.  The lawyers at CAM took the explosion case after another lawyer had rejected it and obtained a significant settlement for me.  They did a fine job.”
-C.C., Dallas
“After I was hit, the team explained the whole process and did a great job for me”
-S.B., Dallas
“When my father was killed, they walked us through the process step by step and treated us great”
-J.K., Fort Worth
“When my daughter was hurt, they treated me like family and got a great result”
-J.W., Oklahoma City
“When I was hit from behind, they took my case to trial and the jury awarded $500,000”
-B.S., Ada
“They took my sister’s case to trial and recovered $3 million for our family”