http://www.wvc-ut.gov/privacy
Privacy Policy | West Valley City, UT - Official Site
Skip to Main Content
Search
GovernmentServicesOur CommunityBusinessHow Do I…
Feature LinksPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyTypes of Information We Collect: The information we gather is either information (for example, your name and address) that you voluntarily supply when you register or initiate transactions, or information gathered on usage patterns and preferences as visitors navigate the web site, use our services such as e-mail, or read our e-mail newsletters. Cookies: To help make our web site more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we use a standard feature of browser software, called a “cookie”, to assign each visitor an unique, random number that resides on your computer. The cookie does not identify the visitor, just the computer that a visitor uses to access our site. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself, we won't know who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer as the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie cannot read unrelated data off your computer. We use cookies to help us deliver a better, more personalized service. For example, we use cookies to track the pages and services on our web site visited by our users. We can build a better web site if we know which pages and features our users are visiting and how often. Browser Level Information & IP Addresses: Our web server automatically collects limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our web site, including the type of browser you use, the operating system you are running, the resolution of your computer monitor, the web site that referred you, and your IP address. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data such as the web pages you want to view can be transmitted to you. We use IP address information for systems administration and trouble-shooting purposes. Other Disclosures: We may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our sites, the public, our customers, or our government and its employees, agents, partners and affiliates. Please keep in mind that our communities are public spaces, so don't post anything that you don't want the world to see. Credit card numbers, product keys, and other confidential information, including anything covered under a non-disclosure agreement (NDA), should not be posted to any blogs, discussions, or other public areas. Terms & ConditionsGeneral: The purpose of our interactive modules is to obtain suggestions, ideas, and feedback to benefit our community. Please avoid personal attacks, slurs, and profanity in your interactions. Please make sure that your postings are relevant to the subject at hand. It is normal and expected for some topics to drift from the stated subject. However, to ensure maximum benefit for all of our users, we encourage you to keep your postings as close to the subject as possible. Impersonating a government employee or anther user is not allowed. We do not allow behavior or content related to illegal activities. Do not post or promote any materials that could SPAM, harm, or disrupt another user’s computer. You may not link to any sites that violate the terms and conditions above. We reserve the right to ban any participant at any time that we feel does not comply with an appropriate code of conduct. Disclaimers: The sites are provided on an 'as is' basis without any warranties of any kind, express or implied. This site, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaims all warranties, including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability, title, non-infringement of third parties’ rights, and fitness for particular purpose. This site makes no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the sites. Without limitation on the foregoing: This site does not warrant that the sites will operate error-free or that the sites and their servers are free of computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms. If your use of the sites results directly or indirectly in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, this site is not responsible for those costs.This site makes no representations or guarantees regarding the truthfulness, accuracy, legality, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any documents posted by users, or of any other form of communication engaged in by users. Documents may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. You agree that any reliance on documents posted by users, or on any other form of communication with users, will be at your own risk.This site makes no representations or guarantees regarding the content of the sites, including, but not limited to, broken links, inaccuracies or typographical errors.This site makes no representations or guarantees regarding the effectiveness of the services or timeliness of the services in meeting your employment objectives. This site does not guarantee that the services will result in candidates being hired, positions being filled or employees being retained, and is not responsible or liable for any business, employment, hiring and/or salary decisions, for whatever reason made, made by you.User Authentication: Because user authentication on the Internet is difficult, this site cannot and does not confirm that each User is who they claim to be. Because this site does not and cannot be involved in User-to-User dealings or control the behavior of participants on the Sites, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more Users, you release this site from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential and direct and indirect) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
Public Notices
Meeting Agendas & Minutes
Code and Ordinances
Departments
Administration
City Attorney's Office
Community & Economic Development
Building Inspections
Economic Development
Planning & Zoning
Community Preservation
Animal Services
Code Enforcement
Grants
Housing
Cultural Celebration Center
Department Year-End Reports
Finance
Fire Department
Human Resources
Justice Court
Parks & Recreation
Police Department
Public Relations
Public Works
City Facilities
City Budget
WVC Utility Billing
How do I...?
Apply for a Job
Browse Events Calendar
Contact a City Department
File a Claim Against West Valley City
Pay My Bill
Read City Council Agendas & Minutes
Read Municipal Code
Receive E-mail Notifications
Request a Record
Run for Office
Submit a Service Request
Report Code Violations
Report Graffiti
Jobs
Contact UsSend Your Questions
Service RequestSubmit a Request for Service
Bill PayPay Your Utility, Citation or Fees
Stay NotifiedGet Connected With The City
Contact Us
City Hall
3600 S Constitution Boulevard
West Valley City, UT 84119
Phone: 801-966-3600
Quick Links
City Election Information
Permit Requirements
Maps
Animal Services
City Code
/QuickLinks.aspx
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright / Privacy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by CivicPlus®
Employee Intranet
Arrow Left
Arrow Right
[]
Slideshow Left Arrow
Slideshow Right Arrow