https://www.opwest.org/donate/donor-resources/privacy-our-promise-to-donors/
Donate
MENU
About Us
Our Founder
Our Order
The Order of Preachers
Approval of the Order
The Dominican Family
Saints & Feasts
Our Province
Province History
Provincial’s Message
Province Leadership
Directory of Friars
Praesidium Accredited
Our Way of Life
What Is a Dominican Friar?
Prayer
Study
Common Life
Ministry – Preaching
We are preachers
We have been called to proclaim the Gospel to every corner of the world, so that every soul may come to know and love Jesus Christ.
Who are the Dominicans? Find a Friar Meet the Brothers in Formation Employment Opportunities
How We Serve
Ministries by State
Specialized Ministries
Angelic Warfare Confraternity
Dominican Mission Foundation
Dominican School (DSPT)
Holy Name Society
Preaching Office
Rosary Confraternity and Center
Shrine of St. Jude Thaddeus
St. Albert’s Priory
St. Benedict Lodge
St. Dominic Cemetery
St. Therese Center
A Preacher’s Contributions
The Dominican friars engage in a number of various academic, pastoral, and missionary apostolates around the world.
Find Your Local Community Explore the Blog Request a Preacher
Support Us
Ways to Give
Give Online Now
Give Monthly (1216 Society)
Give by Mail / Phone
Give Stock & Other Assets
Planned Giving
Other Ways to Give
Donor Recognition
1216 Society
Associates of St. Dominic
St. Dominic Legacy Society
Create Your Own Endowment
Tax and Donor Resources
Other Ways to Help
Help Us Lead Souls to Christ
With your help today, we can continue to devote our lives to preaching the Gospel of Christ for the salvation of souls.
Give to the Rosary Sunday: Dominican Student Appeal
Join the 1216 Society ! (Monthly Giving)
Ways to Give
Vocations
Religious Consecration
Discernment
How to Discern
Clerical Brothers
Cooperator Brothers
“Come and See” Weekend
Frequently Asked Questions
Application and Formation
Meet the Brothers in Formation
Prayers for Vocations
Contact the Vocations Office
Become a Dominican
Since the Order’s foundation in 1216, thousands of men have responded to the Lord’s call by serving Him as Dominican friars. Pray for us, and those who will join us to proclaim the Gospel of Jesus Christ for the salvation of souls.
The Order of Preachers Our Way of Life Frequently Asked Questions
Multimedia
Blog
Photo Gallery
Video Gallery
Homilies & Reflections
Publications of the Friars
Mission West Newsletter
Preaching In the Digital Age
Explore Our Collection of Video, Audio, Photo and Print Materials
Find a Homily/Reflection The Latest Newsletter Province Blog
Safeguarding Children
Policy and Standards
Accreditation
How to Report Sexual Misconduct or Abuse
Victim Assistance
Friar Status
Safeguarding Children
The Province’s Commitment to Heal and Protect
Provincial’s Statement
Safeguarding Children
Donate
HomeSupport UsDonor ResourcesPrivacy & Our Promise to Donors
Privacy and Our Promise to Donors
Privacy & Promise to Donors
The Province of the Most Holy Name of Jesus is a 501(c)3 charity organization and respects your privacy.
Privacy
Our policy is simple: we do not sell or share your information with third parties. Ever.
Communications
We like sending you and our friends around the country relevant and meaningful information. We also wish to be good stewards of our resources, and respectful of your time and interests. That’s why we don’t want to send you anything you don’t want to receive.
If you’d like to be removed from any of our communications – print or electronic – just let us know and we’ll remove you immediately.
You can email us at info[at]opwest.org or call (510) 658-8722 to make your request. And if you change your mind, just let us know!
Discrepancies
We strive for 100% accuracy in all our reports and communications. But, we’re also human, and sometimes things slip by us.
If you ever notice a discrepancy – a number is wrong, a name is misspelled, an address is incorrect – please let us know at info[at]opwest.org or call (510) 658-8722. We’ll thank you!
It’s important to us to accurately recognize the incredible contributions of the thousands of wonderful people who make our mission possible. Letting us know of any discrepancies is truly appreciated.
Keiko | Brooklyn, NY
Latest Video
View Video Gallery
OPWest Mobile App Now Available
Recent News
View more News Stories
How to Be a Neighbor
Br. Elias Guadalupe explains why Christ calls us to be a much more radical kind of neighbor.
Wednesday, December 9, 2020
read more
The Jesus Prayer
Br. Benedict Mary shares a favorite prayer that may be used as a means of lifting one’s mind up to God.
Wednesday, December 2, 2020
read more
© 2020 Dominican Friars, Province of the Most Holy Name of Jesus. All Rights Reserved.
Contact
Privacy Policy
Praesidium Accredited