http://www.nycacc.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 23, 2019
This Privacy Policy describes how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Animal Care Centers of NYC ( “ACC,” “we,” “us” or “our”) when you access or use the websites or mobile applications provided by us (collectively, the “Sites”) or otherwise interact with us. By using our Sites, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the below Terms of Use.
ACC reserves the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and in our sole discretion. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice of such changes, such as by sending an email notification, providing notice through the Sites, or updating the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you use or access the Sites or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information:
Information You Provide to Us: We may collect and maintain certain personal information about you when you send us an e-mail or complete any of our online forms, such as when you request information from us, make a donation, subscribe to one of our online newsletters, request to become a member, sign up for mobile texts, or forward a web page or electronic newsletter. We may also collect information from you in-person at one of our locations or at an event. Such information may include your name, mailing address, and e-mail address; it may also include a phone number, the e-mail addresses of those to whom you forward ACC electronic content, and any other information collected in a form. You may be asked to provide payment information to contribute to ACC. We will use your personal information, including payment information, to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, but we do not store credit card information.
Third Parties: We may collect information about you from third party services. For example, we may receive information about you when you interact with our Site through various social media networks, for example, by logging in through or liking us on Facebook or following us on Twitter. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the applicable social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Sites.
When you access or use the Sites, the types of information we may automatically collect about you include:
(a) Log Information: When you visit the Sites, our servers automatically record certain log file information, such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, operating system, browser type and language, referring URLs, access times, pages viewed, links clicked and other information about your activities on the Sites.
(b) Mobile Device Information: We collect information about the mobile device you use to access or use the Sites, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and information about your use of our mobile applications. With your consent, we may also collect information about the location of your device and access and collect information from certain native applications on your device (such as your device’s camera, photo album and phonebook applications) to facilitate your use of certain features of the Sites. For more information about how you can control the collection of location information and/or our access to other applications on your device, please see “Your Choices” below.
(c) Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various tracking technologies, including cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you when you interact with our Sites, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve the Sites and your experience, see which areas and features of the Sites are popular, and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in the Sites or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:.
a) Provide, maintain and improve the Sites;
b) Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
c) Communicate with you about the Sites, offers, surveys, events and other news and information;
d) Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the Sites;
e) Analyze the use of and improve our services;
f) Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of ACC and others;
g) Personalize and improve the Sites and provide advertisements, content and features that match your profile or interests;
h) Facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards;
i) Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with a better experience;
j) Comply with laws, rules and our polices; and
k) Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
ACC is based in the United States, and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Sites or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
(a) when you participate in the interactive areas of the Sites or interact with us on third party social media sites, certain information that you provide may be displayed publicly, such as your name, photos and other information you choose to provide;
(b) sharing the information is a necessary operation of the Sites (i.e. to process credit card information);
(c) in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, rule, regulation or legal process;
(d) with select partners, affiliates, and other third parties that we believe may have offers or promotions that will be of interest to you;
(e) if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our Terms of Use or other policies, or to protect the rights, property or safety of ACC or others; and
(f) with your consent or at your direction.
We also may share with third parties aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Sites may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools, such as the Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest buttons (e.g., “Like,” “Tweet” and “Pin It”), which let you share actions you take on the Sites with other media. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Interest-Based Ads We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Sites and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the Sites and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
Customized Ad Campaigns
We may also work with third party social media sites, such as Facebook, to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign, unless you notify us that you prefer not to have information about you used in this way. For more information about how you can opt out of customized campaigns, please see “Your Choices” below.
Links to Other Sites
Our Sites may contain links to other websites and these sites that are not operated by ACC. Linked websites may have their own privacy notices, which you should review if you visit those websites. We are not responsible for the content of any websites not operated with ACC, your use of those websites, or those websites’ privacy practices.
Security
Your information collected through the Sites may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which ACC or its service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which ACC or its affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
ACC takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to or from us over the Internet.
Your Choices
Location Information
With your consent, we may collect information about your actual location when you use our mobile applications. You may stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the settings on your mobile device, but note that some features of our mobile applications may no longer function if you do so.
Native Applications on Mobile Device
Some features of our mobile applications may require access to certain native applications on your mobile device, such as the camera and photo storage applications (e.g., to take and upload photos) and the phonebook application (e.g., to share a link to an adoptable animal). If you decide to use these features, we will ask you for your consent prior to accessing the applications and collecting information. Note that you can revoke your consent at any time by changing the settings on your device.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of the Sites.
Communications
You may opt out of receiving communications from us by following the instructions in those communications or by emailing us at info@nycacc.org. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such emails relating to an adoption or confirmation of a transaction completed on the Sites.
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, you may request this information once per calendar year by writing to us at Animal Care Centers of NYC, Attn: General Counsel, 11 Park Place, Suite 805., New York, NY 10007.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13 on our Sites. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us through our Sites, please contact us at info@nycacc.org, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@nycacc.org.
Terms of Use
Your use the Sites is contingent upon your acceptance of and compliance with the following Terms of Use. By using ACC's Sites, you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to these terms. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, please do not access or use the Sites. ACC makes no warranty of any kind in terms of the appropriateness of information for individual online users.
Copyright, Copying and Trademarking
ACC owns and maintains the Sites for your personal and educational purposes. All materials on the Sites, including artwork, photographs, maps, data, texts, trademarks, service marks and logos are, unless otherwise noted, the exclusive property of ACC and are copyrighted. No portion of the Sites may be copied, downloaded, reproduced, reused, distributed, transmitted or modified for any purpose without the ACC's express written permission. Any unauthorized use may violate copyright laws, trademark laws or other applicable laws. It is expressly prohibited to reprint or electronically reproduce any text, document, graphic or audio or visual material for bulk or commercial use. ACC’s logo is a trademark of ACC.
For special copyright permission, or to request ACC publications and pamphlets, please write to:
Department of Development
11 Park Place, Suite 805
New York, NY 10007
Information Obtained Through ACC's Sites Does Not Constitute Veterinary, Legal or Other Professional Advice
The information contained in the Sites or transmitted to you electronically in response to a message from you is not intended nor implied to constitute veterinary advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always visit or speak to a qualified veterinarian in person prior to starting any new treatment, or with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition of your pet. The Sites do not directly or indirectly practice veterinary medicine or dispense medical advice.
In addition, nothing contained in the Sites or transmitted to you electronically in response to a message from you is intended to be or constitutes legal advice, and users should always seek the advice of an attorney or other professional as appropriate regarding individual questions or concerns of a legal or professional nature.
It is our policy to protect the privacy of the persons transmitting any messages to ACC. However, ACC reserves the right to reproduce and distribute part or all of a message without any compensation to the user, so long as any identifying information is deleted.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Liability
Although ACC makes every effort to ensure the correctness of data, ACC disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions, such as unintended technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, in any materials. You understand that ACC cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for download through the Sites will be free of "infection" or "viruses", "worms", "Trojan horses", or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. Users are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy their particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the Sites for the reconstruction of lost data. Use of the Sites and the Internet generally is at the user's own risk.
Indemnification
By using the Sites, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold the ACC harmless from any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Sites. Your use of the Sites constitutes an agreement between you and ACC. This agreement, which consists of the terms and conditions set forth herein, shall be governed by, construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. You acknowledge and consent to jurisdiction in New York. Any action in connection with, relating to and/or arising from this agreement shall be brought exclusively in New York, New York, in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or ACC. You may terminate this agreement at any time by discontinuing use of the Sites. ACC may also terminate this agreement at any time without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Sites, if in ACC's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use. Possible evidence of use of any of the Sites for illegal purposes may be provided by ACC to law enforcement authorities in the discretion of ACC. This is the entire agreement between the parties related to the use of the Sites.
Linking
These terms and conditions apply only to the Sites. In addition to our own Sites, we provide links to other third party websites that are not under ACC's control. ACC is not responsible for the terms and conditions, privacy practices or the content of any website linked to from the Sites. You acknowledge that when you leave the Sites and access a linked site, you do so at your own risk and that ACC does not endorse any linked website.
User Rules
In order to maintain informative and valuable service that meets the needs of viewers and avoids harm to others, it is necessary to establish and/or for you to follow the following User Rules:
- You agree to use the Sites only for lawful purposes and that you are responsible for your use of and communications at the Sites.
- You agree not to post on or transmit through the Sites any unlawful, infringing, threatening, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, indecent, offensive, hateful or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including any material that encourages criminal conduct or conduct that would give rise to civil liability, infringes others' intellectual property rights or otherwise violates any applicable law.
- You agree not to use this Sites in any manner that interferes with the Sites’ normal operation or with any other user's use and enjoyment of the Sites.
- You agree not to posting or transmitting any content which contains "viruses", "worms", "Trojan horse", or any other contaminating or destructive features.
Geographic Restrictions
ACC is based in the state of New York in the United States. We provide the Sites for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Sites are accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Sites may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Sites from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. Please be aware that any personal information you transfer to us will be transferred to the U.S. and will be subject to U.S. law. By using the Sites, participating in any activities related to the Sites, and/or providing us with information, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to the U.S., and waive any claims that may arise under your own local and national laws.
Modifications
ACC reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time by posting such change here. Your continued use of the Sites after such change is made constitutes acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use as modified..
Registered 501(c)(3). EIN: 13-3788986