https://www.rainbowweddings.com/privacy/
Home
Planning
Planning
Kauai Ceremonies & Vows
Wedding Locations on Kauai
Garden Locations
Kauai Wedding Flower Leis
Packages
Kauai Wedding Packages
Kauai Vow Renewal Packages
A la Carte Wedding Package Options
Same Sex Wedding Packages
Photography
Kauai Wedding Photography
Kauai Wedding Photography Gallery
Kauai Wedding VideoFeaturing digital video cameras and state of the art non-linear digital video editing. Starring you as Romantic Leads in your own Exquisite Video Story, our experienced staff captures the special memories you will cherish forever. http://vimeo.com/25105851
About
About
Kauai Wedding Testimonials
Sitemap
Contact
Blog
SearchPrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.rainbowweddings.com
Contact Information
Rainbow Weddings
Kauai Wedding Planners and Coordination Services
KatRama Brooks
808-822-0944
Contact Us
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Information submitted through the contact forms on our site are sent to our company email, hosted by Gmail. Google adheres to the EU “Privacy Shield” policy and you can find more information about this here.
While we keep these submissions for customer service purposes they are never used for marketing purposes or shared with third parties.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
WordPress specific:
WordPress & Jetpack – See the Automattic Privacy Policy
Google Analytics cookies – These are set for monitoring and tracking visitors behavior on the site.
W3 Total Cache cookies – These are used by W3 Total Cache plugin to monitor referrer and user identification for caching purposes.
Wordfence – See the Wordfence and GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics. Please see the “Cookies” section.
Who we share your data with
We don’t share your data with third-parties in a way as to reveal any of your personal information like email, name, etc. However, some data is transferred and/or stored with third-party services we use, like cloud-based services and payment processors. This is done as a way to provide you with a better overall service and user experience.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Who can see my personal information
If you are not a registered client on our site, there is no personal information we have or can see about you.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Data Protection
How we protect your data
We protect customer data with the following site features:
We are entirely using SSL/HTTPS throughout all our sites. This encrypts our user communications with the servers so personal identifiable information is never captured by third parties without authorization.
Databases are sanitized (actual user personal details are removed) before deploying to development or testing environment.
What data breach procedures we have in place
In case of a data breach, System administrators will immediately go through affected users and will attempt to reset passwords if needed after informing the user.
Rainbow Weddings - Kauai Wedding Planners and Coordination ServicesFeel free to call us at 808-822-0944
Kauai Wedding Professionals Association MemberKauai Chamber of Commerce MemberHAWAII VISITORS AND CONVENTION BUREAU MEMBERWeddingWire Couples’ Choice Award Winner
Would you like to review us at WeddingWire? Rainbow Weddings & Celebrations on Yelp
Copyright © 1999-2018 Rainbow Weddings, Inc. · Privacy Policy · Website Remodeling by Positive Projections