http://www.lawfirmstaff.com/privacy.php
Need Help? Call 800-503-1198.
Influencing and enriching the individual
Home
About Law Firm Staff
Candidate Resource Center
Employer Resource Center
Job Details
Contact Us
LFS Recent Newsletter
Submit Your Resume
Sign in To Your Account
Featured Jobs
PhiladelphiaTax and Benefits Attorney/ The candidate will provide superior customer service to all clients. Provide analysis and guidance to ensure the proper division of assets in divorce, in....
+ read moreChicagoLitigation/Estate Planning Legal Secretary The candidate handles complex and specialized secretarial and clerical support activities related to the specific work and function of th....
+ read more
Privacy Policy
Law Firm Staff is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, and we are firmly devoted to maintaining your trust in us.
We work extremely hard at safeguarding our customers' important information and keeping it secure. Our privacy policy is designed to help you understand our genuine dedication to preserving your privacy.
During the course of your registration with Law Firm Staff, we collect certain information necessary for making placements.
Law Firm Staff will never sell any personal information about any of our customers to any third parties.
We will never sell your e-mail address or any other contact information to any third parties for any purpose.
In order to better serve our candidates, information regarding Law Firm Staff candidates may be viewed by our affiliate companies. Although this works to the great benefit of Law Firm Staff candidates, you may opt out of allowing your information to be viewed by our other companies by e-mailing privacy@lawfirmstaff.com at any time.
Law Firm Staff will absolutely never share any information relating to your employment situation with any other third parties.
We will absolutely never share any information from your resume with any other third parties.
Each employee of Law Firm Staff signs a strict confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement to ensure your privacy.
Opt-out: At any time, you may opt-out of receiving e-mails from Law Firm Staff by e-mailing opt-out@lawfirmstaff.com. Furthermore, you may opt-out of receiving e-mails from our affiliated companies at any time by clicking on the appropriate "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any such e-mail.
Like other websites, we use cookies to enhance your visit to our website.
Cookies will not be used to collect any personal information or to identify individual visitors.
Rather, they may be used to collect information about your browser session, such as time and date, length of session, or pages visited.
We do not collect any personal information via our website unless you actually provide such information.
While we reserve the right to change our privacy policy, the current policy will always be available at www.lawfirmstaff.com. If you have any questions, concerns or comments regarding this statement, please email privacy@lawfirmstaff.com.
+ Privacy Policy
+ Site Map
+ Latest Legal Staff Jobs
© Copyright 2020 Law Firm Staff. All rights reserved.