https://www.taxpayer.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
×
Or, search all our articles with our Advanced Search.
Privacy Policykari.sharp@gmail.com2017-11-14T19:03:33-05:00
OverviewAwardsHistory & AccomplishmentsCareersIn the NewsStaff & BODAnnual ReportsThis privacy policy sets out how Taxpayers for Common Sense uses and protects any information that you give Taxpayers for Common Sense when you use this website. Taxpayers for Common Sense is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Taxpayers for Common Sense may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from the 1st of October, 2012.
What we collect
Our website stores your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address and information you have provided through cookies (a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive). The cookie helps analyze web traffic and allows web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application gathers and remembers information about your preferences based on your use of the site. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to users’ needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
If you choose, you may provide us with the following information:
name and organization
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send emails about new Taxpayers for Common Sense products or other information
which we think you may find interesting using the email address you have provided. You may
remove yourself from our email list at any time.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We do not sell, rent, share or distribute your information in any way.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
ISSUES
Agriculture
Budget & Tax
Energy & Natural Resources
Infrastructure
National Security
OUR WORK
Analysis
Quick Take
Weekly Wastebasket
Deep Dives
Letters to the Hill
Cyberspending Database
Statements
Data & Documents
ABOUT
Overview
History & Accomplishments
Careers
In the News
Staff & Board of Directors
Awards
Annual Reports
Privacy Policy
State Disclosures
IRS Compliance
Terms of Use
CONTACT US
General Inquiries
info@taxpayer.net202-546-8500
Press Team
media@taxpayer.net202-546-8500 (ext.106)
Got a confidential tip?
Sign-up for the Weekly Wastebasket ____________________________Our weekly newsletter highlights wasteful government spending – along with our solutions.
We use cookies to broadly understand analytics only on this website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume you're okay with this.
Ok
Go to Top