http://www.cs.org/donor-policies
Skip to main content
Learn about Cultural Survival's response to Covid-19
About Us
About Cultural Survival
Staff
Board
Internships
Financials
Jobs
Contact Us
Our Programs
Community Media
Indigenous Rights Radio
Advocacy
Bazaars
Our Publications
Cultural Survival Quarterly
Back Issues
Revistas Pasadas en Español
Guidelines
Subscribe
News & Articles
Reports
Annual Reports
Resources
Bazaars
Get Involved
Intern or Volunteer
Donate
Shop CS
Donate Now
Donor Privacy Policy
DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
Cultural Survival, Inc. (CS) respects the privacy of its donors. Our Donor Privacy Policy was adopted to ensure that we honor your wishes.
Personal Information:
Cultural Survival collects and uses personal information such as: name, address, phone number, and email address when it is voluntarily provided to us. You may disclose this information when making a donation to our organization or requesting information such as enewsletters. The information you transmit to us on this site is encrypted and secured. The information you provide is only for the stated purpose for which the information was collected.
In addition, Cultural Survival, Inc. keeps a record of each donor's giving history. This information is kept on file for IRS purposes and is also used by the organization to analyze overall giving patterns in an effort to make accurate budget projections.
Cultural Survival, Inc. will not sell the Personal Information of donors to a third party unless the donor explicitly grants permission to do so.  Cultural Survival, Inc. will not exchange the Personal Information of donors with third parties if a donor opts out of allowing us to do so.  To opt out of exchanges of Personal Information, please send us an email at mjohnson@cs.org.  Further, we do not share, sell, transfer, exchange or disclose your Personal Information with third parties except to further Cultural Survival, Inc’s mission.
You may also send a request to:
Cultural Survival
2067 Massachusetts Avenue
Cambridge, MA 02140
or
Email your request to: info@cs.org
Personal Information provided to Cultural Survival through the use of our website is transmitted using encryption technology.  Additionally, all transactional data Cultural Survival collects from you is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates issued by VeriSign, an established signer of digital certificates.
Privacy Policy
Cultural Survival takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
This policy covers how Cultural Survival, Inc. treats personal information that Cultural Survival collects and receives from individuals. Personal information is your name, address, email address, or phone number, and other information is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
Cultural Survival, Inc. collects personal information when you make a donation or when you voluntarily us the contact form to join our mailing list.
When you register for certain events we may ask for information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, zip code, occupation, title, and organizational affiliation.
Cultural Survival Inc. automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, and the page(s) you request.
Cultural Survival, Inc. uses information provided to fulfill your requests for news and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Cultural Survival does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies or organizations if you opt out of allowing us to do so.  To opt out of exchanges of Personal Information, please send us an email at mjohnson@cs.org.  Further, we do not share, sell, transfer, exchange or disclose your Personal Information with third parties except to further Cultural Survival, Inc.’s mission.
You may also send a request to:
Cultural Survival
2067 Massachusetts Avenue
Cambridge, MA 02140
or
Email your request to: info@cs.org
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us at:
Cultural Survival
2067 Massachusetts Avenue
Cambridge, MA 02140
Effective Date: September 26, 2016