https://www.nala.ie/privacy-statement/
[login-with-ajax]
Free courses
Tutors
Teaching resources
All resources
Student workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Learn with NALA
Help with teaching
Getting started as a tutor
Training events
Research
Integrating literacy
Services
Services
Plain English
Editing & Training Services
Plain English Awards
Plain English Mark
Plain English Tips
Integrating Literacy in Further Education Training
Health literacy
Crystal Clear Mark
Health sector services
Public Health Literacy
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Workplace basic education
Research & policy
Research & policy
Access to public services
Education & training
Family literacy
Policy
Health literacy
Literacy & employment
NALA’s six recommendations
Research Reports
Literacy in Ireland
Student advocacy
Support us
Support us
Make a Donation
Become a Member
Corporate sponsorships
Support our campaign
2020 General Election campaign
NALA privacy statement effective from August 2018
About NALA
NALA stands for the National Adult Literacy Agency. We are a charity and we are a membership organisation. NALA membership is open to all people and organisations interested and involved in adult literacy. We exist to support people with literacy and numeracy difficulties so that they can play their full part in society and have access to the learning opportunities they need to do that. We are committed to making access to literacy and numeracy a human right.
This is our Privacy Statement for our site www.nala.ie. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identified as such unless they have been developed by NALA.
As well as reading this privacy statement, we ask you to read our General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Policy.
Respecting your rights
We respect the rights of users of nala.ie and other sites developed by NALA and we are committed to protecting your privacy in line with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018 at all times. We will not collect any personal data ( information) about you on this site without your permission or otherwise. This is in line with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.
You do not have to provide us with any personal data to use our site. However, where you choose to give us personal data, using online feedback forms or email, we will treat your personal information in line with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.
Technical data we collect
By simply visiting our site, you do not disclose (share), nor do we collect, personal data about you. The information collected about your visit is limited to technical data like:
the Internet address (or IP address) of the device you used to access our site;
whether you reached our site using a search engine or if you clicked a link on another website; and
the type of web browser you used and the type of device you used to access the Internet.
How we use technical information
We use technical data for administrative and statistical purposes as well as to help us improve our site. This technical data does not provide us with the personal data of visitors to our site.
Cookies
Cookies are simple ’text files’ and they typically contain two pieces of information: a site name and unique user ID. Most websites use cookies to improve the visitor experience by enabling that website to ‘remember’ you, either for:
the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’), or
for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’).
Cookies may be set by the website you are visiting (‘first party cookies’) or they may be set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing (‘third party cookies’). This site uses cookies and, by continuing to use this site we assume you agree to their use.
Giving us personal information involves consent
If you provide us with your personal information (for example, your name, email address, work address, phone and or other contact information), through our site or directly to us by email, you consent to us:
a) processing and administering your personal data to perform all necessary actions to respond to your request or instruction; and
b) keeping a record of incoming and outgoing communications (for example email). We won’t share information in the email you send us or we send you with others (‘third parties’) without your permission unless otherwise in line with the Data Protection legislation.
Please note that by using this site you are giving us your consent to process your personal data as outlined in this statement. Your consent is also provided to any successor or assignee of NALA and/or any of its businesses. We inform all people who submit their personal data to us of these conditions using this Privacy Statement.
You can opt-in and opt-out
We operate a strict “opt-in” policy for individuals. That means we will not send you any information unless you have requested to receive email, text or social media message updates from us.
For businesses, we, NALA, comply with the relevant Data Protection legislation, an “opt-out” policy. This means that we will continue to contact businesses with news and information of our goods and services until we are told otherwise.
How to opt-out
If you as an individual or business customer want us to remove your from our direct marketing list and do not wish to receive any further information from us (opt-out), please tell us. You do this by clicking on the link at the bottom of each email communication you receive from us. Once we get this information we will immediately remove you from our direct marketing database.
Security of data
We take our security obligations for your personal data seriously. We do this because it is the right thing to do and also to comply with the Data Protection Acts. We do this to prevent unauthorised access to, or alteration or destruction of personal data that we have.
Right of access
If you have provided us with your personal data, by law you have a right to be given a copy of your personal data, however there are exceptions. This is in line with section 4 of the Data Protection Acts.
To request a copy of your personal data, please read our Subject Access Request Policy where you can download our Subject Access Request Form. Complete it and send it to:
The Internal Support Co-ordinator,
NALA,
Sandford Lodge, Sandford Close,
Ranelagh,
Dublin DO6 YF65.
Along with your form, please submit:
A copy of official identification (which includes your photo), to verify your identity e.g.driving license or passport along with this form.
A recent bill from a utility company as proof of address.
Unfortunately, we do not accept access requests over the telephone, by email or text message.
Right of rectification or erasure
If we hold incorrect information about you which you sent us through this site, you have the right to have the data amended. You also have the right to have any information you have sent to us by way of this this site erased (deleted).
To request your right to rectification and or erasure, please send your request in writing to:
The Internal Support Co-ordinator,
NALA,
Sandford Lodge, Sandford Close,
Ranelagh,
Dublin DO6 YF65.
This request must be accompanied by:
proof of your name and address; and
a description of the specific personal data you wish rectified.
Conditions about correcting and erasing information
If you ask us to correct and erasure your personal data, we will do this so long as it is in line with the following notice.
We do not have to rectify or erase your data if doing so would prevent you from meeting your contractual obligations to us or where we must process (and keep) your personal data for a lawful purpose. This is in line with The Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.
We trust that you know that we respect and value your right to privacy. We also trust that you believe in our honesty and integrity, and you will continue to trust us with your personal data. Know that we will not use it for any inappropriate purpose.
Terms and conditions
The terms and conditions below govern access to this site and the use of information contained on it. As these terms and conditions protect both you and NALA, we advise that you please take the time to read them carefully.
By using this site, you will be deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions. Please note that this site is owned and operated by NALA. References to “we”, “us” and “our” mean NALA.
Copyright
Copyright in this site and the information set out on it belongs to us and or our licensors. You may not copy, transmit or reproduce it without our prior consent. All copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices must be left intact. Unless otherwise specified, the contents of all the pages contained in this site are copyright of NALA or its licensors.
You must not reproduce part or all of the contents of the pages in any form unless you do so in line with the following:
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence solely to use this site and any services available on it.
You may make one electronically stored, transient copy of these pages of this site for the exclusive purpose of online viewing.
You may make one hard copy of these pages for exclusively non-commercial purposes.
Again, unless otherwise specified, the author(s) of the literary and artistic work set out in the pages contained in this site has/have asserted their moral rights to be identified as the author.
This licence does not permit incorporation of the material or any part of it in any other work or publication, whether in hardcopy or electronic or any other form. In particular, no part of this site may be distributed or copied for any commercial purpose.
No reproduction, transmission or storage
No part of this site may be reproduced on or transmitted to or stored in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval.
Other conditions apply
Some pages on this site contain hypertext links to websites of business units of NALA. When you enter such sites, you will be subject to the terms and conditions of those sites.
Some pages on this site contain hypertext links to websites that we do not maintain. When you enter other websites through such hypertext links, you will not be subject to these terms and conditions and you will not benefit from the protections afforded to you in using our site. We will not be liable in any way for the content, availability or use of such links to websites and you use such links entirely at your own risk.
You guarantee that you will use this site in line with all the terms and conditions and you agree to indemnity NALA if it is held liable for any harm arising from your use of the site.
This site and the laws of Ireland
This site is established in Ireland in line with the laws of Ireland and will be governed by the laws of the State. When you use the site, you accept that your use of the site and any information on it will also be governed by the laws of Ireland. Moreover, if on using our site any claim or dispute arises from this or any information on it, you agree that the Irish Courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over all such claims or disputes.
Use of site elsewhere
The use of this site or the distribution of information on this site may be restricted by local law or regulation in certain jurisdictions. As such, this site is not intended for use, nor is the information intended for distribution, in such jurisdictions. Therefore, as users of our site you need to inform yourself about restrictions – and follow them.
Third parties need permission to link our site elsewhere
No third party is permitted to link any other website to this site without obtaining NALA’s prior written consent.
Caution when emailing
Please note that the sending of personal information using email over the internet may not be secure and can be intercepted by third parties or incorrectly delivered. You should not share confidential or personal information over the internet unless you are using secure or encrypted communications technology.
Our terms and conditions may change
The contents of this Site including these terms and conditions are subject to change by us without notification to you. We accept no responsibility or liability for keeping the information in this site up to date or for not doing this.
Disclaimer
The information on this site is for information purposes only. We took great care to prepare it, but we do not make any guarantees or representations as to its completeness, accuracy or reliability. Although we have made all reasonable efforts to ensure that all of the information on the site is accurate at the time of making it available, we do not represent that this is the case and it should not be relied upon as such.
We neither accept nor assume any responsibility to you in relation to the contents of this site. You access and use our site at your own risk. In addition, we do not represent or guarantee that the use of this site or any material downloaded from it will not cause damage to property, including loss of data or computer virus infection and so on.
We do not accept liability of any description including liability for negligence for any damages resulting from loss of use, data or profits arising out of or in connection with the access, use or performance of this site or any of its contents.
We do not accept liability for any inaccuracies or omissions on this site. All implied warranties are excluded to the fullest extent permissible under law.
We reserve the right to update or change the information on this site including these terms and conditions at any time without giving notice of the alterations. We do not give any warranty of uninterrupted use of this site, and we do not accept liability for any information posted on this site by third parties.
You will ensure that your use of this site complies with all relevant laws and regulations, including those principles of law which protect against compromise of copyrights, trade secrets, proprietary information and other intellectual property rights, liable or defamation of character, invasion of privacy or interference with goods (tortious interference).
No-one can guarantee data transmission over the Internet as being totally secure. While we try to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you send us. This means if you send us information, you are doing this at your own risk. That said, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve its security.
You agree not to post or publish any offensive, defamatory or unlawful material that could encourage or constitute a criminal offence, civil liability or violation of any law.
We reserve the right to monitor or review the contents of the site, but we don’t have to and assume no liability or responsibility for its contents. We reserve the right to remove any materials posted to the site at our absolute discretion.
We may disclose (share) your identity to relevant parties to aid any investigation.
You warrant that the information you enter on this site is accurate, and you indemnify us against any damage or legal costs arising out of any action taken against us for material you post.
IP address explained
IP address: The identifying details for your computer (or your internet company’s computer), expressed in “internet protocol” code (for example 192.168.55.34). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made.
Personal data: means information about you which can identify you (example your name and address) and which we have.
Web browser: The piece of software you use to read web pages. (Examples include: Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox and Safari.)
Sign up to be kept up to date on our latest campaigns.
Full Name*Email*
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Text 'LEARN' to 50050
About us
What we do
Annual reports
NALA staff
NALA board
Publications
News and Events
Contact us
Free courses
Learn with NALA
Learn online
Log-in
Tutors
Literacy workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Student information
Services
Plain English
Integrating Literacy in FET
Health literacy
Workplace basic education
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Research & policy
Literacy in Ireland
Research reports
Policy
Student advocacy
Support us
Become a Member
Privacy Statement
Sandford Lodge, Sandford Close, Ranelagh, Dublin 6, Ireland, DO6 YF65.
Phone 01 4127900 | Fax 01 4976038 | Email info@nala.ie
Company No 342807 | CHY: 8506 | RCN: 20020965
Adult Literacy is co-funded by the Irish Government and the European Social Fund (ESF) as part of the ESF Programme for Employability, Inclusion and Learning 2014-2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
You can read our privacy statement here.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.