https://www.onepercentfortheplanet.org/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
About
Approach
Model
Issues
Solutions
Impact
Community
Business Members
Individual Members
Nonprofit Partners
Media Partners
Founders & Board
Team
Map
Stories
Blog
Podcast
In The News
Act Now
Join
Donate
Be Better
Shop
Log in
About
Approach
Model
Issues
Solutions
Impact
Community
Business Members
Individual Members
Nonprofit Partners
Media Partners
Founders & Board
Team
Map
Stories
Blog
Podcast
In The News
Act Now
Join
Donate
Be Better
Shop
Log in
Privacy policy
We are strongly committed to letting you know how we will collect and use your personal information. The policies below are applicable to data and information collected when you use the 1% for the Planet network of websites, including www.onepercentfortheplanet.org (including any versions optimized for viewing on a wireless or tablet device); all email newsletters published or distributed by 1% for the Planet and its related entities (collectively "Organization" or "we", "us", or "our"); and all other interactive features and communications provided by Organization ("Website"), however accessed and/or used, that are operated by us, made available by us, or produced and maintained by us. We have established this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to let you know the kinds of personal information we may gather during your use of this Website, why we gather your information, what we use your personal information for, when we might disclose your personal information, and how you can manage your personal information.
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered online through our Website. It does not apply to information that you may submit to us offline or by companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us.
By using our Website, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively or to personal information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or don't see your concerns addressed here, you should contact us by email at info@onepercentfortheplanet.org.
What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored?
We collect information that you supply to us, as described more fully below, i.e., when you use our Services, obtain a subscription, complete a survey, register on the Website, upload content, participate in a community, or provide your email address. . We may also collect tracking and usage information about your location, demographics, use of the Website and the Internet.
Information You Give Us
As a general matter, you can browse the Website without submitting information about you to us. However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us or our agents with your personal information. The following lists the most common ways in which we may collect this information.
Registration as a member, nonprofit partner, media partner, or ambassador on the Website
Registration for an event sponsored by Organization
Profile information that You provide for Your user profile including tax and donation information for certification purposes
Uploading Content to the Website
Donating to the Organization
Commenting on Organization Content
Submitting an application to become part of the network
Submitting an application to work at Organization
Participation in surveys
Sign up to receive alerts or other information via email, text or instant message from Organization
Request for customer service, support requests or other assistance
Website related communications, e.g. account verification; technical notification
Participation in communities, commenting to blog entries and participation in other forums
Submission of content or other data and information on any part of the Website that permits it
Any other place on the Website where you knowingly volunteer personal information
Information We Collect Automatically
In addition, when you interact with the Website, we may collect certain information about your use of the Website and our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of our Website. This information includes:
Demographic data such as age, gender, and five digit zip code as part of collecting personal information
Device information about your computer, browser, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Website. This information may include IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information.
Analytics and usage information about your use of the Website.
Additional "traffic data" and log files such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring Website addresses.
Other information regarding your use of the Website.
Collection of Your Source IP Address/Location Information
We may collect and store location information about you on the Website and associated with your account that you volunteer on the Website or enable through the Website or your device. We will not collect any location information that you do not volunteer or enable. We will delete any location information that you request is deleted. We do collect and store your device's source IP address which may disclose the location of your device at the time you access the Website.
Collection of Personal Information From or Through Social Media Sites or Using Your Logo
When you interact with any Service Provider page or account on a social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Instagram, Snapchat, or Pinterest, we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page or account including your account ID or "handle." However, we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such personal information that we are permitted to collect by these social media platforms. If you publish your social media profile on our Service, we may collect personal information that you make available as part of that profile.
Collection of Information From Other Sources
We also may collect information about you that we may receive from other sources or from our offline interactions with you to, among other things, enable us to verify, update information contained in our records and to better customize the Website for you.
Collection of Information Through Surveys and Promotions
From time to time We may provide You with the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes or other promotions on our Service, which might be sponsored or conducted by a third party. If you participate, We will request certain information from You. Participation in these sweepstakes and promotions are completely voluntary and You therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this personal information. The requested information about you typically includes contact information. If there is a third party sponsor involved please make sure to review that party's privacy policy.
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Like many websites and mobile applications, we use "cookies", which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Website and make it easier and/or relevant for your use. Like many Websites, we use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to record your preferences, track the use of our Websites and your exposure to our advertisements. We may also use these technologies to monitor traffic, improve the Websites and make it easier and/or relevant for your use. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser or device to decline these technologies, some features of the Website may not work or may not work as designed.
We use "session" cookies. We do not use flash cookies, web storage, web beacons or other technology that tracks your browsing history across multiple Websites.
We use cookies for the other purposes set out below:
We use cookies to remind us who you are and to find your account information in our database when you access a service so you do not need to log in at every visit. This helps us to provide you with service tailored to your specific needs and interests. A cookie is created when you register for a service
We use cookies to determine the browser the visitor uses so the site can be designed to work properly with the most common versions of different browsers
We use cookies in conjunction with sending you email newsletters
We use cookies in conjunction with analysis of your use of our Website and generate analytics regarding our Website
We use cookies to estimate our audience size. Your browser is given a unique cookie that helps us determine whether yours is a repeat visit or a first visit
We also use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), on our Websites. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Websites, compile reports on the Websites' activity, and provide other services related to Websites activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring Website. The Websites do not use Google Analytics to gather information that personally identifies you. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google's privacy policies. To learn more about Google's partner services and to learn how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google click here.
Please note that opting-out of advertising networks services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our Websites or on other websites, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs. It will, however, exclude you from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms.
Your browser or device may include "Do Not Track" functionality. Because a "Do Not Track" compliance protocol has not yet been finalized, Organization's information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this privacy policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling the targeted ads (sometimes called “interest-based ads”) you receive and how we use your data.
Web browser: You can opt-out of receiving personalized ads (including retargeted ads) served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking here. Please note that this “opt-out” function is browser-specific and relies on an “opt-out cookie”, thus, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again. If you use a Safari browser, please also see directions regarding our cookie-less technology opt-out, below.
Cross Device Opt- Out: In some cases we may link multiple browsers or devices to you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have additional devices or browsers linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to any other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in some conditions, there could be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out: To opt-out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications follow the below instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher: Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher: Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt out of interest-based advertising”.
Industry Opt-Out Tools and Self-Regulation:
You may use the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt-out tool here, which will allow you to opt-out of seeing personalized ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads via the DAA website here.
We also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising and you may opt-out via their ”Your Online Choices” website here.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and improve your experience on the Website. We may use information about you in the following ways:
General Uses
To upload your content to our Website as you request
To permit you to update, edit, and manage your content on our Website
To communicate with you about your account or transactions with us (including service related announcements) and send you information about features and enhancements on our Website
To communicate with you about changes to our policies
To communicate with you about your comment to a blog post
To personalize content and experiences on our Website, including providing you reports, recommendations and feedback based on your preferences
To disclose anonymized Personal Information to disclose statistics and analytics and other details regarding the use of our Website.
To optimize or improve our products, services and operations
To automatically update the Website on your device
To detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
To perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Website
Use of Your Location Information
Specifically, we use your location information to:
Personalize content on our Website, including providing you reports, recommendations and feedback based on your preferences
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Website and their purchasing patterns
Combination of Your Personal Information
We use the information from one portion of the Website on other portions of the Website or elsewhere in our network of Websites, Websites, and other interactive features, or in reports and analysis, all of which are owned and operated by Organization, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Website into a single customer record or analysis or report. We also use and/or combine information that we collect off-line or we collect or receive from third party sources to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of your customer records.
Who Do We Provide Your Information To?
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose information about you collected online to any companies not part of Organization or its parent, subsidiaries or related entities. In no event will we sell or rent your personal information as part of a customer list or similar transaction.
Business Partners and Third Parties
We may share your personal information with our other business partners from time to time. You may withdraw your consent to our sharing of your personal information with business partners and third parties at any time by following the opt-out process described below.
Third-Party Agents
We have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting, billing, push notifications, storage, bandwidth, content management tools, analytics, customer service, fraud protection, etc. These entities have access to the personal information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that personal information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Website.
Emergency Situations
We may also use or disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Website; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Website or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the Website or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure?
We are concerned about ensuring the security of your personal information. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your device to our servers. personal information collected by our Website are stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose your personal information to you. Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
How Can We Transfer Your Personal Information?
Your information collected through the Website may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Organization, its Clients, Affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Organization, its Clients, Affiliates, or service providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the United States or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from US law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored, or processed by Organization, Organization will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information. By registering for and using the Website you consent to the transfer of information to the US or to any other country in which Organization, its Clients, Affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
Following termination or deactivation of your account, Organization, its Clients, Affiliates, or its service providers may retain information (including your profile information) and user Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. If you have any questions about termination or deactivation of your account, please contact us directly at info@onepercentfortheplanet.org.
What Happens When I Link To or From Another Website?
This Website may contain links to other Websites operated by third parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy for Organization do not Websitely to information gathered through these other Websites. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other Websites.
Users in the European Union (EEA) and Switzerland
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies.
Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing: As explained above, we process personal information in various ways depending upon your use of our Website. We process personal information on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide services; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Website where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy.
Transfers: Personal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities. We will ensure that transfers of personal information to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Article 46 of the GDPR.
Your Rights: Residents of the EEA and Switzerland are entitled to rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection Regulation or Section 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection with respect to the processing of your personal information, including rights to request erasure of personal information or object to our processing of personal information. In order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.
Assignment
We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Website. We may also sell certain assets associated with the Website. As a result, please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of your information to an Organization acquiring all or part of our assets or to another Organization with which we have merged. Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring Organization or the merged Organization will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to This Policy
As our Website continues to develop, we may add new services and features to our Website. In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy, this document will be updated appropriately. We will post those changes prominently so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We do, however, recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our Website in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy. We will not, however, materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information we have previously collected from you without your express consent.
What Are Your Choices and How Do You Opt-Out?
We believe you should have choices about the collection, use and sharing of your information. Although you cannot opt-out of all data collection when you visit our sites, you can limit the collection, use and sharing of your personally identifiable information.
Collection of Personal Information. All personally identifiable information is provided on a voluntary basis. If you do not want our organization to collect such information, you should not submit it to the website. However, doing so will restrict your ability to access some content and use some of the functionality of the Website.
Emails and Other Communications. If you would like to alter the type of communications you receive from us, including opting out of promotional communications from us, you may do so at any time by updating the communication preferences specified in your account profile through the Website. Please note that this may affect your ability to access certain products and services, and we may continue to send non-promotional communications such as staffing confirmations, surveys, and other information about your use of the Service. If you refer others to us using our email functionality, please note that they may choose not to receive any promotional emails from us in the future by following the opt-out instructions in the email invitation.
Tracking. You also have choices to limit some tracking mechanisms that collect information when you use the Website. Many web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser's setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, certain features of our Website, including the Website themselves, may not function properly or remain accessible to you. In addition, you may also render some web beacons unusable by rejecting or removing their associated cookies. Note that if you choose to remove cookies, you may remove opt-out cookies that affect your advertising preferences. For more detail on your ability to opt out, see Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies above.
Please note that while you may opt out of online behavioral advertising and other targeted advertising served by participating companies through Website you may still see other types of advertising on the Website, it just may not be as relevant or targeted to your interests.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information. If you have an account with Organization, you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your profile. Be advised that we may not be able to delete your personal information without also deleting your user account. You will not be permitted to examine the Personal Information of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with personal information to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personal information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you should contact us by email at info@onepercentfortheplanet.org.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Organization who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@onepercentfortheplanet.org.
Donor and member information
We use industry standard safeguards to protect donor information. Many members and donors use credit cards for donations. We protect the security of credit card transactions using a number of measures such as encryption, access controls, and network firewalls.
This privacy policy was last modified on December 3, 2020.
1% for the Planet 47 Maple Street, Suite 103, Burlington, VT 05401, United States (802) 861-0460 info@onepercentfortheplanet.org
FAQs
Careers
In The News
Annual reports
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Contact
Don’t forget to sign up for our newsletter! For press inquiries, please email us.
Copyright 2020. 1% for the Planet® is a 501(c)(3). All rights reserved.