http://www.dallasfed.org/fed/privacy.aspx
Skip to content
Toggle navigation
Publications
News & Events
Careers
Research
Research »
Dallas Fed Economics »
Economic analysis and insights from the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas
Global Perspectives »
Connecting global thought leaders and community members for conversation around economic issues.
Texas Economy »
Your source for information on the Texas economy and the Eleventh Federal Reserve District
Dallas Fed Surveys
Economic Analysis
Economic Data
Economic Indicators
Southwest Economy
Research by Topic
MORE on the Texas economy
Economic Data »
High-Frequency Data
Regional Data
U.S. Data
International Data
Energy Data
U. S. Economy »
Analyzing the Business Economic Outlook in the United States
Market Value of Gov't Debt
Mobility and Engagement Index (MEI)
Real-Time Population Survey (RPS)
Trimmed Mean PCE
PCE Inflation Update
U.S. Economy Charts
Weekly Economic Index (WEI)
MORE on the U.S. economy
International Economy »
Research on Global Economic Growth & Effects on U.S. Monetary Policy
International House Price Database
Institute Events
Working Papers
More International Economy
Energy Research »
Examining the Links Between Oil, Energy and the Economy
Articles & Research
Dallas Fed Energy Survey
Energy in the Eleventh District
Energy Indicators
Energy Slideshow
More Energy Research
Points of Interest
DataBasics
Economists
Events
MORE Points of Interest
Publications
Southwest Economy
Dallas Fed Economics
Special Reports
Working Papers
All Research publications
Research Data Center (RDC) »
Dallas-Fort Worth Federal Statistical Research Data Center located at the Dallas Fed
Globalization Institute
The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas established the Globalization Institute in 2007 for the purpose of better understanding how the process of deepening economic integration between the countries of the world, or globalization, alters the environment in which U.S. monetary policy decisions are made.
visit Globalization Institute site
Banking
Banking »
Supervision & Regulation
Supervision Resources
Regulation Resources
Banking Applications
Bank Director Training
Discount Window
Discount Window/Payment System Risk
Seasonal Application
Credit Programs
Financial Industry Research
Supervisory Risk and Surveillance
Financial & Regulatory Reporting
Financial Reporting
Regulatory Reporting
Structure Reporting
Reserves Maintenance
Reserves Central
Daylight Overdraft Reports
Excess Balance Account
TDF
Financial Services
Federal Reserve Bank Services
Check Services
FedCash Services
Service Fees
Contacts
Consumer Information
General Consumer Information
File a Consumer Complaint
Publications
Banking Publications
Financial Industry Articles
Occasional Papers
Financial Institution Outreach
Banking Conditions Survey
Industry Outreach
Events
Banking Events
Regulatory Reporting Seminars
Contacts
Supervision & Regulation
Discount and Credit
Supervisory Risk and Surveillance
Financial & Regulatory Reporting
Banking Officers
Community Development
Community Development »
Dallas Fed Community Development promotes financial stability and growth for low- and moderate-income households. Learn more, read our publications and check out our events. »
Advance Together »
Accelerates the progress of community partnerships in Texas that are addressing education and workforce challenges. Learn more about our inclusive economy accelerator. »
Areas of Focus:
Economic Development and Human Capital
CRA and Compliance
Small Business and Entrepreneurship
Workforce Development
Digital Inclusion
Financial Access and Capability
Asset Building and Financial Stability
Consumer Credit
Financial Education
Housing and Neighborhood Stabilization
Affordable Housing
Healthy Communities
Neighborhood Revitalization
Education and Outreach
Education »
Classroom Resources
Building Wealth
Everyday Economics
Navigate: Exploring College and Careers
Personal Financial Literacy
Classroom-Ready Presentations
Fed Resources
Points of Interest
Economy in Action Exhibit
Economic Education Events
Tours
Contacts
Outreach »
Economic Outreach
Community Engagement
Economic Education
Industry Outreach
Points of Interest
Outreach events
Contacts
Request a Speaker
Speaker Request Form
Navigate
Exploring College and Careers
Navigate Workbook and Handbook
Procedure Documents
Workbook
About Us
About Us »
The Eleventh District
About the Dallas Fed
Counties in the Eleventh District
State Member Banks
Office of Minority and Women Inclusion
Branches
El Paso
Houston
San Antonio
Leadership & Organization
Bank Leadership
Boards of Directors
Advisory Councils
Governance & Transparency
President Robert S. Kaplan
Kaplan webpage
Speeches and Essays
Request a Speaker
Speaker Request Form
Dallas Fed
About the Dallas Fed
Annual Reports
Bank Holidays
Business Continuity
Careers
Financial Statements
Procurement Sourcing
Social Media: Follow the Fed
Visitor Information
Visiting the Dallas Fed
The Economy in Action Exhibit
Directions to the Dallas Fed
Tours
The Economy in Action
The Economy in Action is a free exhibit at the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas. Through interactive exhibits and multimedia displays, learn about the Federal Reserve, money and the economy.
take a tour
Publications
News & Events
Careers
El Paso
Houston
San Antonio
Publications
News & Events
Careers
About the Dallas Fed
Toggle navigation
About Us
Dallas Fed
About the Dallas Fed
Financial Statements
Annual Reports
Business Continuity
Procurement Sourcing
Eleventh District
About the Eleventh District
Branches
El Paso
Houston
San Antonio
Counties in the Eleventh District
State Member Banks
Leadership and Organization
Bank Leadership
Boards of Directors
Advisory Councils
Bylaws and Committees
Governance and Transparency
Careers
Dallas Fed Careers
Job Openings
Essays, Speeches & Interviews
Pres. Kaplan Essays & Speeches
Interviews
Request speaker
Essay & Speech Archive
Visitor Info
Visiting the Dallas Fed
Directions
Directions
El Paso Branch
Houston Branch
San Antonio Branch
Economy in Action Exhibit
Tours
Office of Minority and Women Inclusion
General Reserve Bank Data Privacy Notice
Introduction and Scope
This
privacy notice provides a high-level overview of Federal Reserve Bank (Reserve
Bank) activities that rely at least in part on use of personal information. We
seek to provide transparency into relevant Reserve Bank functions, the personal
information involved, and general uses of such information.
While
this notice covers general categories of activities and functions conducted
across and within multiple Reserve Banks, each Reserve Bank is a separate legal
entity responsible for its own privacy practices. As some of the many functions
that the Reserve Banks perform have been operationally consolidated into one or
more Reserve Banks, each Reserve Bank is publishing a similar version of this
notice regardless of whether a function is performed at a particular Reserve
Bank. This is to make it easier to find relevant information without having to
understand the complexities of the Federal Reserve System.
When
we use the term personal information in this notice, we mean personal
information handled or retained by a Reserve Bank that is linked or linkable to
an individual. This notice covers instances where personal information is
received from sources other than the individuals to which the personal
information relates. It also covers situations where individuals provide
information for Reserve Bank security or law enforcement purposes.
This
notice is not intended to cover situations:
that are generally covered by more specific
notices posted at the point of collection, such as collecting personal
information directly from members of the public on the web (e.g., signing up
for newsletters);
where the Reserve Banks collect or use
personal information for routine corporate functions, such as managing
employees, administering benefit plans, performing audits and accounting; and
that involve operation of Reserve Bank
websites (e.g., cookie policies).
Reserve
Bank Functions That Use PII
This notice describes the six core
functions that the Reserve Banks perform involving personal information that
are within the scope explained above. Regardless of functional area, the
Reserve Banks DO NOT sell personal information to unrelated third parties for
their commercial benefit. The Reserve Banks DO share personal information if
required by law or if such sharing is necessary to accomplish the listed
functions and activities (including sharing between the Reserve Banks and with
Reserve Bank vendors if such vendor requires the information to provide
services to the Reserve Bank(s)).
Banking Supervision
& Regulation
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board) is a
federal agency that is responsible for the supervision and regulation (S&R)
of certain financial institutions and bank holding companies. The Board has
delegated some of these functions to Reserve Banks acting as agents of the
Board.
As part of the delegated functions, the Reserve Banks receive
personal information from financial institutions. For example, Reserve Banks review
consumer loan data as part of an examination of a bank. Reserve Banks may also
receive personal information about individuals who are involved in bank
leadership in connection with applications submitted by such bank for approval.
In carrying out Board delegated functions, the Reserve Banks are required to
follow the Board’s data privacy policies. For more information about what
personal information may be involved in supervisory activities, please see the Federal Reserve
Board privacy site.
Fiscal Agent Services
to the United States Department of the Treasury (Treasury)
The Reserve Banks act as fiscal agents to the U.S. Treasury to
support its goals related to collecting, disbursing, borrowing, investing and
accounting for government funds.
In this capacity, the Reserve Banks collect, use and share personal
information for the exclusive purpose of providing such fiscal services, which
include payment of government benefits and auctioning Savings Bonds to the
public. In carrying out these functions, the Reserve Banks follow Treasury’s data
privacy and other requirements. See the list of privacy impact assessments published by Treasury.
Financial Services
The Reserve Banks provide financial services to depository
institutions such as banks, credit unions, and savings and loans associations
(together “financial institutions.”) These services include acting as an intermediary
between financial institutions for clearing checks and Automated Clearing House
(ACH) payments and electronically transferring funds.
The receipt and sharing of personal information is a necessary aspect
of the Reserve Banks’ provision of financial services. As financial intermediaries,
Reserve Banks come into possession of personal information, such as names,
addresses, and account numbers contained in payment instruments and
instructions provided by the financial institutions. In some instances a check
or payment instruction might also include a social security number or other
more sensitive personal information. As financial intermediaries, the Reserve
Banks rely on the financial institutions to provide the personal information
used in the services and do not collect it directly from individuals. The
Reserve Banks have no control over the type or accuracy of personal information
submitted by financial institutions. The Reserve Banks pass payment
instructions onto the next financial institution in the payment chain either
directly or through the financial institution’s designated agent/vendor. Such
information may also be used in connection with compliance activities and for other
operational purposes related to payments processing. For more information about
these financial services, see FRB services.
Lending
The Reserve Banks extend certain types of credit to
financial institutions. This includes allowing short term overdrafts on
accounts (called daylight overdraft) as well as other lending programs (called
Discount Window advances).
Discount Window advances must be secured by collateral, and
financial institutions can pledge collateral to avoid charges incurred by their
use of daylight overdrafts. The collateral pledged to a Reserve Bank may
include consumer loans (e.g., mortgage loans, auto loans). While the loans generally
remain in the custody of the financial institution borrowing from the Reserve
Bank, the Reserve Banks require information about each of the loans pledged as
collateral. The consumer loan level information obtained for collateral
purposes include name, loan number, loan amount and balance. If actual loan documentation
is obtained for sampling or safekeeping purposes, it will include all the
information contained therein, which may also include social security numbers,
dates of birth, and account numbers. Personal information obtained for the
lending functions is used only to support and facilitate these lending
activities. Generally, the information is used for collateral verification and
valuation purposes. The personal information is shared internally to the extent
necessary to support these activities. Please see www.frbdiscountwindow.org
for more information about these activities.
Research &
Monetary Policy
The Research and Monetary Policy functions conduct independent economic
research for publication in leading academic journals and provide policy
analysis in support of the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy mission.
Economic research and policy analysis are data-intensive activities
that sometimes involve analyzing mostly aggregate and/or de-identified personal
information. The majority of this information is acquired from third party data
providers who aggregate large volumes of financial data and make it available
for purchase. This information is generally anonymized through removal or
obfuscation of select identifiers and its use is subject to restrictions about re-identifying
it. The Reserve Banks may also acquire information from other third parties
that specialize in aggregating publicly available data sources, such as the
Bureau of Labor Statistics or county tax records. This information is used for
research purposes and for supporting the Reserve Bank Presidents in their
monetary policy capacity associated with the Federal Open Market Committee. The
Reserve Banks are subject to strict use, confidentiality and sharing
requirements with respect to this information.
Law Enforcement
Each Reserve Bank has its own Federal Reserve law enforcement officers
responsible for protecting its facilities, physical assets and staff.
In order to protect the people and
assets of the Reserve Banks, Law Enforcement collects some personal information
from people who visit the Reserve Banks for business or other reasons. Such visitors
may be required to provide identifying information before being allowed access
to Reserve Bank facilities. This information may include name and information
on a government issued ID. Some Reserve Banks also collect personal information
for the purpose of conducting background checks. This information is used to verify
the identity of an individual and determine whether such individual poses a
threat to the security of the Reserve Bank. Background checks are conducted
with the consent of the individual and will generally involve the sharing of
personal information with vendors engaged to perform screening and/or
governmental agencies that conduct aspects of the screening.
Questions
or Comments
If you have any questions, comments or
concerns about this notice or the Reserve Banks’ general privacy practices, please
use this form to submit them. We only use the personal information you
provide to respond to your question, comment or concern.
Questions or comments relating to
Board delegated and Fiscal agent functions should be directed to the Board of
Governors and the U.S. Treasury, respectively.
Subscribing to Events & Publication Notices
Cvent and Salesforce
Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas 2200 N. Pearl St., Dallas, Texas 75201 | 214.922.6000 or 800.333.4460
Follow the Fed
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice