http://www.amberleigh.net/privacy-policy
Skip to content
The Amberleigh
Explore The Amberleigh, where a blend of desired amenities and convenient services offer you a vibrant lifestyle that encourages health and independence through innovative recreational, educational and wellness programs.
About the CommunityServicesAmenities & DiningApartments
About the CommunityServicesAmenities & DiningApartmentsSchedule A Tour
Get acquainted with our senior living communityThe Amberleigh offers privacy and freedom to live the way you choose.
Fun & friends The Amberleigh offers special speakers, concerts, games and more throughout the year. Sunday brunches are always a special treat, as are the number of social programs that occur seven days a week. We also offer community outreach programs that support the American Heart Association, Variety Club of Buffalo and Roswell Park Cancer Institute.
Safety & convenience Say goodbye to the worries of living alone, home maintenance, and housework. Say hello to a new lifestyle at the Amberleigh. Enjoy access to a choice of home health agencies that provide regular personal care assessments, 24-hour staff members that provide special additional housekeeping and laundry depending on the level of care desired, and wellness, walking, balance and exercise classes.
I play Canasta with some friends from outside Amberleigh who come here for lunch and cards on Mondays. I used to do all my own driving, but now rely more and more on the Amberleigh van to take me places. I have joined the book club as I love to read. I have never regretted my decision. This is now my home.
Getelle R.
The Amberleigh living optionsFind the right type of senior living community.
Independent living Enjoy a private apartment and active social life with freedom from chores like housekeeping, laundry and home maintenance.
Assisted living Maintain your independence while enjoying access to 24-hour support services like help with bathing, dressing, meal preparation and more.
Memory care Experience a safe environment for seniors with Alzheimer’s and other forms of dementia supported by a specially trained staff.
Temporary care Move in for a short-term stay when you need additional support or try out our community before committing to a lease.
Resident life at The AmberleighSee what modern senior living looks like.
Education & recreation From our community seminars and game nights, to craft and cooking projects, to themed dress-up days, we provide meaningful ways for you to develop new skills and interests and expand your social circles.
Fun with food Food connects us, brings us joy and can be a creative outlet. You don’t have to be a professional chef to get in on the action! Our staff and residents hold bake-offs, organize recipe exchanges and work together on fun cooking projects.
On-site amenities Our community provides a relaxed, friendly atmosphere of warmth and care with features that embrace the independent spirit. You can enjoy social, educational and recreational programs and activities throughout the year.
In the area The Amberleigh is near interstates 90, 190, and 290, which provide access to Buffalo and Niagara Falls. We are less than 20 minutes from Buffalo Niagara International Airport, The University at Buffalo, golf courses and art galleries.
Nearby:
Hospitals: Millard Fillmore Suburban
Pharmacies: Wegmans, Walgreens, Rite Aid, Woodmark, Tops, Target
Restaurants: Duff’s Famous Wings, Frank & Teressa’s Anchor Bar, Village Grille, Creekview Restaurant
Shopping: Eastern Hills Mall, Walmart Supercenter, TJ Maxx, Best Buy, Kohl’s, Macy’s, Big Lots, JCPenney, Tops, Wegmans, Aldi
Our COVID-19 response The safety of our residents and team members is our highest priority. Company-wide, we are taking safety measures and following guidance from officials. While life in our communities might look a bit different right now, we’re hard at work keeping our residents happy and engaged.
Review our Visitation Safety Plan.
Schedule a tour
First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*
CAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.