http://www.acc-uk.org/privacy-policy
About Us
|
Contact Us
Donate
Memberships
Members Login
To facilitate provision by Christians of quality counselling and pastoral care. ACC Counsellors now offering on-line and telephone counselling
To facilitate provision by Christians of quality counselling and pastoral care
Toggle navigation
Find a Counsellor
Find a Christian Counsellor/Supervisor/counselling organisation
What is Counselling?
Why use an ACC Counsellor?
Choosing a Counsellor or Psychotherapist
Knowledge Base for Counselling
Questions for your Counsellor or Psychotherapist
Network Representatives
ACC European Contacts
How do I complain regarding a counsellor?
How do I complain about staff or ACC?
Frequently Asked Questions
Become a Counsellor
What is Christian Counselling?
So you think you want to become a counsellor?
Advice & Training
Different levels of Training
Counselling Training Courses
Become an Accredited Counsellor
Frequently Asked Questions 1
Frequently asked Questions 2
ACC Membership
About ACC
Vision And Values
ACC Ethics and Practice Document
Join ACC membership
Membership Categories table
Fees Table
Renew your membership
The Benefits
ACC Networks
Welcome Page
Become an Accredited Counsellor
Membership essentials
Join the Accredited
Register
Frequently Asked Questions
The ACC Accredited Register
About the ACC Accredited Register
Information for the public
Register Advisory Panel
Check the Accredited Register
Join the Accredited Register
Accredited
Registers
Communications Toolkit
July 2016
Renew your registration
Join the Student Register
Check the Student Register
Dual Registration
Guidance on Complaints from other professional bodies
Complaint Hearing Outcomes
Professional Development
Upcoming events listing
Careers and Jobs
Find a CPD Training Provider
Accreditation application forms and documents
Accreditation Frequently asked Questions
Supervision Guidelines
Counselling Logs Template
CPD Guidelines
How to Book your Training & Events
Counsellor Guidance Documents
Useful Articles and Links
Near Miss Reporting
Publications
Products
Resources available for purchase
ACC public documents
ACC Member only Resources
accord journal
accord articles
Accord Extra
News
Job Opportunities
Blogs
Combatting stress and burnout Premier radio interview with Sue Monckton-Rickett
Latest Podcasts
Avoiding the Stiff upper lip
Prayer Points
Latest News
Useful links
Accord headlines
Board Members and Agenda for meetings
Pastoral Care
Pastoral Care
Privacy policy
This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting our website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What personal information do we collect?
Information you give us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our web site or give us in any other way. For example, you may fill in a form in order to request information from one of the listed suppliers. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, improving our provision of resources and communicating with you.
Automatic collection of information We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many web sites, we may use “cookies,” as a way of temporarily storing information concerning the page you are viewing. This is not personal information; we cannot collect your name or e-mail address unless you explicitly give them to us when you fill in a form. We also collect information on the type of browser and computer you use purely for statistical purposes.
What are cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and keep records of the pages you visit. These cookies are automatically discarded when you close your browser.
Do we share your personal information?
We do not share any information we collect about you. We share customer information only with the suppliers listed on the site so that they can respond to requests you make when you complete an enquiry form.
We may disclose information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is:
reasonably necessary to comply with the law
to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions
to protect our rights and those of the user
Links
Where there are links on our site to other sites the content of those linked sites is not covered by this privacy policy. These other sites will have separate privacy and data collection practices. We do not have responsibility or liability for these independent policies. Links to other sites are provided by us for information only and in good faith. We are not responsible or liable for any content advertisement, product or other materials on or available from such sites.
Similarly, in passing your enquiry via e-mail to our suppliers we cannot be held responsible or liable for how your information is handled by these suppliers.
What options do I have?
As discussed above, you can always opt not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make an enquiry for goods or services.
Terms and Conditions, notices and revisions
Your use of the acc-uk.org.uk website and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our Terms and Conditions, including limitations on damages, and application of English law. If you have any concern about privacy at ACC please send a thorough description to office@acc-uk.org and we will try to resolve it. Our service to you evolves over time. This Policy and the Terms and Conditions will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use.
ACC is not responsible for any content published on this website by a third party.
You should check our web site frequently to see recent changes.