https://www.evantaylorlawoffice.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Practice Areas
Divorce
Uncontested Divorce
Child Custody & Visitation
Child Support
Probate
Property Division
Alimony
Finances
Property Division in Oklahoma
Child Support in Oklahoma
Support Alimony in Oklahoma
Children
Child Custody in Oklahoma
Child Support in Oklahoma
Tools
Conflict Analyzer
Divorce Designer
Alimony Budget Calculator
Marital Balance Sheet
Family Law Litigation Map
Resources
Helpful Links
FAQ
Blog
About
Contact
Intake
Privacy Policy
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer (such as survey information and/or site registrations). The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under circumstances when it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
Information Gathering and Usage
When you contact Evan Taylor Law Office, PLLC we may ask for information such as your name, email address, your state and county of residence, your spouse’s name and general facts about your marriage and agreement for divorce that are relevant for estimating your fee.
Evan Taylor Law Office, PLLC uses collected information for the following general purposes: services provision, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Cookies are required to use the our online account services, but not necessary for general contact or fee estimation services.
We use cookies to record current session information, but do not use permanent cookies. You are required to log-in to your online account after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents.
Data Storage
Evan Taylor Law Office, PLLC uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run our online services. Although Evan Taylor Law Office owns the code, databases, and all rights to our applications, you retain all rights to your data.
Disclosure
Evan Taylor Law Office, PLLC will not intentionally disclose personally identifiable information protected by an attorney-client privilege, except under exigent circumstances as required by the Oklahoma Rules for Professional Conduct or a court order.
It may be necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, including without limitation, fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Changes
Evan Taylor Law Office, PLLC may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed through our Online Contact Form.
Let's Get Started
Get an Appointment
Contact Evan A. Taylor, PLLC
102 E. Eufaula, Suite A
Norman, Oklahoma 73069
(405) 321-1822
Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Contact Us
© 2020 Evan Taylor Law Office. All Rights Reserved.