http://www.mises.org/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Home |
Privacy Statement
A
A
Privacy StatementYour privacy is of the utmost importance to the Mises Institute. For this reason the Mises Institute makes every effort to protect all information collected from mises.org. At no time is information collected shared with third parties. We value your privacy and are committed to safeguarding it. This Privacy Policy describes the policies of the Mises Institute regarding the collection, use, and protection of information provided through:
Email communications: inquiries submitted via emailSubscription requests: requests to receive one or more of our printed or digital publications (vendors are MailChimp, Modern Postcard, and Salesforce).Academy registration: information provided when registering to take an online course (vendor is Salesforce).Event registration: information provided when registering to attend an offered event (vendors are Salesforce and iATS Payments).Donations and Gifts: information provided when making a gift (vendors are Salesforce and iATS Payments).Bookstore: information provided when ordering books and merchandise from from the Mises Bookstore (vendors are AbleCommerce, Authorize.net, Ship Station)
The Mises Institute's website, mises.org, does not require registration or membership to access and use the information found therein. The website offers free, anonymous access to everyone without the need to login or go through a sign-in process.
Right to Information
Under the law of some countries, you may have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information. You may also have the right to correct, delete, or restrict processing of your personal information and to obtain the personal information you provided to us in a specified format.
These rights may be limited in certain circumstances, if your request would reveal personal information about another person.
Information Collection and Use
We employ third party services for website analytics: Google Analytics, Clicky, and Alexa.
All information you disclose in article comments becomes publication information. You should be mindful of what you choose to disclose publicly (Vendor is Disqus).
Storing and Securing Your Personal Data and Information
We take all reasonable measures to:
Protect your personal data and information, and to protect our website from unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, information we possess.
Ensure that we are in compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GFPR) regardless of where your personal data may be stored and processed.
The Mises Institute reserves the right to change this policy at any time without prior written notification. The Privacy Policy listed here will always be the active policy of the Mises Institute.
To exercise any of these rights or if you have any related questions, suggestions, or complaints, you can contact the Mises Institute's data protection officer listed below:
Data Protection Officerdatasecurity@mises.orgMises Institute518 West Magnolia AvenueAuburn, Alabama 36832USA
Topics
Anarchy
Anti-Politics
Big Government
Biographies
Bitcoin
Book Reviews
Booms and Busts
Bureaucracy and Regulation
Capitalism
Central Banks
Coordination
Corporate Welfare
Cronyism and Corporatism
Decentralization and Secession
Democracy
Economic Freedom
Economic Policy
Education
Fed Watch
Financial Markets
Free Markets
From the Archives
Global Economy
Hayek
Health
Immigration
Inflation
Interviews
Keynes
Labor and Wages
Law
Legal System
Liberalism
Libertarianism
Macroeconomics
Majority Rule
Media and Culture
Minarchy
Monetary Policy
Money and Banks
Old Right
Paternalism
Philosophy
Planning
Poverty
Price Controls
Progressivism
Property Rights
Protectionism and Free Trade
Rationalism
Socialism
Strategy
Taxes and Spending
The Entrepreneur
The Environment
The Fed
The Police State
U.S. Economy
U.S. History
Unemployment
War and Foreign Policy
World History
Austrian School
Austrian Economics Overview
Business Cycles
Calculation and Knowledge
Cantillon
Capital and Interest Theory
Entrepreneurship
Fiscal Theory
Gold Standard
History of the Austrian School of Economics
Interventionism
Monetary Theory
Money and Banking
Money Supply
Monopoly and Competition
Other Schools of Thought
Philosophy and Methodology
Political Theory
Praxeology
Prices
Private Property
Production Theory
Subjectivism
Value and Exchange