https://www.angelflightwest.org/privacy-policy/
888-4-AN-ANGEL (888-426-2643)
About   |   News   |   AFW Store   |   Wings   |   Events   |   Endeavor Awards   |   Contact   Member Login
Angel Flight West
Request a Flight
See if you qualify for free medical and compassion flights
Join Angel Flight West
Find out what it takes to be an Angel Flight West Pilot or Earth Angel Driver
Donate to AFW
Explore the many ways you can help Angel Flight West
About Angel Flight West
Menu
Skip to content
About
History
Board of Directors
FAQs
General FAQ
Member FAQ
Mission Types
Financial
Newsletters
Sponsors
Press Kit
Video/Photo Galleries
Video Gallery
Photo Gallery
Search for:
This privacy policy covers the site www.angelflightwest.org and afids.angelflightwest.org. Because this website wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users’ privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices.
What personally identifiable information Angel Flight West collects.What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the Website.What organization collects the information.How Angel Flight West uses the information.With whom Angel Flight West may share user information.What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Angel Flight West control.How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should send email to info@angelflightwest.org.
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
Angel Flight West is the sole owner of the information collected on www.angelflightwest.org and afids.angelflightwest.org. Angel Flight West collects information from our users at several different points on our Website:
Registration
Registration is not required to use www.angelflightwest.org or afids.angelflightwest.org. Angel Flight West collects contact and demographic information of persons who apply for membership with the organization. Angel Flight West also collects information from individuals who request service from Angel Flight West, or from individuals who have requested information from Angel Flight West, or from individuals with other associations with Angel Flight West. In some cases, that information is collected on the websites.
Order
Angel Flight West may request information from a user who purchases merchandise or applies for membership on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customers’ orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
Information Use
Personal information is used on the Angel Flight West websites to facilitate mission coordination and to facilitate communication relating to other functions of the organization.
Profile
We do not store profile information gathered on the website except through the processes described above. We also use information collected through other means, primarily offline, such as the member application process, to provide personalized displays of information.
Tracking & Cookies DataWe use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Log Files
Like most standard Website servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Angel Flight West will not share any information from log files that relates to a specific user’s history on the site, but may share aggregate usage data with third parties.
Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)
Angel Flight West does not track usage through Clear Gifs or other similar mechanisms.
Communications from Angel Flight West
Informational Emails
Members and others who have provided us with contact information will occasionally receive informational emails from Angel Flight West. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to a newsletter or other regular informational mailing, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users’ privacy, we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.
Mailings by Postal Mail
Members, donors, and others who have provided us with contact information will occasionally receive informational mailings or fund raising solicitations from Angel Flight West. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
We may share aggregated demographic information with individuals or organizations.. For example, we may share aggregated information with other similar organizations to assist them in planning, or we may share this information with foundations or other sources of funds.
Third Party Advertisers
Angel Flight West does not share personal information with advertisers.
These are the instances in which we will share users’ personal information:
We share information in conjunction with the mission coordination process. For example, requesters have access to some personal information of members who have been assigned to a mission. Requesters and members have some access to passenger information. Members have access to contact information about other members. In each case, log on is required for such access, and specific permission is granted by the organization staff for such access. The general public has access to only the first name and first initial of the last name of some individuals in conjunction with certain communications functions. These are a few examples of the ways information is shared on our websites, and is by no means a complete listing.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. We also use a third party mailing house to send dues renewal letters. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Service Providers
We partner with a number of third parties to provide specific services. For example, some merchandise items may be created and provided by a third party supplier. When the user signs up for these particular services, we share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. In all cases, such sharing of data will be done only in connection with Angel Flight West’s charitable business.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
AdButler AdButler is an advertising service provided by Sparklit Networks Inc.For more information about AdButler, please visit their Privacy Policy: https://www.sparklit.com/agreements.spark?agreement=privacy
Behavioral Remarketing
Angel Flight West, Inc. uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads (AdWords) Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/adsGoogle also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=enFacebook Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950 To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of receiving unsolicited emails. When a user logs on to the website, he or she is presented with an option to manage email list subscriptions. A function to opt out of any unsolicited emails is available at that point. The Angel Flight staff may continue to use the email address as a personal form of communication, unless the individual contacts the office directly and requests that his or her email address be deleted from the database.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Angel Flight West, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security
Angel Flight West takes reasonable precautions to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected to a reasonable degree both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just ‘surfing’.
We also take precautions to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices and/or the offices of our service providers. Only employees and certain key volunteers are granted access to personally identifiable information. All employees and volunteers who are given access are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a locked facility and are protected by a firewall. Users who have been granted access to private information have been asked to keep their passwords secure, and to treat the information they have access to as private (they are required to review and agree to our terms of use policy prior to gaining access to the private data).
If users have any questions about the security at our Website, users can send an email to webmaster@angelflightwest.org.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. (In the case of a current member, removing contact information may require that he or she terminate membership with Angel Flight West.) This can usually be done by logging on as a current member or user with a username and password, or by emailing our webmaster at webmaster@angelflightwest.org. Or, contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Data Security ManagerAngel Flight West3161 Donald Douglas Loop SouthSanta Monica, CA 90405(310) 390-2958info@angelflightwest.org
DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
Angel Flight West (AFW) is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors. AFW provides this Donor Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy policy, and to inform you of the way your information is used.
For web and non-web donations, Angel Flight West will not sell, trade or share our donors’ contact information with anyone nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations Angel Flight West maintains an opt-out policy for donors who choose not to be recognized by name and/or receive direct correspondence.
Contact Information
AFW collects and uses various information from donors that includes: amount donated, address, telephone number, donor comments and e-mail address. Tax laws in the United States and the State of California require AFW to keep contact information and contribution level of donors on file.
AFW uses donor information to understand donors’ needs and provide excellent service. AFW will never sell, trade, rent or share names (unless released for publication), e-mail or mail addresses, or telephone numbers of our donors. We will list the name of your firm along with our other donors on our website and in printed marketing materials but will remove your name from the list at any time at your request. AFW will use contact information (e-mail, telephone number and address) of donors for these purposes only:
Distribute receipts for donationsThank donors for their donationInform donors about upcoming fundraising and other activitiesInternal analysis and record keepingReporting to relevant U.S. and State agenciesProperly anonymized donor information is used for promotional and fundraising activities. AFW allows donors the option to have their name publicly associated with their donation unless the donor explicitly chooses to remain anonymous.
Financial Information
All access to donor financial information is strictly limited to professional staff and volunteers whose jobs require them to process or use this data. No data is given to any person, organization or group who does not need to access those data.
It is our desire not to send unwanted mail or information about AFW to our donors. Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list or from our emailing list.
If you have comments or questions about our donor privacy policy, please send us an email at info@angelflightwest.org or call us at (310) 390-2958.
Updated 6/26/2019