http://www.hartley-law.com/notice.php#privacy
CHARLES HARTLEY, Attorney at Law
Understanding the rights and responsibilities of professional musicians
Home  |  Attorney Profile  |  For Contractors and Businesses  |  For Families and Individuals  |  Links  |  Client Services
Legal Notices
Copyright
All original content on this site is Copyright 2000-2019
by Charles Hartley. Visitors to the site are granted permission to reprint
the materials at the site for personal use. Other Internet sites, directories
and search engines are granted permission to link to either the home page
(index.php) or to any individual page within the site, though the names
and contents of these pages are subject to change without notice at any
time.
Disclaimer
This site is intended to provide information about the background,
interests and practice of an individual attorney in accordance with applicable
California law and the Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar
of California. It is a communication as defined by Chapter Seven of those
Rules of Professional Conduct, and per Rule 7.2, Charles Hartley is responsible for its content. It is an advertisement as defined by California
Business and Professions Code sections 6157 et seq. This site is not intended
to promote or advertise the professional services of Charles Hartley where
he is not presently legally authorized to practice law or where such promotion
or advertisement would otherwise be illegal or unethical.
Use of this site does not create an attorney-client relationship
between Charles Hartley and the receiver. Users of this site should not
act upon any information received without seeking the advice of professional
counsel for their specific factual situation.
Mr. Hartley offers a "free initial consultation"
for prospective new clients. This allows both the attorney and the prospective
new client time to evaluate each other and the client's issues and objectives
before entering into a contract for professional services. This includes
one meeting or extended telephone conversation and whatever research Mr.
Hartley deems necessary to evaluate if there is a reasonable likelihood
he can ethically accomplish the client's proposed goals and objectives.
In cases involving complex issues this research may only be preliminary
to a more detailed review of the legal issues that are the basis of the
professional engagement.
Privacy Policy
The privacy of the visitors of this site is the highest
priority. This site does not collect any user identifiable information
except that explicitly provided by the user in the form of an e-mail.
E-mail addresses received in this manner are only used for direct communication
between Charles Hartley and the user and are not provided to third parties
except in such cases where the user and a third party may both be recipients
of the same e-mail message.
Data such as IP numbers and browser specifications from
visitors to the site is collected and used only for diagnostic purposes
and to administer the site. No effort is made to match this data to invidual
visitors. Charles Hartley does not sell or provide this data to any other
parties.
This site contains links to other
external web sites that do not fall within the hartley-law dot com
domain, but Charles Hartley has no control over and is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such external web sites.