http://www.queens.ac.uk/cookies-and-privacy
Home
What
About
Study
Life at Queen's
People
Library
News
Events
Contact
Search
Queen's VLE
Anglican Open Days
Find Us
We use cookies and similar technologies on this website to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. This policy explains how we do that.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognise your device the next time you visit. Web beacons or other similar files can also do the same thing. We use the term “cookies” in this policy to refer to all files that collect information in this way.
Cookies serve many functions cookies. For example, they can help us to remember your username and preferences, analyse how well our website is performing, or even allow us to recommend content we believe will be most relevant to you.
Certain cookies may record personal information – for example, if you click “Remember me” when logging in, a cookie will store your username. Most cookies won’t collect information that identifies you personally, and will instead allow us to collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our websites.
What sort of cookies does this website use?
Generally, our cookies perform up to four different functions:
1. Essential cookies These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided. Because some website features will not function without cookies of this type, they are designated as ‘strictly necessary’ and are exempted from the regulations which require your consent to place cookies on your device. 2. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors visit most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t record information that personally identifies a visitor. All information these cookies record is aggregated and anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. By using this website you agree we may place these types of cookies on your device, unless you have disabled them. 3. Functionality Cookies These cookies allow a website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, personalised features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies record may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. By using this website you agree we may place these types of cookies on your device, unless you have disabled them.Can a website user block cookies?
As we’ve explained above, cookies help you to get the most out of this website.
However, if you do wish to disable our cookies then please follow the instructions on www.aboutcookies.org. Please remember that if you do choose to disable cookies, you may find that certain sections of our website do not work properlyMore information
More detail on how businesses use cookies is available at www.aboutcookies.org.
If you have any queries regarding this Cookie Policy please us by e-mail at enquire@queens.ac.uk