http://www.longbeach.gov/privacy/
Extra Large
Large
Normal
Small
MENU
City Officials
Mayor
Robert Garcia
City Council
Mary Zendejas1st District
Jeannine Pearce2nd District
Suzie Price3rd District
Daryl Supernaw4th District
Stacy Mungo5th District
Dee Andrews6th District
Roberto Uranga7th District
Al Austin8th District
Rex Richardson9th District
Robert Garcia
562-570-6801
Send Email
Mary Zendejas
1st District
562-570-6919
Send Email
Jeannine Pearce
2nd District
562-570-2222
Send Email
Suzie Price
3rd District
562-570-6300
Send Email
Daryl Supernaw
4th District
562-570-4444
Send Email
Stacy Mungo
5th District
562-570-5555
Send Email
Dee Andrews
6th District
562-570-6816
Send Email
Roberto Uranga
7th District
562-570-7777
Send Email
Al Austin
8th District
562-570-6685
Send Email
Rex Richardson
9th District
562-570-6137
Send Email
Charles Parkin
City Attorney
562-570-2200
Send Email
Laura L. Doud
City Auditor
562-570-6751
Send Email
Doug Haubert
City Prosecutor
562-570-5600
Send Email
Tom Modica
City Manager
562-570-5091
Send Email
Monique DeLaGarza
City Clerk
562-570-6101
Send Email
City-Wide Elected Officials
Charles ParkinCity Attorney
Laura L. DoudCity Auditor
Doug HaubertCity Prosecutor
Appointed Officials
Tom ModicaCity Manager
Monique DeLaGarzaCity Clerk
Commissions and Committees
City Council Meetings & Agendas
Services
Online Payments
Utility Billing
Parking Citations
Business Licenses
Ambulance Services
Marina Payments
False Alarms
More »
Online Services
Code Enforcement
Report a Crime
Report a Pothole
Recreation Class Registration
Planning Forms
Planning Permits
More »
In-Person Services
Building Permits
Obtain a Birth Certificate
Obtain a Death Certificate
Voter Registration
Pet Licensing
Towing & Lien Sales
More »
Businesses
Opening a Business
Business License
Permit Center
Planning
Building
Health Forms
Planning & Building Forms
More »
Doing Business With The City
Register as a Vendor
Business Development
Fees & Charges
Financial Assistance
Bids/RFPs
Tobacco Permits
More »
Resources
Business Portal: BizPort
Workforce Development
Business Assistance
Commercial Improvement Rebate
Economic Development
Green Business
More »
Residents
Most Popular
DataLB
Parking
Alert Long Beach
Calendar/Agendas & Minutes
Who Do I Call?
Towing & Lien Sales
More »
Online Resources
Utility Services
GIS Mapping
GO Long Beach Apps
Garage Sale Permits
Preferential Parking Permits
Code Enforcement
More »
Visitors
Attractions
Aquarium of the Pacific
El Dorado Nature Center
Rainbow Harbor & Marina
Rancho Los Alamitos
Rancho Los Cerritos
More »
Business Associations
Belmont Shore
4th St. (Retro Row)
Bixby Knolls
East Anaheim (Zaferia)
Magnolia Industrial Group
Uptown
More »
Travel Resources
Convention Visitors Bureau
GIS Maps & Data
Long Beach Airport (LGB)
Long Beach Transit
Parking Services
More »
Departments
Departments
City Attorney
City Auditor
City Clerk
City Manager
City Prosecutor
Civil Service
Development Services
Disaster Preparedness
Economic Development
Energy Resources
Financial Management
Fire
Harbor
Health & Human Services
Human Resources
Library
Long Beach Airport (LGB)
Mayor & City Council
Parks, Recreation & Marine
Police
Public Works
Technology & Innovation
Water
Jobs
Job Opportunities
Current Openings
City Employees Only
Internships
Management Assistant Program
Volunteer Opportunities
Port of Long Beach
Water Department
Local Non-City Jobs
Information
Employee Benefits
Labor Relations
Job Descriptions and Compensation
Rules & Regulations
Contact Us
Privacy
Home »
Privacy
City of Long Beach Website Privacy Statement
Introduction
The City of Long Beach recognizes that technology has changed the nature and accessibility of government business information and the prospective use of that information. While committed to applying technology to improve access to information, we are strongly committed to protecting your online privacy. The purpose of this statement is to inform you about the types of information we gather when you visit our web site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, the security precautions we take to protect your privacy, and how to contact us if you have questions or concerns.
Collection of Information
We collect information that is used for analysis and statistical purposes that help us manage the City of Long Beach’s web site. Also, we collect information to assist us in delivering service and information to you. (1) Information collected for statistical purposes We automatically collect electronically generated information about your visit to our site, such as the date, type of browser used, and technical Internet protocol data. We collect this information about each user session from our use logs, and refer to it for statistical purposes. (2) Information provided when using our interactive forms and functions This information may include such things as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and other personal and business data, depending on that particular service you use. We collect only those data necessary to provide the service that you are requesting.
Use of Information
If you send us an e-mail message with a question or comment that contains personally identifying information, or fill out a form that transmits this information, we will only use the personally identifiable information to respond to your request and analyze trends. We may redirect your message to another government agency or person in a better position to answer your question. In order to provide you with the ability to receive directed e-mail information in which you have expressed an interest, it is necessary for the City of Long Beach to collect your e-mail address. This information is used only for e-mail distribution to the specific list or lists for which you have registered. By agreeing to use this service, you are granting us permission to send you periodic e-mails only about topics for which you registered. The City of Long Beach will use your e-mail address only for this permission based e-mail service.
Disclosure to Third Parties
As a government agency, the City of Long Beach is governed by public records laws. Any information that we receive through use of our web site is subject to the same provisions as information provided on paper. Otherwise, we do not share personal identifying information with any third party without your permission. We disclose only in aggregate form our statistical analyses or users’ demographics to third parties. This information is not reported or released to any outside parties unless we are legally required to do so in connection with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings. Further, we do not reveal any e-mail address information to third parties for independent use unless you specifically authorize us to do so.
Sale of Data
The City of Long Beach does not sell data for direct mail or advertising purposes.
Security
The City of Long Beach’s web servers contain state-of-the-art industry security precautions that prevent personal information from being stolen or tampered with. If you submit a credit-card number, that information will be protected by secure server software (SSL), which encrypts all information before being securely sent across the Internet. Also, we limit employee access to personally identifiable information to only those employees who need access to perform a specific job. All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Control of Personal Information
At any time while accessing our web site, any user while online may decline participation in any activity that asks for information ( e.g., survey, e-mail, e-commerce). Your choice not to participate will in no way affect your ability to use any other feature on our site. We also offer you the permanent option to unsubscribe from any and all e-mail lists maintained for our listserv service. Users may at any time choose to remove themselves from any list.
Children
No application on the City of Long Beach’s web site specifically solicits information from minors or seeks to determine whether the visitor is a minor. Consequently, visitors should be aware that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children online or by e-mail will be treated in the same manner as information given by an adult. This information may become a public record, and as such may be subject to public access. We ask that parents guide their children when children are asked to provide personal information online.
Translation
The City of Long Beach has added a translation feature powered by Google Translate to assist citizens in understanding information on this website in a variety of foreign languages. Please be aware that Google Translate, a free third party service which the City does not control, provides automated computer translations that may not give you an exact translation all the time.
Disclaimer
This site provides links to other sites. This privacy policy applies only to the City of Long Beach’s web site. When you link to any other web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. Visitors linking to another site are encouraged to examine the privacy statement of that site. While the City of Long Beach attempts to maintain current data throughout its website, we regret that this may not always be possible. Neither the City of Long Beach, nor any agency, officer, nor employee of the City of Long Beach warrants the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of any information published on this system, nor endorses or recommends any content, viewpoint, products, resources, or services linked from this system and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect, or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at his or her own risk.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or about the web site in general, you may e-mail the City of Long Beach web manager at webmaster@longbeach.gov
Do.
Pay Utility Bills
Get Licenses and Permits
Recycle. Reduce. Reuse.
Meetings Live
Discover.
Information Near You
DataLB
City Calendar
Meetings & Agendas
Connect.
Social Media
Mobile Apps
LinkLB
Speak Up LB
Ask.
Who Do I Call
Your City Officials
Privacy Policy
Social Media TC