https://www.furnalequinox.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy – Furnal Equinox
Skip to content
Search for:
Toronto's Furry Convention
News
Register
Furnal Equinox
Furnal Solstice
Code of Conduct
Info
Hotel
Travel
FAQ
Contact Us
Important Dates
Photos & Media
Things to do
Programming
Fursuiting
Dance Competition
Floor Wars
Masquerade
Dances
Lounge
Vendors
Dealers Den
Art Show
Artist Alley
About
About Furnal Equinox
Special Guests
Anyare – Guest of Honour
Dr. Wildlife – Guest of Honour
Volunteer With Us
Charity
Our Team
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Furnal Equinox Privacy Policy
Overview/Commitment
Anthropomorphic Events of Ontario, the operating entity of Furnal Equinox, acknowledges that the privacy of all our stakeholders, including convention attendees, supporters, staff and directors, is a priority. In accordance with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) of 2000, this document is presented as an explanation of our policies and practices with regards to personal information, as well as an explanation of the rights that you have with regards to said information. It is freely available on Furnal Equinox’s website at any time for your convenience.
Please note that any reference to “in writing” below is also inclusive of e-mail communications with us, but not verbal/intransitive communications.
Information Collected and Purposes of Collection
In the course of registration for Furnal Equinox, we collect personal information including your name, address, date of birth, telephone number, and e-mail address. (Online payment information is processed through a third party site; we do not collect your credit card number or banking information.)
This information is collected from attendees for the following purposes:
Verifying the identity of registered attendees of the convention
Informing attendees of upcoming events
Contacting attendees and/or parents and legal guardians in urgent circumstances
Sharing of information with our host hotel for verification of room bookings or investigating attendee disturbances
Conducting internal or external surveys of attendee demographics and satisfaction with our programming
Disclosure of information to other conventions or to law enforcement in case of perceived threat to persons or property
Information is collected from donors, directors and staff for the following purposes:
Properly accrediting and acknowledging any financial contributions made to the convention
Retaining contact with recurring donors
Reporting information on our Board members and activities to government as required
The collection of this personal information will only be limited to what is necessary for our purposes, and will only be collected by fair and lawful means with your knowledge and consent unless required by law. You may revoke your consent at any time by informing us in writing.
We will not use your information for any other purpose other than those stated above, or disclose your information to any third party except with your consent or if required by law.
Safeguards and Retention
We will act to ensure your personal information remains secure, including:
Physical restriction; including the keeping of records under lock and key
Organizational restriction; including the restriction of information handling to certain individuals
Technical restriction, including password protection and encryption
Personal information will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfill the identified purposes; when it is no longer required, said information will be destroyed.
Accuracy and Individual Access
We will strive to ensure that your personal information as used by us is accurate and up to date at all times. All individuals are welcome to either request the personal information we have on file for them, or request the amendment of incomplete or inaccurate personal information that we have on file for them. This can be done at any time by contacting us in writing.
Recourse
If you have any concerns about Anthropomorphic Events of Ontario’s privacy policy or their compliance therewith, or wish to exercise any of your rights set out in this document, you may contact our PIPEDA compliance officer at aeo@furnalequinox.com
and you will receive a prompt response to your request.
Copyright © 2019 Anthropomorphic Events of Ontario. Photos are copyright their respective owners. Need more information? Let us know bycontacting our teamSpecial thanks to all our photographers for their generously donated photography.
Twitter – Furnal Equinox
Facebook – Furnal Equinox
YouTube – Furnal Equinox