https://www.jimmylarche.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Jimmy Larche
Skip to content
Jimmy Larche
Menu
Home
About
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
How to Know God
Devotions
Latest Devotions
Advent Devotions
Daniel Series
Nehemiah Series
Ruth Series
Books
Speaking
Resources
Bible Study Tools
Weekly Devotional
Bible Curriculum
Youth Bible Studies
VBS Themes
Family Dinner Conversations
Thanksgiving Discussion Questions
New Year’s Evaluation Tool
Blog
Donate
Privacy Policy
Jimmy Larche Ministries is committed to respecting your online privacy and security. We have developed this Privacy Policy to ensure our web visitors that any information you provide will be protected.
How is Information Collected?
We collect personally identifiable information only when you voluntarily give it to us via email or other direct contact from you. When you subscribe to our newsletters, request any information or complete any forms through this website you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Do You Share the Information That You Collect?
Jimmy Larche Ministries is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us by email, filling out a web form or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or lease this information to any other persons or organizations.
We will use your information to reply to you about the reasons you have contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party beyond our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. We may contact you via email, unless you ask us not to, to inform you about events, news or services, or changes in this privacy policy.
Links
Our web site does contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. Users should be aware of this when they leave our site and read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you have any questions regarding the contents of this Privacy Policy, please call us at (423) 933-6986.
Search for:
Tweets7 Oct"There are three stages in the work of God: Impossible; Difficult; Done."
—Hudson Taylor4 OctWhat Is The Purpose of Your Strengths? https://mailchi.mp/484337d5da71/karate-strengths
#Leadership #SundayMorning #Inspiration #Devotion Load More...
Recent Posts
What Is The Purpose of Your Strengths?
The Weight of Worry
Beast Mode and The Prosperity of the Wicked
Whose Side Are You On Right Now?
Dealing With Your “Invisible Monsters”
What Biblical Leadership Looks Like
Build Your Kingdom Here and Opposition
Be Bold—And Mighty Forces Will Come
What Breaks Your Heart?
Resistance Training and Unanswered Prayers
Subscribe to the Devotional
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Submit
Partner With the Larche Tribe!
Partner with us to empower youth, children, and underserved communities with the life-changing message of Jesus Christ. Click here to get our monthly publication. Please indicate how we can correspond with you.
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Toujours by Automattic.