https://www.abs.gov.au/websitedbs/D3310114.nsf/home/privacy
Skip to main content
Search ABS
ABS Home
Privacy at the ABS
Privacy at the ABS
The ABS collects personal information for analysis and production of statistics, and to help manage and operate our business. Your information makes it possible for us to produce meaningful statistics that can tell the real story of Australia, its economy and its people. Your cooperation in our surveys is vital to ensure that people like you are properly represented in this story.
We only collect the information we need to do our business. We regularly review our processes to make sure the information we collect is protected in the best possible ways.
Privacy policies
We have two privacy policies:
ABS Privacy Policy for Statistical Information – how we handle your personal information for producing statistics.
ABS Privacy Policy for Managing and Operating our Business – how we handle your personal information for use in our business operations.
Privacy statements
We also have privacy statements that guide how we will handle personal information for specific projects:
2021 Census Privacy Statement
2016 Census Privacy Statement
MADIP Privacy Statement
ABS Recruitment Privacy Statement
Website Privacy Statement
Collection Notices
The ABS has two APP5 collection notices for the 2021 Census of Population and Housing: Collection Notices
Privacy Impact Assessments
We conduct Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs) to better understand the impact of our business activities on your privacy. This includes when we change how your personal information will be handled. PIAs help the ABS design processes and manage change to keep your information safe.
The Privacy Impact Assessment Register contains a list of our statistical PIAs.
ABS website security
The ABS uses secure HTTPS connections for all of its websites. HTTPS is used to secure and protect personal or identifiable information which may be entered by customers on our contact forms and survey account forms. Customers can enjoy the wealth of data and information provided by the ABS, secure in the knowledge that any personal information is protected.
Contact us
Our privacy policies outline how we respond to privacy queries and complaints, and explain how to access and correct your personal information.
Email: privacy@abs.gov.au
Phone: National Information Referral Service on 1300 135 070.
Post: Privacy Officer
Policy and Legislation Section
Australian Bureau of Statistics
Locked Bag 10
Belconnen ACT 2617
Please contact us for a hard copy of this policy
Back to top of the page
arrow-down
arrow-left
arrow-right
arrow-up
cav-down
cav-right
close
download
external-link
feedback
file
menu
search
sign-check
sign-info
sign-warning
social-facebook
social-instagram
social-twitter
triangle-down