https://www.uslegalforms.com/trusts/
Personal
Estate Planning
Back
Estate Planning
Wills
Living Trust
Living Will
Advanced Directive
Power of Attorney
Personal Planning Pack
Real Estate
Back
Real Estate
Home Sales
Landlord Tenant
Deeds
Leases
Agreements
More Real Estate
Prepared for You
Back
Prepared for You
Divorce
Last Will
Deeds
Divorce
Back
Divorce
All Divorce
Separation Agreements
More Areas
Back
More Areas
Affidavits
Bankruptcy
Bill of Sale
Cohabitation
Contractors
Contract for Deed
Promissory Notes
Premarital Agreements
Employment
Horses
Letter Templates
Marriage
Name Change
Pets
Waiver Forms
Small Estates
Forms A-Z
Most popular:
Form packages
Business
Starting My Business
Back
Starting My Business
Start an LLC
Incorporate (S or C-Corps)
Articles of Incorporation
Shareholders Agreements
LLC Operating Agreements
Managing My Business
Back
Managing My Business
Employment Forms
Independent Contractors
Confidentiality Agreements
Corporate Records
Annual Minutes
Corporate Voting
Board of Directors
Bylaws & Resolutions
Running My Business
Back
Running My Business
Corporate Amendments
Dissolution
Corporate Name Change
Contracts
Buy/Sell Agreements
Sale of Business
Small Business
Back
Small Business
Corporate Center
Small Business Packages
More Business Forms
Back
More Business Forms
Contractors
Construction Liens
Employment
Real Estate
Landlord Tenant
Contract for Deed
Public Corporations
Support
Pricing
Log in
US Legal Forms >
Legal Forms by Subject >
Trust Forms - Estate Planning
Trust Forms - Successor Trustee Form
Choose your State to view all trust forms. Or see Living Trusts.
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Wisconsin
West Virginia
Wyoming
Overview
Should You Avoid Probate With a Trust? Create A Land Trust
If you're wondering what is a living trust and do I need one, you need to understand its role in estate planning to gain important advantages from its use. You don't need to be rich to benefit from setting up a trust fund. Often, a trust instrument is used for avoiding probate, privacy, and/or asset protection. We'll examine the purposes and advantages of a trust below.
Read More...
Types of Trusts Trustee Certification Form
A testamentary trust is created in a will and takes effect when the grantor dies. A testamentary trust will be subject to court oversight during the probate process. A testamentary trust is often used to distribute after-acquired assets not identified in a will.
Living trust forms fall under two general categories - revocable trust and irrevocable trust. These categories can then be broken into further types, depending on their purpose, such as a charitable trust, special needs trust, Medicaid income trust, family trust, asset protection trust, etc. It's possible for the same person to be named as grantor, trustee, and beneficiary.
Irrevocable trust form - The creator of the trust, called the grantor, cannot terminate or change an irrevocable trust. By using an irrevocable trust form, the grantor will no longer be subject to taxes on it and will not include it as part of his/her taxable estate upon death. Creditors are less likely to be able to claim to assets are owned by the grantor.
Revocable living trust form - By being revocable, the grantor retains a degree of control over the assets. It is also sometimes called a grantor trust. A revocable trust provides less protection from attachment by creditors of the grantor.
Advantages of Trusts Trust Pdf
Privacy - A living trust offers a level of privacy because the assets are owned in the name of the trust. When you compare a living trust vs will, trust forms aren't required to be filed in court, and therefore, aren't a public record. During probate, the terms of a will become a public record.
Asset protection - A trust asset is owned by and in the name of the trust. In the case of an irrevocable trust, the grantor gives up ownership and control over the asset. Therefore, creditors of the grantor can't claim the asset as long as it's not fraudulently transferred to the trust. A spendthrift trust may also be used to prevent assets from mismanagement by a beneficiary. The trustee will oversee distributions to a beneficiary who may not be competent to handle the proceeds properly.
Avoiding probate - Property owned by a trust is distributed outside of probate. This way, the costs, efforts, and delay of probate proceedings can be avoided. This is especially advantageous when you own real property in more than one state, so that the cost and burden of multiple probate proceedings are eliminated.
Tax savings - Large estates with a significant estate tax liability can minimize taxes due through a properly drafted credit shelter trust.
Separation of assets - For a couple contemplating marriage, putting assets into a trust can prevent them from becoming community property.
Pet protection - Many states now have legal recognition for a pet trust, allowing your to ensure that your pets are properly cared for if something should prevent you from caring for them.
Preserving eligibility for benefits - A Medicaid income trust can be established at least five years prior to entering a nursing home to protect eligibility for Medicaid. For beneficiaries with disabilities, a special needs trust form can be used to receive gifts, inheritances, or settlements in lawsuits without being disqualified for disability benefits.
Related Topics Simple Trust
Irrevocable Trusts
Gold Award 2006-2018
BEST Legal Forms Company
11 Year Winner in all Categories:Forms, Features, Customer Serviceand Ease of Use.
Our Customers Believe! Trust Fund Forms
"You have an excellent service and I will be sure to pass the word."
×
BEST Legal Forms Company
TOP TEN REVIEWS WINNER - 9 YEARS STRAIGHT!
USLegal has been awarded the TopTenREVIEWS Gold Award 9 years in a row as the most comprehensive and helpful online legal forms services on the market today. TopTenReviews wrote "there is such an extensive range of documents covering so many topics that it is unlikely you would need to look anywhere else".
USLegal received the following as compared to 9 other form sites.
Forms 10/10, Features Set 10/10, Ease of Use 10/10, Customer Service 10/10.
Close