http://www.completelyfreedating.co.uk/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Menu
HOME
JOIN NOW
DATING SEARCH
DATING ADVICE
DATING GUIDES
BLOG
ABOUT
CONTACT
HELP
Privacy Policy
HomeTerms of servicePrivacy Policy
1.0 Our beliefs regarding user privacy and data protection
The following our Completely Free Publishing Ltd beliefs regarding user privacy and data protection:
Privacy and data protection are human rights.
We have a duty of care to people within our data.
Data is a liability, it should only be collected and processed when absolutely necessary.
We will never sell, lease or otherwise distribute or make public your personal information.
2.0 Relevant legislation
This website is design to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and privacy:
UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA)
EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)
EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)
By compliance with the above legislation, all of which are stringent, means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories. If you are unsure about whether this site is compliant with your own country of residence specific data protection and user privacy legislation, you should contact our data protection officer, details of whom can be found in section 10, for clarification.
3.0 Personal information that this website collects and why
This website collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:
3.1 Membership
To become a member of this site, COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK, and use the facilities we require certain pieces of information to enable us to create an account for you and to enable us to provide you with the online dating service you have requested from us.
The website collects personal information when you register for our service. This information is used to allow other users, whether registered or not, to find people they might be interested in dating. By registering for our service you give us permission to display your details on our website and in other electronic forms to other users that might be interested.
The website collects your email address during the registration process. Completely Free Dating will never display your email address to another user and will not sell, trade or give your email address to anyone unless compelled to do so by English law.
The website's servers automatically record information when you visit the website, including the URL requested, your IP address, browser type and the date and time of your request.
When you request to close your account, either using the option found in the 'Edit Profile' section or by sending an email to support@completelyfreedating.co.uk, your account will be closed and all data relating to your account, including all profile data, messages, photos and other information recorded, will be deleted from our servers 30 days after the account closed date. Some or all of this data might still exist in backups we or our service provider keeps for up to another 7 days. After this time, all your data will have been permanently removed from our and our service provider systems.
3.2 Site visitor tracking
This site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interactions. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use out web site and to see their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you. GA also records your internet connections IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor (see section 7 below).
GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides. Our website uses the analytics.js implementation of GA.
3.3 Advertisements
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on the site. Google's DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on visits to this site and other sites on the Internet. You can opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
4.0 How we store your personal information
No data collected during your use of the website is stored on our web server and is only stored by the third party data processors mentioned in section 7 below and detailed in section 3 above.
5.0 Cookies
COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK put small files (known as ‘cookies’) onto your computer/device to collect information about how you browse the site. This enables us to understand how the site is used and to make improvements.
Cookies are used to:
measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on your needs
remember the notifications you’ve seen so that we don’t show them to you again
COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK cookies aren’t used to identify you personally.
You’ll have seen a message on the site informing you that the site makes use of cookies the first time you visit the site and until such a time that you dismiss this notice. Once dismissed, you will not see this notice again unless you remove all the cookies COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK has set.
Find out more about how to manage cookies.
5.1 How cookies are used on COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK
The following section describes which cookies and how they are used on COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK.
5.1.1 Measuring website usage (Google Analytics)
We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK. We do this to help make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements.
Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit on COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK
how long you spend on each COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK page
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
We don’t collect or store your personal information (for example your name or address) so this information can’t be used to identify who you are.
We don’t allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
Google Analytics sets the following cookies:
Name
Purpose
Expires
_ga
This helps us count how many people visit COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK by tracking if you’ve visited before
2 years
_gid
This helps us count how many people visit COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK by tracking if you’ve visited before
24 hours
_gat
Used to manage the rate at which page view requests are made
10 minutes
You can opt out of Google Analytics cookies.
5.1.2 Cookie Notice
You may see a pop-up cookie notice message when you first visit COMPLETELYFREEDATING.CO.UK. We’ll store a cookie so that your computer knows you’ve seen it and knows not to show it again once you have dismissed the message.
Name
Purpose
Expires
cookieconsent_status
Saves a status to let us know that you’ve seen our cookie message
1 year
5.1.3 Functional Cookies
The website makes use some other “functional” cookies to ensure the services work, these are described in the table below.
Name
Purpose
Expires
mem_id
Your membership ID with the website.
1 year
mem_key
Your membership key with the website.
1 year
scrWidth
Current width of your browser viewport.
Session
AWSALB
Load balancer for “sticky” sessions.
1 day
6.0 About this website’s server
This website is hosted by Amazon Web Services (AWS) with an EU based data centre located in Dublin, Ireland. Details on AWS’s security can be found in the security section of the AWS website here.
7.0 Our third party data processor
We use only Google LLC (Privacy Policy) as a third party to process personal data on our behalf. They have been carefully chosen as they comply with the legislation set out in section 2.0.
Google is located outside the EU but are EU-U.S. Privacy Shield compliant.
8.0 Data breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of us becoming aware of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
9.0 Data Controller
The data controller of the website is: Completely Free Publishing Ltd, a UK Private Limited Company with company number 07550586.
Registered office is:
76 GLEBE LANE
BARMING
MAIDSTONE
KENT
ME16 9BD
10.0 Data Protection Officer
Mr Andrew Dixon
Technical Director, Completely Free Publishing Ltd
Email: andrew@completelyfreepublishing.co.uk
11.0 Change to our privacy policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time in line with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes. Specific policy changes and updates are mentioned in the changelog below.
11.1 Changelog
26/05/2018
Adding information about deleting of data for closed accounts, see last paragraph in section 3.1 above.
02/05/2018
Updated policy for GDPR implementation.
JOIN NOW
Dating Advice
When Dating Does Age Make a Difference?
Would you date someone considerably older or younger than you? Find out how to have a successful relationship when there is a significant age gap.
Get more Dating Advice