https://www.renewalcenter.org/privacy/
Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?We collect personal information from you when you fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to voluntarily provide your name, address, phone number, email address, insurance information, reason for inquiry, or other personal information. We or our business partners may also collect anonymous information, such as your IP address (a number used to identify your computer on the Internet), the type of browser you are using, or other anonymous information through the use of cookies or by other means. The purpose of collecting this anonymous information, we can analyze to make updates to the site to make it more user-friendly. We reserve the right to maintain, update, disclose or otherwise use anonymous information, without limitation.
What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
to process your requests; to administer and improve the site/related services
to notify you of our offerings, services, and products that maybe of interest to you
to provide internet security
to meet legal requirements.
We may work with associated businesses which may perform certain functions on our behalf, such as sending emails, managing data, processing credit card payments or providing services to users. These businesses have access to your information only to the extent necessary to perform these specific functions and may not use it for any other purpose. We may use third party advertising companies to place our ads on other web sites. If we are involved in the sale of a substantial portion of our business assets, anonymous or personal information may be among the transferred assets.
Email AdvertisingIn the event you do not wish to receive promotional email from us, opt-out/unsubscribe instructions are provided in the footer of any email messages you receive.
Do we use cookies?Yes, when you visit any Renewal site, Renewal or a third party may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file that can help us in many ways. (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Internet browser, if you allow, that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.)
For example, cookies allow us to tailor our sites to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of our sites could be limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of some of our website features.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Do we change this Policy?We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised version of the policy here, with an updated effective date. Accordingly, we urge you to frequently review the Privacy Policy. We will always apply the Privacy Policy under which your information was collected, unless we obtain your prior consent. By using the sites and providing us with your personally identifiable information, you consent to our use of such information as described in this Policy.
This policy was last modified on 01/01/2016.
Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the information below.
Renewal Counseling Center
100 Northbound Gratiot Ave.
Mount Clemens, MI 48043
info@renewalcenter.org
Type and Press “enter” to Search