https://www.barbeau.co/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting privacy is a concern for everyone. Barbeau Evans LLP and related parties and affiliates (“Barbeau Evans LLP” or “we”) are committed to keeping our clients’ information confidential, consistent with our obligations as professionals. This privacy policy extends to personal information of our clients and other individuals (“you”). This privacy policy has been designed to assist you in understanding the type of information we collect, how we use that information and the safeguards we have in place to protect that information and your privacy (the “Privacy Policy”).
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Personal information is any information about an identifiable individual or that permits an individual to be identified. Generally, personal information does not include your name, business address or business contact information, such as your business title, email address or phone numbers, which you provide to us for business purposes. Barbeau Evans LLP generally collects personal information that you voluntarily provide, but we may collect information from third parties and as agents on behalf of our clients where we or they have obtained the requisite consent, or as otherwise permitted or required by law. We may also collect information through our website, although that information is typically restricted to your name and email address.
We will obtain your consent prior to collecting, using or disclosing personal information for any purpose, except where otherwise permitted or required by law. Consent may be provided orally or in writing or may be implied, such as where you continue to provide personal information to us in the context of our ongoing relationship, or where you provide members of Barbeau Evans LLP with non-business contact information in connection with our service offerings. This includes providing personal information to Barbeau Evans LLP in the course of our representing you in legal matters, which may subsequently require disclosure. By providing personal information to Barbeau Evans LLP, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted or required by law. To the extent that you provide personal information of another individual to Barbeau Evans LLP, you represent that you have the necessary consent or authority to permit us to collect, use and disclose such personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Barbeau Evans LLP collects, uses and discloses personal information primarily to provide advice and legal and other services to clients and prospective clients, for administrative and relationship management purposes (including to develop and manage our knowledge management systems, and to market and deliver Barbeau Evans LLP services) and as otherwise permitted or required by law. We may from time to time use third party service providers to perform certain functions for us, such as office services and data processing. In these circumstances, such third party service providers are contractually bound to safeguard the personal information transferred to them with measures comparable to that provided by us and described in this Privacy Policy and not to retain, use or disclose personal information transferred to them for any purpose other than the provision of services to Barbeau Evans LLP. Personal information supplied to Barbeau Evans LLP is confidential and we do not distribute such information to any third party except with your consent or as permitted or required by law. Barbeau Evans LLP does not sell personal information.
Barbeau Evans LLP only keeps personal information as long as it is required for the reasons it was collected or to comply with law or professional standards. We have procedures dealing with the destruction or deletion of personal information no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected.
Security
Your personal information is treated as private, confidential information by Barbeau Evans LLP and we strive to ensure that your personal information, regardless of format, is protected and kept secure at all times. Most methods of communication are not fully secure and security measures may create challenges to the efficient exchange of information. Email is often our preferred method of communication and unless you object we usually use unencrypted plain text emails when communicating with you.
Our Website
The only information we collect through our website is the information voluntarily supplied by you if you contact Barbeau Evans LLPthrough the website. This information is typically restricted to your name and e-mail address. We do not employ any electronic means to automatically collect personal information from any visitor or user of our site or from their computers.
Our website contains links to other websites which may collect your personal information. Barbeau Evans LLP does not assume any responsibility for the privacy practices, policies or actions of the third parties operating these websites. You should read the privacy policies of these websites and make an informed decision whether or not to provide your personal information to the websites’ operators.
Accessing Your personal information
In providing any personal information to Barbeau Evans LLP, whether through the website or otherwise, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You have the right to verify and amend your personal information collected by us. You are also free at all times to withdraw your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. You have rights to access your personal information. These rights are not absolute; however if we deny your request for access, we will provide reasons for doing so. If you wish to access, verify and/or amend your personal information or to address other matters related to this under this privacy policy, please contact:
Paul S.O. Barbeau
paul@barbeau.co
1510 – 999 West Hastings Street
Vancouver, British Columbia
V6C 2W2, Canada
Barbeau Evans LLP reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy from time to time and we encourage you to refer back to this policy regularly.
Legal Notice
The material contained in this website is intended to provide general information and comment.  It is not legal advice and it should not be relied upon as legal advice. Any information sent to Barbeau Evans LLP by email through this website is not confidential and does not constitute or create a lawyer-client relationship. Barbeau Evans LLP does not necessarily endorse material on any website accessible through links from this website.
All material on this site is subject to copyright and may not be reproduced in any form for commercial purposes without the express written consent of Barbeau Evans LLP. Anyone seeking to link to this site from any external website must seek the consent of Barbeau Evans LLPby sending us an email.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the material contained on this website, please contact:
Paul S.O. Barbeau
Barbeau Evans LLP
1510 – 999 West Hastings Street
Vancouver, British Columbia
V6C 2W2, Canada
paul@barbeau.co
Barbeau Evans LLP reserves the right to modify or amend this Legal Notice from time to time.
Home
News
Our Team
Services
×