https://www.elizabethfry.com/privacy-policy/
Close Navigation Home
We Can Help
Programs & Services
Upcoming Events
Resources
About
Guiding Principles
Leadership
News & Publications
Work with Us
Job Opportunities
Volunteer
Membership
Blog
Donate
Ways to Donate
Donate Now
Donor Wall
Contact
Contact
Grievance Policy
Privacy Policy
Staff Login
Facebook
Twitter
Management of Private Information
EFry staff manage confidential information regarding the lives of others. We defined “confidential information” as any and all business information known by employees through their employment with EFry. This includes, but is not limited to, information about Society clients, administrative information, personnel (staff and volunteers) and financial matters (including donor information), and the processes and procedures followed by EFry.
No information regarding clients or donors is exchanged, shared, or otherwise provided to others without express written consent to release information.
Access to information is limited to persons who have the appropriate reliability screening or security clearance and who have a need-to-know. Site locations must have written precautions to be taken to ensure that persons who are not cleared and who may be in the proximity of information do not gain access to this information.
Staff protect confidential information by ensuring compliance with all applicable legal requirements. All written information and all discussions of Confidential Information must be managed in accordance with EFry policy.
EFry stores confidential information in secured locked location; and within locked cabinets inaccessible to unauthorized personnel. EFry maintains the security of computing resources including through safeguarding sensitive positions or locations and maintaining current awareness and training of computer technology security (e.g., passwords, virus protection, backups).Electronic information is held on Canadian Servers. Financial information is encrypted.
Management of Client Privacy
Privacy is an important consideration for clients receiving service. All program locations have posted copies of the rules and requirements inclusive any restrictions in privacy. Clients sign a copy of the rules and complete an Informed Consent as to the rule and any restrictions on privacy before their entry into a program.
A copy of each program’s rules and client requirements is available upon request by anyone.
Contact Us
TOLL FREE – CANADA & USA
1-888-879-9593
Phone: 604-520-1166
Email: admin@elizabethfry.com
402 E. Columbia St,
New Westminster, BC, V3L 3X1
Opportunities With Efry
Work with Us
Follow Us
FacebookTwitter
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
First NameLast NameEmail
Back to Top