http://www.top-law-schools.com/terms.html
Rankings and Profiles
Dean Interviews
LSAT Preparation
Terms of Service
1. Your Agreement
Thanks for visiting Top-Law-Schools.com ("TLS"). Your continued use of TLS signifies your agreement to these terms and conditions of service ("Terms of Service") found at http://www.top-law-schools.com/terms.html. These Terms of Service apply to all visitors to TLS as well as all users who submit content to TLS. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, then please do not use TLS. TLS is owned by Top Law Schools LLC ("us", "our", "we"), a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Florida, and we reserve the right to modify these Terms of Service. The most up-to-date version of the Terms of Service can be found at the URL found above.
2. Content You Read
It is impracticable for us to review all content submitted to TLS, and in your use of TLS you may be exposed to content that is inaccurate or offensive. You agree that all content appearing on TLS is provided to you "as is" without any warranty of any kind. You understand that your use of TLS is at your own risk.
While using TLS you may see links to third-party websites that we do not own or control. We do not review or monitor every link that appears on TLS, and we assume no responsibility for the content or practices of any third-party website. Your use of any third-party website linked to from TLS is at your own risk.
You understand that views and opinions expressed by content displayed on TLS are not necessarily those of Top Law Schools LLC, its Members, Managers, Officers, Employees, Subcontractors, or Volunteers.
3. Content You Submit
You shall be solely responsible for the content you submit to TLS. You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-oriented or any other material that may violate any applicable laws. In particular, you agree not post content that infringes upon copyrights or intellectual property rights of others. You are advised to keep your password secure and to notify us of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your forum or wiki account.
You understand that when contributing content to the TLS forums or the TLS wiki you give other TLS users permission to quote, edit, alter or remove your content within the TLS forums and TLS wiki. If you do not want your content quoted, edited, or altered by other users on TLS then do not submit content to TLS.
You retain ownership rights to the content you submit to TLS; however, by contributing content to TLS you give us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, and display the content you contributed. If you do not want us to use your content in the manner we see fit, then do not contribute content to TLS.
You understand that we reserve the right to remove, edit, move, lock, restore, or protect any content submitted to TLS at any time for any reason at our sole discretion.
Although email addresses, passwords, private messages, and anonymous posters’ usernames are designed not to be disclosed to the public, you understand that we do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any content you submit to TLS. Additional information about privacy can be found in our Privacy Policy below.
You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to submit content to TLS.
4. Moderators
You understand that the TLS forum and TLS wiki moderators are volunteers and that they are not employees, agents, or representatives of Top Law Schools LLC. Moderators are regular users who have volunteered to accept the responsibility of certain forum and wiki permissions such as the ability to delete posts, ban users, and ban IP addresses for the purpose of keeping the TLS forums and TLS wiki free from undesirable content such as spam. Like regular users, the views and opinions expressed by moderators are their own and they are solely responsible for the content they submit on TLS. If you feel a moderator is acting inappropriately, then please contact us directly through the contact link which can be found in the footer of this page as well as in the footer of almost every page on this website.
5. Copyright Policy
A copy of this Copyright Policy information below is also on the Copyright Policy page found at http://www.top-law-schools.com/copyright-notice.html.
Top-Law-Schools.com ("TLS") respects U.S. intellectual property laws, and prohibits the posting of materials that infringe the intellectual property rights of others. TLS shall terminate the user account(s) of repeat infringers of U.S. copyright law.
TLS has a policy to respond to conforming notices of alleged copyright infringement as provided for by the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Regardless of whether TLS is liable for any alleged copyright infringement under any local, state, or U.S. law, we may remove material that is the subject of such a notice and follow the DMCA's counter-notification procedure. Any notice of alleged copyright infringement must be consistent in form with that suggested by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
DMCA Designated Agent:
Vijay RathodJuriscape20 S Altadena Dr, Suite 102Pasadena, CA 91107Phone: 6262431800Email: rathodv@er.orgdmca@top-law-schools.com
Please note that someone materially misrepresenting that copyright infringement is taking place on TLS may be ordered to pay costs and attorneys fees.
6. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is for Top-Law-Schools.com ("TLS") which is owned by Top Law Schools LLC ("us", "our", "we"), a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Florida. This Privacy Policy can be found at http://www.top-law-schools.com/privacy.html as well as within the Terms of Service found at http://www.top-law-schools.com/terms.html which were last updated on July 20, 2018. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy, and the most up-to-date version can be found through the above links.
In this privacy policy we describe the information we collect, how we use that information, and details about who we share information with.
Email address: In order to register to submit content to TLS you need to provide us with an email address. We send you a verification email to verify that the email address you provided belongs to you. We use your email address to provide you with the option of receiving notifications to give you a better experience when using the TLS forums or TLS wiki. We do not sell or rent your email address to any third party. If we ever decide to send you promotional emails, we will provide a clear way for you to opt-in or opt-out of receiving promotional emails.
IP addresses: Your IP address can reveal information about your location because it can reveal information about the location of the Internet Service Provider you use to access the Internet. We collect your IP address when you submit content to TLS, and we use this information to help prevent undesirable users, such as spammers, from posting content on TLS. With every forum registration we query the stopforumspam.com database to see if the registering IP address has been used in the past by spammers. Also, to help us prevent undesirable users from posting content on TLS, we share your IP address(es) with the moderators with the requirement that moderators agree not to disclose information such as IP address without an appropriate reason, such as a moderator being required to do so by law.
Server logs: With each page view our server automatically collects standard log file information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, and search terms. We use this information to manage the server that hosts TLS.
Cookies: Like most websites, some parts of our website use cookies, which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to provide a better user experience such as by remembering which forum and wiki user account you browser is logged into. You have options to manage cookies. For example, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookies. However, please keep in mind that some aspects of TLS and other websites may not function properly without cookies enabled. There may also be third-party cookies sent while you are using TLS which are discussed in the "third-party embed codes" section below.
Third-party embed codes: On TLS we have embedded code from various third parties such as Google Adsense, Google Double Click for Publishers, Google Analytics, and Amazon Associates. The purpose of us placing third-party code on TLS is to serve relevant advertisements to our visitors and to help us understand how our visitors as a whole use TLS. With the third-party embed codes placed on TLS these third parties can do things such as collect information directly from you like your IP address, send/recognize cookies and anonymous identifiers to/from your device, access device specific information, and use a cookie that collects anonymous traffic data. This enables the third parties to do things such as show you advertisements while on TLS based on previous visits you may have made to other websites.
Email correspondence: Your email correspondence with us is kept private. However, for email correspondence related to forum bans and other forum related issues, such as a feature request, we may share certain applicable portions of your email within a private forum to seek the advice and input of the moderators.
Private message feature: The content of your private messages is designed to only be shared with your intended recipient. However, we reserve the right to investigate private messages sent by certain individuals to prevent abuse of the private messaging system. Private messages are not shared with the moderators unless the sender or recipient uses the feature to report a private message.
Anonymous post feature: The content of your anonymous posts is shared with the public but the identity of the user who submitted the post is kept hidden from the public. However, this author identity information is made known to the moderators for the purpose of preventing abuse of the anonymous post feature.
Linking wiki/forum accounts: Each wiki account is associated with a particular forum account, and this information is designed not to be shared with the public unless you select a wiki username that is the same as your forum username. However, associations between wiki and forum accounts are made known to the moderators for the purposes of preventing undesirable users from posting content on TLS.
Forced disclosure: The private information we gather from you may be disclosed to judicial or other government agencies subject to warrants, subpoenas, or other governmental orders.
Public information: Unless specifically mentioned above, all other information you submit to TLS is public information. Once the information becomes public it may no longer be possible for you to remove it. In the past we have helped some people who made the mistake of publicly revealing too much information about themselves, but we have also declined requests to scrub public information from TLS, so please consider carefully the future consequences of all content you submit to TLS.
How to contact us: In the footer of almost every page on this site, including this page, is a link to our contact page which provides information on how to contact us. Our mailing address is: 20 S Altadena Dr, Suite 102, Pasadena, CA 91107.
Other information: We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. However, like many websites, TLS uses the standard http protocol and not secure https protocol, which means there is no SSL encryption on the information you send to and receive from TLS.
7. Warranty Disclaimer
You agree that your use of TLS shall be at your sole risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Top Law Schools LLC, its Members, Managers, Officers, Employees, Subcontractors, and Volunteers disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with TLS. In particular, Top Law Schools LLC makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy of content appearing on TLS.
8. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Top Law Schools LLC, its Members, Managers, Officers, Employees, Subcontractors, or Volunteers be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever from any content, security breech, or loss of data. You specifically acknowledge that Top Law Schools LLC shall not be liable for defamatory or illegal conduct of any third party and that the consequences of content a user submits to TLS rest entirely with the user.
9. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Top Law Schools LLC, its Members, Managers, Officers, Employees, Subcontractors, and Volunteers from any and all claims, losses, damages, and liabilities resulting from your use of TLS.
10. General
You agree that TLS shall be deemed solely based in Florida and that these Terms of Service shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida. If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed invalid, then the remaining Terms of Service shall still be valid and remain in full force and effect. The failure of Top Law Schools LLC to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Service were last updated on July 20, 2018.
Site Search
TLS home
Law School Admissions
Law Schools
Law Students
TLS forums
TLS wiki
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Contact
Career Coaching
© Top Law Schools LLC 2003-2020 all rights reserved