https://www.emcresearch.com/privacy-policy/
EMC Research Privacy Policy
Thank you for taking part in our research project.
1. We promise to protect your privacy and treat the personal contact information you give us as confidential.
2. The information you provide will be used only for research purposes.
3. We will not release your personal contact information to any third party without your consent.
4. We will never try to sell you anything and we will never sell your personal data to anyone. That is not our business. We are not telemarketers or direct marketers. We are market researchers interested only in your opinions and behavior.
5. Your decisions about participating in a study, responding to specific questions, or discontinuing participation will be respected without question.
Your privacy is important to us
Market, survey and opinion research serves an important function in society. Businesses and governments make better decisions through survey research. As a survey participant, your opinions help companies develop new products, make existing ones better, and improve customer service. Political organizations and governments also rely on survey research to advance laws and policies that the public wants or needs.
When you participate in research conducted by our firm, you can be assured that we will protect your privacy. Occasionally, we may re-contact you to validate your responses. We will never misrepresent ourselves or what we are doing.
EMC Research belongs to the Insights Association (www.insightsassociation.org) and the American Association for Public Opinion Researchers (www.aapor.org), which helps to define the research profession through the development of professional standards and best practices.
If you have any privacy questions or concerns, please contact our Privacy Officer via e-mail at ian@emcresearch.com or by mail at 436 14th Street, Suite 820 Oakland CA 94612.
Privacy Policy
Date created: March 20, 2014
1. The information that we collect
When our firm conduct research, our invitations and questionnaires clearly identify and explain the purpose(s) of our contact.
When we contact you, we generally do so for one of the following purposes:
• To invite you to participate in survey research;
• To conduct a survey research interview with you;
• To validate answers you gave in a recent survey we conducted;
• To update and to ensure that our records of your personal information are correct. (applicable only to panels).
Occasionally, we may contact you for one of these other purposes:
• To notify you if you have won a prize draw that we sponsored (if a relevant incentive);
• To ask for your permission to use your personal information for a purpose that was not explained to you when we first collected your personal information.
When you participate in our research, we may ask you for your personal opinions, as well as demographic information, such as your age and household composition. You may refuse to answer certain questions or discontinue participation in a study at any time. If you join a panel, you may rescind your membership at any time by following the opt-out instructions that we include in every e-mail that we send.
We never knowingly invite children under the age of 18 to participate in research studies without taking measures to ensure appropriate parental consent.
2. Confidentiality of survey responses and contact information
We combine your survey responses in a given survey with the responses of all others who participate and report those combined responses to the client that commissioned the study. We will never intentionally report individually identifying information from your survey responses, except as described below.
In addition to keeping all individually identifying information from your survey responses confidential, we will never sell, share, rent or otherwise intentionally transfer your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address to our clients, other market research companies, direct marketing companies or anyone else.
The only exceptions when we may disclose your personal information or survey responses to third parties are as follows:
• You request or consent to sharing your identifying information and individual responses with the third parties for a specified purpose;
• We provide your responses to a third party who is contractually bound to keep the information disclosed confidential and use it only for research or statistical purposes;
• In the rare but possible circumstance that the information is subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders or for similar legal or regulatory requirements.
3. Security of personal information
We inform our employees about our policies and procedures regarding confidentiality, security and privacy, and we emphasize the importance of complying with them. Our security procedures are consistent with generally accepted commercial standards used to protect personal information.
We may transfer personal information to affiliated companies or non-affiliated service providers for research-related purposes, such as data processing, and fulfilment of prize draws or other incentives. We require these companies to safeguard all personal information in a way that is consistent with our firm’s measures and as regulated by law. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
4. Notification of material changes to this policy
If we make a material change to this policy or our privacy practices, we will post a prominent notice on this site. Following the implementation of the material change, we will record at the introduction of this policy when the policy was last revised.
5. How to contact us
Questions regarding this policy, complaints about our practices and access requests should be directed to the EMC Research Privacy Officer via e-mail at ian@emcresearch.com or by mail at 436 14th Street, Suite 820 Oakland CA 94612.
6. U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework
EMC Research complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. EMC Research has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view EMC Research’s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/
NOT SUREWHERE TO START?
We can help.
FIND YOUR ANSWERS