http://www.welcomehallmission.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
1. What information do we collect and how do we use it?
Online Donations
As a non-profit organization, Welcome Hall Mission keeps a record of the information you provide when you make a donation online (name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number). The information you provide is used to process your online transactions and remains completely private.
Welcome Hall Mission respects the right to privacy of its donors and holds all personal information strictly confidential. Your information, whether public or private, will never be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested, i.e processing your online donation.
We limit access to your personal information to employees who require this information to provide you with a receipt for your donation and with information about Welcome Hall Mission. Credit card information is destroyed after use.
Email Subscription List
When you subscribe to our email list you will receive Welcome Hall Mission’s e-bulletin on a periodic basis. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe, you can do so by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
2. How do we protect your information?
When a donation is given online, your personal information is encrypted then transferred to our database, which is password protected for security reasons and remains confidential.
We maintain a variety of security measures to ensure the safety of your personal information. We use a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) 128-bit encryption technology. Our provider’s database, Payment Gateway, is only accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, who are required to keep the information confidential.
An official receipt for income tax purposes will be given for gifts of $20.00 or more.
Contact Us
If you have any further questions regarding Welcome Hall Mission’s privacy policy, please contact us.
Contact Us