http://www.speeddater.co.uk/sd-news/terms_and_conditions&s=s
TERMS OF USE
IMPORTANT INTRODUCTION TO OUR TERMS OF USE
These terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it, including our privacy policy) set forth a binding agreement (“Agreement”) between you and Us, under which you may use this site and associated services offered through this site or application (together the "Services").
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the Services.
By using the Site and/or booking to attend an event, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and our privacy policy) and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use and our privacy policy, or you are under 18 years of age, please do not use the Site or attempt to book an event.
Upon our request you agree to sign a non-electronic version of this Agreement.
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO AMEND THESE TERMS AND ANY DOCUMENT REFERRED TO AT ANY TIME. YOU ARE EXPECTED TO CHECK THIS PAGE AND ITS LINKED PAGES FROM TIME TO TIME TO TAKE NOTICE OF ANY CHANGES WE MAKE AS THEY ARE BINDING ON YOU. SOME OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF USE MAY ALSO BE SUPERSEDED BY PROVISIONS OR NOTICES PUBLISHED ELSEWHERE ON OUR SITE.
The website and dating business, trading as SpeedDater, is operated exclusively under license by NSI (Holdings) Ltd, a company registered in England having company number 5236118, having its registered address at NSI (Holdings) Limited, 2 Angel Square, EC1V 1NY, London.
You are entering into this agreement with NSI (Holdings) Limited., and these Terms are separated into sections as follows: (A) terms applicable to our events, (B) terms applicable to our online subscription service, and (C) general legal disclaimers and provisions applicable to all services on and offline.
A. EVENTS
A.1. MINIMUM ATTENTENCE NUMBERS, LATE ARRIVALS and VENUE RULES
(a) We guarantee a minimum of 8 dates at any regular speed dating event. If you meet less than 8 people at any one event, you will be offered a complimentary ticket to another speed dating event. If the price of another event higher you will need to pay the difference. No refunds will be granted. Our host has the discretion to call an event off in extreme circumstances when an event is not viable. If you choose to leave an event which goes ahead as planned you are not eligible for a refund or rebook regardless of the circumstances.
(b) Some social events such as wine tasting, walks, bowling, rock climbing etc require a minimum of 12 guests to go ahead. If the minimum is not met you will be offered a half price ticket to another social event, or a free ticket to a regular speed dating event or party.
(c) While we aim to have a 50/50 gender split at every event, this is not guaranteed and may not always be possible due to no shows etc. At regular speed dating events, if the there is a difference of more than 5 guests, you will be offered a complimentary ticket to another event of the same value. At the large parties, a minimum of 40/60 will be achieved in the gender balance. If this is not reached you will be offered a complimentary ticket to another party. No refunds will be issued for imbalanced numbers due to the unpredictability of 'no shows'.
(d) If you arrive late for an event, entry will not be guaranteed, and all late arrivals will be permitted to join the event at the host’s discretion.
If you are late, and admittance is denied by the host who will act reasonably and in the best interest of the group of attendees as a whole, you are not eligible for any credit or refund.
We consider a late arrival to mean any attendee who arrives later than 10 minutes prior to the event’s listed start time.
Attendance on time is essential to allow you to sign in and get a drink before the event starts.
(e) Venues have their own requirements such as dress code and ID checks. Booking an event is no guarantee that a venue will allow you to enter the premises if you are in breach of any venue code of conduct, dress code, or fail to provide ID if so requested by the venue.
Guests are encouraged to check venue websites directly for accuracy. As a general rule we recommend smart/casual attire. Do not wear sneakers/tracksuits or football colours.
Many venues operate a 'no ID, no entry policy'. This is not to verify ages but as a general security policy, particularly with venues operating a late licence. This means that we ask all guests to bring ID. This applies whether you look 20 or 60! Please follow venue guidelines and if you are turned away from a venue for not being able to provide ID or are dressed in appropriate attire, no refunds/credits will be issued.
A.2. COSTS OF EVENTS & OUR EVENT GUARANTEE
(a) As part of your membership we will inform you through our Services about our events.
(b) The price of attending an event will be confirmed on our site at the time of booking.
(c) Any special offers are limited to 1 offer per purchase. It is therefore not possible to use a discount code on an already discounted event, or, use the 5th ticket free offer in conjuction with a 2 for 1 deal. Please note, that we do not provide refunds for tickets purchased with any kind of discount (promo code discount, early bird price etc.).
(d) Notwithstanding the other provisions of these terms, the Speeddater guarantee and any reference in these terms to “guarantee”, only apply to attendees who pay the full advertised ticket price to attend an event without using any discount codes. If you’ve used a discount code to attend an event, this guarantee will not apply to you. SpeedDater guarantees that you will meet someone you would like to see again at each PAID speed dating event. If you do not meet someone you would like to see again you can come to another speed dating event free of charge. Activity events and parties are not eligible for guarantee activation, the offer is on speed dating events only.
(e) The guarantee only offers free tickets to events you have not already booked for. We will not refund tickets already booked for future events under the guarantee. If you tick anyone you have met at an event you have indicated that you would like to see someone again and therefore do not qualify for a free ticket to a future event.
(f) If you are using the guarantee on a ticket that you bought for a discounted price, you must pay the balance when claiming the guarantee. For example, if you purchase a ticket for the discounted price of £14.95 and then wish to claim a guarantee and use it on an event which is £23.95, you must pay the £9. If you wanted to book another event which was £14.95 that would be no problem.
(g) The guarantee is also limited to one free ticket per paid for ticket. The guarantee may not be rolled over. If you claim your guarantee and then do not tick anyone again at your free event, you may not claim another guarantee.
(h) To qualify for a free ticket under the guarantee you must take part in the whole event. If you arrive late, leave early or choose not to take part you do not qualify.
(i) The SpeedDater guarantee does not apply to special bigger ticket events such as days and evenings out (punting, walks, wine tasting, cooking classes, ping pong, comedy nights, bowling etc) or to SpeedDater Lock and Key Parties or SpeedDater Balls. Guarantees may not be used to book these special events at all and it is not possible to pay the difference in price.
(j) For Elite and Super Elite events, the value of the guarantee is limited to a ticket to a normal speed dating event (i.e. not exceeding £23.95). If purchasing a ticket to an Elite or Super elite event with a guarantee, you must pay the difference in price. So if you book an elite event for £44.95, you will still need to pay a £21 for the next elite event: £44.95 - £23.95 max value = £21. The speed dating is free, the food/drink is not. Regardless of discounts on the elite event, a minimum of £21 will always be charged to cover the food/drink order.
(k) If you are seen to be handing out business cards, exchanging contact details or sending site messages to event members, this suggests you do wish to see members again. Such acts will forfeit an activated guarantee.
(l) Note that this guarantee does not apply to complimentary tickets; if you attend an event as a recipient of a complimentary ticket, the guarantee will not apply to you on that occasion.
(m) The guarantee is valid for three (3) months from the date of the original event.
A.3. EVENT CANCELLATION
(a) When you book an event you must supply a daytime telephone number or mobile phone number.
Your booking is considered to be confirmed when payment has been processed and shows as such on your confirmation screen during the booking process.
You should print this page for your records.
A copy of your booking confirmation will usually be sent by email for your records, although this is sometimes caught by email filters, or for any other reason, delayed/not sent on our behalf, therefore it is essential that you do not rely on the booking confirmation email as proof of your booking.
(b) If you want to change the event you attend, provided you let us know a minimum of seven working days before the event, we will move you to another event free of charge or refund you less a £7 per ticket administration charge. Between 1 and 5 working days before an event no refunds are possible, however, we will move you to another event for a £5 per ticket administration fee.
(c) If you let us know less than 24 hours before an event you can send a friend (of the same gender and within the event age range if any applies to your event) in your place for no additional charge. We cannot move you to another event with less than 1 working day's notice. However, do please let us know if you are unable to attend, for whatever reason, as imbalanced numbers spoil our events for other people attending.
(d) For logistical reasons we are not able to refund any New Years Eve tickets (with or without hotel accommodation) although you can send someone in your place provided you contact us at least 24 hours in advance.
(e) To move to a different event or send a friend in your place please call us during office hours (10am-6pm Monday to Friday) on 0131 608 0066 (local call rate). All requests for refunds must be in writing. In such circumstances, when you cancel, refunds are granted entirely at our discretion, there is no legal requirement for us to issue refunds in the event that you change your mind or you cancel your attendance.
(f) Each of our events are based on a minimum number of attendees and we reserve the right to cancel an event if such numbers are not reached. You will then have the choice of booking an alternative event with us at the appropriate additional cost or reduction (depending on the cost of the event), or a full refund. You will be informed of the cancellation by email and sms using the contact details that you provide when you book an event. It is the member’s responsibility to provide correct contact info. No third party costs will be covered if a member turns up to a cancelled event. This includes but is not limited to; travel costs, accommodation, child care costs. Refunds are issued via the original method of payment – for example if you paid by credit card, funds will be refunded onto that same credit card. Refunds will typically take 3-10 working days for the refund amount to hit you.
(g) If your event is cancelled and you choose to rebook another event with us, normal T&Cs will apply for this new booking. This means if you wish to cancel your place later on, we require a minimum of 24 hours to move you to another event with a £5 rebook fee. More than 5 days’ notice is required to request a refund.
(h) Cancellation may be necessary in exceptional circumstances and we reserve the right in our absolute discretion to cancel your event. If this occurs: (i) we will use reasonable endeavours to contact you, but will not be liable for any transportation or other costs incurred by people who arrive at a cancelled event; (ii) you will be offered an alternative event of comparable standard (if available) together with a refund of any price difference or a full and prompt refund of all monies you have paid. Circumstances outside of our control include but are not limited to war, threat of war, riot, civil strife, industrial dispute, terrorist activity, natural or nuclear disaster, fire or adverse weather conditions. If cancellation or curtailment of your event occurs as a result of circumstances beyond our control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even with all due care, we will not pay any compensation, nor be responsible for any costs or expenses incurred by you as a result.
A.4. PROMOTIONAL MATERIALS
We reserve the right to invite media to attend events or to take our own promotional photographs, videos and other media at events.
By attending an event you grant to us a world wide royalty free, sub-licensable, perpetual licence to use, distribute, broadcast, adapt, modify your image or any likeness to your image for any commercial purpose.
All rights in such media will vest in the creator and you waive all intellectual property rights or moral rights arising from use of your image or likeness.
A.5. MEETING NEW PEOPLE AT OUR EVENTS
(a) As a registered participant of an event you understand that we offer an opportunity for meeting new people but cannot guarantee that any participant will successfully match with another participant. We also do not guarantee that any successful match between two participants at one of our events will lead to a successful date subsequently.
(b) We aim to give single people a chance to meet one another in a safe and relaxed environment. However, we are not a matchmaking service and do not verify the personal details of those participating in our events.
(c) You are advised to choose your event category carefully and should always be aware that we do not conduct any form of background checks on any attendee, including but not limited to any form of verification of a person’s identity, profession, education, marital status or criminal background.
Therefore, if you attend a graduate professionals event, you must satisfy yourself as to that person’s credentials, as we do not.
(d) It is up to you to verify personal information to your own satisfaction and we recommend that you do so. Please approach any contact with participants at one of our events with the same caution you would undertake when meeting other people you do not know.
(e) If you are more than 2 years over/under the age range for a specific event then we would advise you to choose a more suitable event for your age. Please respect that other guests attending the events will be expecting to meet people within the specified age range. If you do book an event where you are more than 2 years older than the specified range, we will offer you to move to a more suitable age group at no additional cost. You will not be offered a refund, so please choose carefully.
(f) After events, a reminder email will normally be sent to you, however, it is not mandatory to login in to check your matches following receipt of this email that may or may not be sent; you are free to login in at any time using the user name and password that you used to make your booking, to see any matches and account activity.
A.6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(a) By registering for any of our events, including SpeedDater events, you agree that neither us nor our associates, affiliates, parent company or subsidiaries (together with our directors, employees, consultants, contractors, agents and representatives of each of the foregoing) are liable for any damages, direct or indirect, that may arise from using our services unless resulting from our breach of contract or negligence. This includes any damages, without limitation, arising out of communicating with other participants registered with us.
(b) We are not in any way liable for any third party costs that you may incur in attending or attempting to attend an event including but not limited to any transport or hotel costs that you choose to incur.
A.7. VENUE AND TIMING CHANGES TO EVENTS & ACCESS TO VENUES
(a) We reserve the right to change venue and timings of events. We will attempt to give you as much notice as possible prior to any change. Venues are subject to change and no refunds will be given for venue changes. The closest available venue which is suitable will be used as a replacement. If the venue is unusually far away from the original event, credit/refunds will issued on an individual basis at the Event Manager's discretion.
(b) We aim to ensure that all members are equally included in events, however some venues may not provide full, or limited, access for our disabled members.
Please contact us in advance of the event to ensure that we can take appropriate steps to allow you to enjoy the event, or, if the venue is limited in the adjustments that can be made, we will offer to help you attend another event at a more suitable venue.
Please note that if you do not contact us, and require special assistance, our hosts will be limited in any alterations they can make on the day of the event due to the detailed planning that is required for all events.
Please contact us in advance to ensure we can take all reasonable steps for your benefit.
A.8. FREE MONTH OFFER (ONLINE DATING MEMBERSHIP)
(a) When booking an event online you will have the option to also select a free first month’s membership for our online service (full terms of online service contained at section B of these terms).
(b) If you do not cancel this first month membership before the expiry of the first month, the membership will automatically renew at standard rates in line with our auto renew billing policy (fully detailed in section B of these terms).
(c) This free month offer is only available for those booking events online, it is not available for telephone bookings.
(d) Only the lead booker will be credited with the free month of membership. If the lead booker purchases additional event tickets for others, these other people will not receive the offer.
(e) The offer is limited to 1 free month only, ie if you book 4 events in a 1 month period you will not bank up 4 free months of membership on your account.
(f) From time to time, we may permit prior recipients of the free month offer explained at (e) above, to benefit from a future free month offer, with such offer being made entirely at our discretion.
Nothing herein is a guarantee that if you cancel a free month membership, that you will be able to partake in a future free month offer.
(g) For details on how to cancel, please see section B of these terms.
A.9. EVENT REVIEWS
When you login to add “ticks” after an event, you must review your event experience, with reviews being mandatory.
We reserve the right to select review content for promotional purposes. You grant to us a world wide, sub-licensable, royalty free licence to the content of any review, and you grant to us the right to freely use, copy, distribute, publish, broadcast, modify, adapt and display such content for any commercial purpose.
A.10. UNLIMITED PASS
You may purchase an Unlimited Pass (“Pass”).
The Pass allows you to book onto as many events as you like during a 30 day period (“Pass Period”).
You can only book one event at a time, attend that event, and then proceed to book your next event, and so on – you cannot book multiple events at one time, and you can only book available events.
You can purchase the Pass online and it will be activated immediately.
Your Pass will automatically renew upon the expiry of the Pass Period, for an further 30 days, and this will repeat until you cancel. THERE IS A RECURRING COST THAT YOU AGREE TO PAY WHEN YOU PURCHASE THE PASS. All Pass sales are final and are non refundable. If you book an event but do not attend, and you do that three times in any Pass Period, we reserve the right to terminate your Pass.
For more details on recurring billing please see below section B.4/C. AUTOMATIC RENEWAL BILLING
B. ONLINE DATING SERVICES
We have an extensive network of sites (that we call our “Partner Sites”) that we categorise as Traditional Sites (for traditional romantic relationships e.g. Cupid.com) and Niche Sites (for like-minded people to meet e.g. UniformDating.com). Any reference herein to a Group Company means a parent or subsidiary of ours, if applicable.
We want to offer you a full range of products and services and in order to do that we will share your details across our Partner Sites (see our privacy policy – Creation of Duplicate Profiles Across Our Partner Sites) and we will market our different products and services to you (see our privacy policy – Marketing).
You authorise us to reproduce and broadcast the information contained in your profile including your name, photograph, “chat up line”, description etc. throughout all or part of our Partner Sites and our Group Companies for the purposes of delivering the Services to you and for marketing and other purposes as explained in more detail below under section 6(B) Our rights to use your content for our own purposes.
B.1. STAFF PROFILES
We may, from time to time, create profiles which are created, maintained and managed by our employees (“Staff Profiles”). The purpose of these Staff Profiles is to enable us to ensure our Services are operating properly by testing the Services, features and functionalities, and to research our products and Services. All Staff Profiles will be identifiable as such and in the event that you opt to communicate or interact with a Staff Profile you will be made aware of the nature of this Staff Profile.
In an effort to protect users from receiving deceptive links and content through messages sent from individuals our systems have flagged as scammers, we will censor any flagged messages and replace the content of these messages with links to our partner sites.
Any censored messages will be marked with a special icon tooltip to explain that the SiteAdmin has flagged the message and replace the content with safer links.
B.2. THE SERVICES
We provide on line entertainment and social services through our websites and mobile applications enabling you to contact and engage in interaction with other users of our various sites and apps, including those of our Group Companies and Partner Sites (collectively our websites and apps are referred to here as the “Services”).
We are continually developing our offerings to users and we may offer additional services or revise the scope of the Services at our discretion and with or without notice to you, and these terms of use will apply to all additional or revised Services.
We also reserve the right to stop offering the Services.
B.3. HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OUR SERVICES
You can access the Services in the following ways, and by website visits or mobile applications:
(1) By visiting as a guest without registering (“Guest”);
(2) By registering for the Services as a non-paying member (“Basic Member”); or
(3) By registering for the Services as a member and purchasing a subscription package (“Paid Member”).
Throughout these terms we will make reference to Guest, Basic Member and Paid Member. When the clause is relevant to all members, we shall simply use the term “member” or “users” to mean all users, whether Guests, Basic, or Paid.
B.4. ABOUT SUBSCRIPTIONS AND BILLING
B.4/A. GUEST/BASIC MEMBER FEES / CHARGES / "JOIN FOR FREE"
There is no fee payable to access the Services as a Guest or as a Basic Member.
However, please note that accessing the Services as a Guest or a Basic Member will only give you limited access to features and areas of the Services. Full access will require to you upgrade to become a Paid Member, by paying for a subscription package.
B.4/B. PAID MEMBER FEES / CHARGES
If you would like full access to all features and areas within the Services, you should purchase one of our Subscription Packages which can differ across our various websites. As a Paid Member you expressly agree to us providing the Services to you immediately upon payment by you.
In general, we offer:
3 day or 1 week trials (with some services offering 1 hour trials); and/or
1, 3 or 6 month packages.
The fees payable for each of our Subscription Packages are set out on the payment page of the at the point of making payment. Please review the payment page very carefully when you come to make payment.
Please be aware that when you subscribe to any package, including the trial period, you will become liable for automatic renewal billing.
THIS MEANS THAT THE MINIMUM DURATION OF YOUR CONTRACT WILL BE FOR THE INITIAL PERIOD YOU SELECT (EG. 1 MONTH), AND THIS WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW UNTIL YOU CANCEL YOUR SERVICE.
We reserve the right to alter these subscriptions packages at any time. If we alter the price of a package that you are already paying for, we will provide notice of the change to (in accordance with our process noted below at section 4(D)) you and you will have the option to cancel your membership if you do not agree with the new price being offered to you.
B.4/C. AUTOMATIC RENEWAL BILLING
We operate an automatic renewal billing policy.
This means that once your initial membership period has expired, for your convenience, your membership will automatically be renewed at the same rate that you signed up for using the original payment method. For example if you pay by credit card, we will continue to debit this same credit card as each subscription period expires. We will only debit these repeat payments when your current payment period expires and not before.
If you have purchased an event together with the Speeddater monthly membership by choosing the option to "Pay
Now with Speeddater Feature" we are unable to offer refunds of the service beyond legal entitlement to refunds.
You can cancel your online membership at any time by simply following instructions described in B.15/B of these Terms.
B.4/D. PRICE CHANGES
We reserve the right to alter our packages at any time and any change in your subscription price will be notified to you by email to the address you have provided when you signed up to the Services, at least 7 days prior to the new subscription price being implemented. You will then have the option to cancel your membership if you do not agree to this price change.
B.4/E. DISPUTES ABOUT BILLING
In the event that you disagree with any charge made to your account, you agree to contact us with a view to resolving the dispute prior to making a formal notification to your credit card company. You must contact us either by email or telephone, stating your reasons for dispute of the charge. This will enable us to accurately and promptly assess your complaint and, where justified, credit your card with the disputed amount in a timely manner to avoid any further inconvenience to you.
Please note if you have made payment for our application through Apple’s iTunes service, in accordance with Apple’s developer policies, we shall not issue any refunds if you have purchased our app in this way.
B.5. YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES
To ensure compatibility with your device and our Services, please note that our sites are optimised for all modern browsers including IE7+ and above, Firefox 2+, Safari 3+, Chrome and Opera with standard default browser settings. You will also need Javascript enabled to use our sites, and Flash must be installed to use our Live Chat feature. For the best experience your screen resolution should be set to no less than 1280 x 768.
B.5/A. PERSONAL USE
Your account is for your personal use only. You may not authorise others to use your account or attempt to use another member’s account without first obtaining their consent. You must not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity.
You are solely responsible for you own actions and those of anyone using your account, and assume all liability regarding, (i) the information and content you or anyone using your account, posts on your behalf; (ii) the information and content you or anyone using your account post, transmit, publish, or otherwise make available through the Services; and (iii) your or anyone using your account’s interactions with other members through the Services.
B.5/B. YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES: INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT
If you register with us to use our Services, you warrant that you will:
Provide all the information required to complete the registration forms for our Services;
Ensure the information you provide is complete, accurate and up to date and you will promptly update all information to keep your account and billing information complete and accurate upon any change (such as change of billing address, credit card number or expiration date);
You have not and will not access or use the Services from any place or jurisdiction where such use is prohibited or contrary to applicable laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, edicts or customs of your jurisdiction, of the United Kingdom, of Australia or of the United States of America;
Your use of the Services is and will be in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, edicts or customs;
If you create an account (as a Basic or Paid Member), you (i) have never been convicted of a felony; and (ii) are not required to register as a sex offender with any government entity or agency; and
You are either single or separated from your spouse or domestic partner;
Only post information and content that is relevant to our members (please see below under
'Restrictions on your use of the Site' for further details of the restrictions on the type of information and content you can post);
Be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place using your account whether by yourself or any other person using your account; and
Only post genuine ratings of and comments on other members’ profiles and other content based on your personal experience. Please note that any comments you make, if false, could be defamatory and could lead to legal proceedings being taken against you.
Please note that we do
NOT conduct any form of background screening, criminal or otherwise on any user or member of our Services in any territory.
B.5/C. RESTRICTIONS ON YOUR USE
You agree that you will not post any content on through the Services, transmit any content to others, communicate any content, provide links to any content, or otherwise engage in any activity through the Services that, in our sole judgment:
impersonates or otherwise misrepresents affiliation, connection or association with, any person or entity;
discloses any personal or confidential information of any person or organisation without first obtaining their consent or solicits another person’s personal information for commercial or unlawful purposes;
discloses, solicits or requests personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or discloses or solicit passwords for unlawful purposes;
contains any material which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data);
promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm against any group or individual;
promotes or enables illegal or unlawful activities;
is intended to harass, annoy, threaten or intimidate any other members or other people or organisations;
is defamatory, inaccurate, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy, harms minors in any way (a minor being a person aged under 18) or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience;
is deliberately misleading or fraudulent;
contains others’ copyrighted content (such as music, videos, photographs, images etc) trademarks, patents, trade secret or other proprietary information, without first obtaining their consent;
uses the Services for chain letters, junk mail or spam e-mails;
advertises or solicits any member to buy or sell any products or services including but not limited to uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting or otherwise making available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “affiliate marketing codes,” “link referral code,” or any other form of commercial solicitation;
interferes or disrupts networks connected to the Services or attempts to interfere with the proper functioning of the Services (including imposing an unreasonable load on the technical infrastructure used to operate the Site);
contains any material which may infringe or violate any third party’s rights;
violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, but not limited to, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
provide material support or resources (or conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the various governments as a foreign terrorist organisation;
“stalk” or otherwise harass another person or user or member;
collect or store personal data about other users or members without their consent (including, but not limited to, through the use of scripts, bots or web crawlers) or upload, post, email, transmit, chat or otherwise disclose other users’ or members’ private information;
post a profile or send a message to a user for any purpose other than to interact with other individuals online;
delete or revise any content or material posted by any other person or entity;
access data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account which the user is not authorized to access;
attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the system or network or to breach the security or authentication measures of the site without proper authorization;
attempt to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Services, overloading, “flooding”, “spamming”, “mail bombing” or “crashing” or otherwise attempting to deny service to the Site or the server of any user;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Services;
send unsolicited messages, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services.
forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting for any reason.
use any information obtained from the Services in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any user or member without their prior express consent.
If you breach the terms of this subsection regarding the sending or posting of unsolicited bulk email, “spam” or other unsolicited communications of any kind through the Services, we reserve all rights, claims and causes of action we may have, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to, the right to seek statutory penalties for each such unsolicited communication you send through the Services.
We actively encourage all users to report any breaches of these terms to us.
B.6. OUR RIGHT TO REMOVE CONTENT
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor the information or content you or anyone using your account submits to the Services or post in the public areas of the Services. We have the right to remove any such information or content: (i) that in our sole opinion violates, or may violate, any applicable law, or these terms of use; (ii) or upon the request of any third party e.g. in the event that a third party alleges you have infringed their intellectual property rights.
B.7. SECURITY OF YOUR LOGIN DETAILS
You agree that you are responsible for keeping your screen name and password for your account secret. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for third party access to your account that results from sharing your login or other account details or personal information by you or the theft or misappropriation of your screen name and password. We reserve the right to suspend your access to the Services or terminate your account if we suspect an unauthorised person is attempting to access it.
B.8. REPORTING A BREACH OF THESE USER TERMS
You agree to tell us immediately about: (i) any violation of these terms of use by others (including but not limited to other members) of which you become aware; and (ii) any known or suspected unauthorised access to your account.
B.9/A. RISKS OF USING OUR SERVICES
You assume all risk when using the Services, including but not limited to, all of the risks associated with any online or offline interactions with others, including dating. You understand that we are unable to guarantee the accuracy or completeness of information provided to you by or about other members, and that we are unable to confirm that any member is who he or she claims to be.
You acknowledge that we have no liability in respect of other members of the Services, or any party who contacts you through the Services. We do not conduct criminal or any other background checks on any member in any territory and you should exercise caution. Please review our Dating Help and Safety Tips.
We do not warrant and are not responsible for ensuring that other members are in compliance with these terms of use. You agree to take all necessary precautions when communicating with or meeting individuals through the Services.
You understand that we make no guarantees or warranties, either express or implied, regarding your ultimate compatibility with individuals you meet through the Services or as to the conduct of such individuals. You further understand that we make no guarantees or warranties as to the number or frequency of matches made available to you through the Services.
B.9/B. BACKGROUND AND CRIMINAL CHECKS OF USERS
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other members of the Website.
You understand that we do not in any way:
(1) monitor the activity of our members either offline or online;
(2) screen or interview our members;
(3) inquire into the background of our members (including conducting criminal background checks); or
(4) attempt to verify the accuracy or statements made by members.
We make no representations or warranties about the conduct of members or those acting on their behalf. You will take reasonable precautions in all communications, meetings, or interactions with other members of the Website, particularly if you decide to meet offline or in person. You should not divulge personal or financial information to strangers. To learn more about online dating safety, click here or click here.
B.10. INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES
We process information about you in accordance with our. By using the Services, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. You are responsible for reviewing the terms of the privacy policy. By continuing to use the Services you are confirming that you accept the terms of the privacy policy, as may be amended from time to time, and you are responsible for regularly reviewing the privacy policy for any changes that we reserve the right to make.
B.11. MEMBERS OUTSIDE THE EEA
By registering and creating a member profile you consent to the wider dissemination of the information you provide in that profile to the other users of the Services, our Group Companies and third party service providers, some of whom may be outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’), to allow you to date in an online environment. We will keep your personal information confidential except: (i) where you or anyone using your account have posted it for publication or display; or (ii) to the extent that we are compelled to disclose it by law or to comply with an instruction of a regulatory body of competent jurisdiction.
For full details on how, where and for what purposes your data is stored and transferred please review our privacy policy.
B.12. SAFE MODE AND VERIFIED MEMBERS
In order to provide our members with a safer user experience, we offer both the "Safe Mode" feature as well as the ability for any member to become a "Verified Member."
"Safe Mode" enables members to limit certain types of actions and information that the Website can provide, including search results and incoming communications. We reserve the right to modify or discontinue Safe Mode at any time and we reserve the right to limit Safe Mode or parts of it to paying members. Additional information regarding Safe Mode is available on the Website or by contacting us through our "Contact Us" page.
A "Verified Member" is any user who has validated the phone number connected with their account as being held by a human person, by either:
(1) obtaining a unique verification code by text message or voice call;
(2) calling the Website's toll-free number; or
(3) providing credit card information.
The Website uniquely identifies Verified Members. Verified Members have access to special features such as being able to search for other Verified Members. We reserve the right to remove or modify the Verified Member feature at any time and without any prior notice. You understand that we assume no liability related to any user abusing the Verified Member feature or providing inaccurate, false or fraudulent information in the verification process. You further understand that the Verified Member feature is not a guarantee of the genuine or genuine intentions of a person. Additional information regarding the Verified Member feature is available on the Website.
B.13. OUR RIGHTS
B.13/A. OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that the copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights including registered and unregistered trade marks, across the Services and the content provided as part of the Services belongs to us or is used under exclusive license by us. No rights in respect of the Services or the content provided as part of the Services are granted to you other than those expressly set out in these terms of use.
B.13/B. TO USE YOUR CONTENT FOR OUR OWN PURPOSES
By posting information or content including but not limited to copyrighted content, name and likeness and photographs to your profile pages or any public area of the Services, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant to us, our Partner Sites and Group Companies, a non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide licence to use, copy, publish, display, reformat, translate and distribute, and broadcast, such information or content and to grant and authorise sub-licences of the same. You further waive any moral or potential infringements rights you may have in any such information or content.
Specifically please note that we may use any of your content, including your photographs, for the purposes of advertising or publicity. If you do not wish us to do this, please contact us.
Full details on how we use your information is contained within our privacy policy.
B.14. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
We have in place procedures for handling claims that content displayed on any of our Group Companies sites infringes a third party’s copyright. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, as amended (“DMCA”), notifications of claimed copyright infringement under United States copyright law should be sent to our Designated Agent specified in the Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement. ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE NO RESPONSE.
B.15. CANCELLING YOUR MEMBERSHIP AND CUSTOMER COMPLAINT HANDLING
B.15/A. TERM AND TERMINATION
These terms of use will become effective from the point at which you use the Services as a Guest or registered as a Basic or Paid Member, and will remain in full force and effect unless and until they are terminated.
Your subscription will be automatically extended for successive renewal period of the same duration as the subscription term originally selected, at the then current non-promotional subscription rate in accordance with the Automatic Renewal Billing process explained in these terms.
Please note that you must terminate your subscription prior to the end of the subscription period for which you have paid to avoid being charged for the next subscription period. To change or terminate your subscription at any time, please follow the subscription cancellation procedure described in the Help section. Either you, or us, may terminate your user account at any time and for any reason by sending notice to the other.
Upon cancellation of your membership all features, services and benefits (including but not limited to promo codes issued by us to you during your membership term) will be automatically considered invalid whether or not you have used such features prior to the date of termination of your account.
We reserve the right to immediately suspend or terminate your access to any of the Services, without notice, for any reason. We also reserve the right to remove your account information or data from our Services and any other records at any time at our sole discretion.
If your access to any of the Services is suspended due to any suspected (in our opinion acting reasonably) or actual breach of these terms of use, you agree that all fees paid to us are final and all outstanding or pending payments will immediately be due. Following any termination of your use of the Services, we reserve the right to send a notice explaining such termination to other members you have contacted through the Services.
B.15/B. YOUR RIGHTS TO CANCEL AT ANY TIME
You may cancel your subscription and membership (free and paid) by visiting the ‘My Account’ section of the site that you are a member of, and following the relevant link to Remove Your Account.
Alternatively, you may cancel your registration or subscription at any time by giving us notice of your wish to cancel by telephone or email:
tel: +44-1316080066
email: admin@speeddater.co.uk
When emailing us you must include your profile information (screenname and email address) in order that we can verify that you are in fact the account holder authorised to amend the account.
Our postal address is:
NSI (Holdings) Ltd
2 Angel Square,
EC1V 1NY,
London
Please be aware that any notice of intention to cancel shall take effect upon receipt by us.
B.15/C. 14 DAY CANCELLATION RIGHT (FOR UK RESIDENTS)
Under the United Kingdom Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013, if you are resident within UK, you can cancel the agreement created through your acceptance of these terms of use within 14 days after the confirmation of your subscription to any Services and you will receive a pro-rated refund based on the usage you have made of the Service.
By creating a Paid Membership or upgrading a Guest or Basic Membership, you expressly agree to us providing the Services to you immediately upon payment by you. Any use of the service thereafter by you would limit the amount you will be entitled to later receive should you cancel within 14 days.
For avoidance of doubt, Use of the Services in respect of this cancellation right means sending any communication to another user, actively conducting searches of user profiles, viewing photos of other members, or making changes to your profile including your photographs and other publicly visible profile information, or updating or amending any account settings or preferences (unless such settings e.g. email address were inputted incorrectly at sign up and you are seeking to simply amend these entries to be more accurate records).
You can contact us through your Account, by email or by telephone to cancel on the basis of this statutory right. You may also complete this Cancellation Form (which is a standard form contained within the Regulations), which can be downloaded here.
B.16. OUR CUSTOMER COMPLAINT POLICY
If you have any queries about these terms of use, the Services or if you wish to make a complaint then please contact us as follows:
tel: +44-1316080066
email: admin@speeddater.co.uk
When emailing us you must include your profile information (screenname and email address) in order that we can verify that you are in fact the account holder authorised to amend the account.
Our postal address is:
NSI (Holdings) Ltd
2 Angel Square,
EC1V 1NY,
London
C. LEGAL DISCLAIMERS, WARRANTIES & INDEMNITIES APPLICABLE TO ALL ONLINE SERVICES AND OFFLINE EVENTS SERVICES
C.1. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
This section will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
We do not make or grant (and hereby exclude) any warranties, representations, conditions or terms of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise with respect to the Services (including all information contained therein), including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
We do not warrant that your use of the Services will be secure, uninterrupted, always available, error-free or will meet your requirements, or that any defects in the Services will be corrected. We disclaim liability for, and no warranty, representation, condition or other term is made with respect to, the connectivity and availability of the Services.
Opinions, advice, statements, offers, or other information or content made available through the Services, but not directly by us, are those of their respective authors, and should not necessarily be relied upon. Such authors are solely responsible for such content. We do not: (i) warrant or guarantee the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information provided on the Services, or (ii) adopt, endorse or accept responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made by any party other than us. Under no circumstances will we be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from anyone’s reliance on information or other content posted on the Services, provided through the Services, or transmitted to or by any Guests, Basic Members or Paid Members.
C.2. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event will we, NSI (Holdings) Ltd, be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising out of or relating, directly or indirectly, to the use or inability to use the Services, including, without limitation, loss of income or revenue, loss of corruption of data or programs, loss of goodwill and loss of anticipated savings, even if we know or have been advised of the possibility of such loss arising.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will we be liable for any claims, losses or damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, general, special, compensatory, consequential, and/or incidental, arising out of or relating to the conduct of you or anyone else in connection with the use of the Services, including without limitation, bodily injury, emotional distress, and/or any other claims, losses or damages resulting from communications or meetings with other users of the Services. This includes and is not limited to any claims, losses or damages arising from the conduct of members who have registered under false pretences or who attempt to defraud or harm you.
Our total liability to you in connection with these terms of use or the use of the Services shall be limited as to either: (i) the fees paid by you to us for use of the Services if you are a Paid Member; or (ii) £100 if you are a Guest or Basic Member.
Nothing in these terms of use will limit or exclude our liability for: (i) death or personal injury arising from our proven negligence; or (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentations made by us.
C.3. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify us, our officers, directors, employees, agents, Group Companies and third parties for any claims, causes of action, debts, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) relating to or arising, directly or indirectly, out of: (i) your, on anyone using your account’s use of or inability to use the Services, (ii) any content or information posted by you or anyone using your account, (iii) your or anyone using your account’s violation of these terms of use or your or anyone using your account’s violation of any rights of a third party, or (iv) your or anyone using your account’s violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
We reserve the right, at our own cost, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. You agree to provide us with full co-operation if we choose to exercise this right.
C.4. LINKS TO OTHER THIRD PARTY SITES
Where any of our sites contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
C.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT, GOVERNING LAW AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER
C.5/A. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These terms of use, and the pages throughout the sites and Services to which these terms refer, constitute a contract that governs the relationship between us and you. They cancel and replace any conditions that may have been agreed to in the past, even if not directly withdrawn or amended, and constitute the entirety of the rights and obligations in place between us.
C.5/B. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
These terms of use and the documents referred to in them shall be governed and construed in accordance with English law. Any disputes relating to these terms of use, the documents referred to in them or the site or the Services will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
C.5/C. CLASS ACTION WAIVER
IN ANY DISPUTE, NEITHER YOU NOR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE ENTITLED TO JOIN OR CONSOLIDATE CLAIMS BY OR AGAINST OTHER AFFILIATES OR PERSONS, OR ARBITRATE ANY CLAIM AS A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS ACTION OR IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CAPACITY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHTS TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CLAIM.
Close