http://www.ywcaworks.org/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
YWCA is fully committed to your privacy and only collects information necessary to process client and supporter services, and to track usage of our website.
What information is collected by YWCA?
YWCA collects non-personally-identifying information that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Additionally, certain visitors to YWCA’s website may choose to interact with YWCA in ways that require YWCA to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that YWCA gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Those who engage in transactions with YWCA are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary, personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, YWCA collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with YWCA.
Where does YWCA transfer and store information?
YWCA is based in the United States, and any information transmitted to us may be stored, accessed, or processed in the United States. YWCA is subject to the laws of the United States, and may be compelled to surrender personally-identifying information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request.
YWCA takes necessary measures to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
How does YWCA use information?
YWCA is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. This information will not be sold, or rented to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
YWCA collects information primarily to accept donations and provide information concerning our programs and services. YWCA also uses information for analytical purposes, outreach, and to respond to requests and job posting submissions.
Additional Information
YWCA’s website may contain links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, the website you enter is governed by that site’s privacy policy. YWCA is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other sites.
Changes to YWCA’s Privacy Policy
YWCA may change or amend its Privacy Policy from time to time at YWCA’s sole discretion. YWCA encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any changes.
Changelog
No changes to date
dweisbeck
Wed, 11/22/2017 - 12:24
Utility Panel
User account menu
Log in