http://www.scchildren.org/privacy
Search
donate
Give Today
Give Monthly
Giving Society
Other ways to give
fundraise
Fundraise for us
Fundraising Stories
Why Prevention
About Us
Supporting Programs
Community Support for Young Parents
Home Visiting
Strengthening Families Program
Triple P (Positive Parenting Program)
Building Coalitions
Child Well-Being Coalition
Empower Action
Leading Prevention Training
Building Hope for Children Conference 2021
Training Request
Attend an Event
Providing Resources
Adverse Childhood Experiences
Child Abuse Prevention Month
Empower Action
KIDS COUNT South Carolina
Research and Data
Home / Privacy Policy
Introduction
We have created this policy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of the individuals who visit Childrens Trust of South Carolinas website. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website.
Use of Links
Throughout our website, we provide links to other websites which contain information we believe may be of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations responsible for those websites, the views expressed on those websites, or the accuracy of the information contained on those websites.
Creating a text link from your website to our website does not require our permission. If you have a link you’d like us to consider adding to our website, please send an email to webmaster@scchildren.org with the subject “Link Request.”
Use of Text and Images
If you would like to publish information that you find on our website, please send your request to webmaster@scchildren.org. Where text or images are posted on our website with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page. Information about using our logo and images is available in Media Resources.
Accessibility
Our website is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at webmaster@scchildren.org.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest. We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We will not share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Kids and Privacy
For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city. When children send email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form. You can not remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.
Acceptance of Children’s Trust of South Carolinas Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add to, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this website following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact us at the phone number and address below.
Sign up for news and updates
Signature Work
Adverse Childhood Experiences
Child Well-Being Coalition
Child Abuse Prevention Month
Empower Action
KIDS COUNT South Carolina
Triple P (Positive Parenting Program)
Programs
Community Support for Young Parents
Home Visiting
Strengthening Families Program
Triple P (Positive Parenting Program)
About Us
Board of Directors
Our Team
Employment Opportunities
Events
Newsroom
Request for Proposals and Quotes
Online Payments
Child Abuse and Neglect
Recognizing the Signs
Reporting
Children’s Trust of South Carolina is the statewide organization focused on the prevention of child abuse and neglect. We provide funding, resources and training to help local program partners build strong families and positive childhoods.
1330 Lady Street, Suite 310, Columbia, SC 29201Phone 803-733-5430info@scchildren.orgSite MapIntranetPrivacy Policy
© Copyright 2020
Site developed by:
Period-Three
Due to concerns surrounding the coronavirus/COVID-19, Children’s Trust is moving events to virtual platforms or postponing to a more suitable time. Please check your event listings or inquire with the appropriate staff person. View our events.