http://www.divinegoddess.net/pages/customer-help
Skip to content
Clothing
Collections
High Performance Collection
Wolven Sustainable Collection
New Arrivals
On Sale
Gift Card
Pants
Hotpants
Knee Length Pants
3/4 Length Pants
Full Length Pants
All
Pants
Tops
Full Length Tops
Crop Tops
Cotton Practice Tops
Long Sleeve Tops / Jackets
T-Shirts
All Tops
All Clothing
Yoga Mats / Bags
Mats
TPE Mats
Eco Luxe
Eco Lite Breathable
Super Black
All Mats
Mat Bags
Core Collection
Secret Garden Collection
Towels
Mat Carry Straps
Cleaning Spray
All Mat Bags
All Mats / Bags
Accessories
Eye PillowsBlocksTowelsWheelsStrapsBolstersMat Carry StrapsWater BottlesIncenseStatuesDVDs & BooksAll Accesories
Jewellery
Satya Jewellery
Earrings
Necklaces
Bracelets
All Satya Jewellery
Aum Rudraksha Jewellery
Malas
Bracelets
All Aum Rudraksha Jewellery
Lalimalu Jewellery
Earrings
All Lalimalu Jewellery
All Jewellery
About usCustomer Service
ShippingReturns and exchangesAfterpayTrack my orderPrivacy PolicyContact us
Bundles
Account
AUDNZDUSDGBPJPYEUR
Cart
Spend $99 more and get free shipping!
Your cart is empty
SHOP NOW, PAY LATER WITH AFTERPAY | FREE DELIVERY FOR AU ORDERS OF $99 OR MORE
Home
›
Customer Help
Customer Help
CUSTOMER SERVICE HOURSOnline Customer Service hours are between 10am to 5pm (AEST), Monday to Friday on +61 2 66 857 595 or send us an email to info@divinegoddess.net.ORDER PROCESSING AND DELIVERYDivine Goddess Yoga Products orders are fulfilled via Australia Post Parcel within 10 days of the date the order was Processed (payment taken). It may take up to 2 working days for an order to be Processed from the time of placement.
If you entered a mobile number during checkout, you will receive a SMS message when your order is on its way. You can then check the status of your delivery via the Track My Order page.
FREE DELIVERY ON ALL AU ORDERS OVER $99
Free delivery on all orders over $99 to Australian addresses. Deliveries to WA, NT and TAS may take longer if there are unexpected stock or delivery issues.
AU DELIVERY FOR AU ORDER UNDER $99
Delivery is by AusPost, dependent on weight and destination. Please enter your State and Postcode on the shopping bag page to view delivery cost. Deliveries to WA, NT and TAS may take longer if there are unexpected stock or delivery issues.
INTERNATIONAL DELIVERY
Delivery is by AusPost, dependent on weight and destination. Please enter your Country, State and Postcode on the shopping bag page to view delivery cost.
PICTURES & CONTENT
Pictures are used for illustration purposes only - Not all pictures used are an exact representation of the product listed.
All care is taken to ensure that pricing is current and accurate at time of upload, however we take no responsibility for typographical errorsAny incorrect pricing will be immediately corrected upon notification to Divine Goddess Yoga Products
PRICESPrices on the Website do not always reflect in store pricing and in some cases are only available online. Web prices and 'Exclusive Web Deals' are separate and independent of Divine Goddess Store prices.PAYMENT METHODSDivine Goddess Yoga Products accepts payment via Paypal and all major credit cards including VISA, MASTERCARD and BANKCARD. Unfortunately we cannot accept COD (Cash on Delivery), money orders, cheques or direct deposits unless a special arrangement has been made.ONLINE ORDER CONDITIONSPlease retain your original receipt, as you will need this as proof of purchase to obtain a refund, credit or repair. Our suppliers will not accept returns or repairs without the original  receipt. You can choose between a refund, exchange or credit where goods are faulty, wrongly described online or don't do what they are supposed to do. If your item purchased is deemed faulty, please contact the Divine Goddess team at susieq@divinegoddess.com.au to organise for a return envelope to be sent to you in which the goods can be returned for repair or exchange, depending on type of return. REFUNDS
Please choose carefully as we do not give refunds simply because you changed your mind or make a wrong decision. However we want you to be happy with our product so call us and we will do our best to help. In the instance where a refund is granted, refunds will only be processed once the product has been received in good condition and approved by Divine Goddess. Please note: Refunds can take up to 10 working days to show up on your bank or credit card statement. This is a condition of the financial institutions involved.
EXCHANGE
Customers are entitled to a 21 day exchange period on most products, a faulty product can be exchanged or returned for credit. Please note: When exchanging goods you must return all of the componentry, with the original receipt, in as new condition and including all original packaging.We are only able to exchange or refund if the product is unused and in a saleable condition. If you are exchanging a product that is not faulty – the postage will be your responsibility. CANCELLATIONSCancellations must be made within 24 hours of submitting your order . After 24 hours a cancellation fee of 10% of the order or a maximum of $50 will apply. If delivery has been made, the customer must return the product, at his or her own expense, and the refund will be made upon Divine Goddess receiving the return product, in its original packaging, in good condition and with the original receipt.Please note: Refunds can take up to 10 working days to show up on your bank or credit card statement. This is a condition of the financial institutions involved
SECURITY POLICY
When purchasing from Divine Goddess your financial details are passed through a secure server using at least 128-bit SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology. 128-bit SSL encryption is approximated to take at least one trillion years to break, and is the industry standard. If you have any questions regarding our security policy, please contact our customer support centre on +61 2 66 857 595.