http://www.thln.com/privacy
Home
About
About
Our Mission
Board of Directors
Staff and Partners
Chapters
FAQ
Contact Us
Shop THLN Merch
You Can Help
You Can Help
Sign Our Petition
Get Action Alerts
Remember Us in Your Will
Support Us on Social
Texas Humane Library Project
Volunteer
Cross-Reporting of Abuse
Lawmaker “Report-Back” Form
Junior Advocate Program
Legislation
Legislation
Find Your Legislator
Texas Legislation 101
2021 Legislative Session
Legislative Priorities
Victories
Voting Records
Tethering Toolkit
Stop Puppy Mills
News & Events
News & Events
Latest News
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Request a Speaker
Endorsed Candidates 2020
THLN FREE Webinars
JOIN NOW!
DONATE!
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Texas Humane Legislation Network (THLN) is the sole owner and operator of this website. By visiting THLN.ORG, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy and security statement. THLN reserves the right to modify or amend this statement at any time and for any reason by posting such changes at THLN.ORG.
I. THLN is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its online visitors. We believe that maintaining privacy on the Web is very important, and that informing our visitors about the types of information we collect and how we use it is crucial. All information submitted to THLN.ORG, including names, emails, addresses, and phone numbers, is private and protected by industry standard security measures. The only exception is posts voluntarily submitted to our comment sections, which are public. THLN does not distribute or transfer personally identifiable information obtained from any user to any other parties without the express approval of the user.
II. THLN may send email and other correspondence, but only to those users who have expressly agreed to receive such information.
III. THLN examines user data in aggregate in order to facilitate the online experience of users and improve the quality of its content.
IV. THLN uses industry-standard security systems, software and encryption technologies for security purposes, and processes its online purchases and donations through a secure connection.
V. You may choose to correct, update, or delete the information you have submitted to us by sending an email requesting changes to outreach@texashumanenetwork.org at any time.
DISCLAIMER:a. The policies contained in this statement do not extend to any non-THLN sites linked to THLN.ORG. Please check with these companies, organizations and sites for their policies regarding data privacy and security.b. While THLN, as outlined in this statement, has incorporated security measures to protect the privacy and security of information submitted to THLN.ORG, such privacy and security cannot be guaranteed by THLN. In no event shall THLN be liable for damages of any kind suffered as the result of a breach of privacy or security with respect to information submitted to THLN.ORG.Contact outreach@texashumanenetwork.org for any questions about this privacy and security statement.