https://www.omalleylangan.com/privacy-policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for O'Malley & Langan, Scranton Law Firm
We respect your privacy at our Northeastern Pennsylvania law firm
This online privacy policy describes the information we collect from users of this website and the ways that information will be used. O'Malley & Langan, P.C. collects personally identifying information when you contact us using the internet forms or email on this website.
O'Malley & Langan, P.C only uses this information to contact you with information O'Malley & Langan, P.C. believes will be of interest to you. By sending us your information, you consent to the collection and use of this information by O'Malley & Langan, P.C. Our sending information back to you does not create an attorney-client relationship between O'Malley & Langan, P.C. and you.
We reserve the right to discontinue contact at any time. O'Malley & Langan, P.C. will not sell, share or otherwise disclose any of the information it collects online except for disclosures to third parties who monitor the website and prepare marketing materials.
Notwithstanding our privacy policy, O'Malley & Langan, P.C. may disclose personal information in special cases: (1) when we have reason to believe disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights of O'Malley & Langan, P.C. or property or anyone that could be harmed by such activities; (2) when we believe in good faith the law requires it; and (3) in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person.
If O'Malley & Langan, P.C. decides to change its privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
For more information, contact us. Call (866) 326-0100 and schedule a free case evaluation. We work on a contingency fee basis. That means you only pay us if we win. We're available when you need us - 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Free Case Consultation
Consulta Legal Gratis
Related Links
Workers' Compensation
Construction & Workplace Accidents
Long-Term Workplace Illnesses
Social Security Disability
Car Accidents
Personal Injury
Other Cases
Office Locations
Scranton
201 Franklin Avenue
Scranton, PA 18503
p. 570-344-2667
Pittston
9 North Main Street
Pittston, PA 18640
p. 570-883-1321
Towanda
213 Main Street
Towanda, PA 18848
p. 570-265-5800
email
Location
-- select a location to view -- Scranton OfficePittston OfficeTowanda Office
call