http://www.specialcounsel.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Last Updated: November 2019
Special Counsel, Inc., DBA EQ,
DBA SCI, D4, Parker + Lynch Legal 10151 Deerwood Park Blvd, Building 200, Jacksonville, Florida 32256 (“Special Counsel”, “we” or “us”) is committed to providing you with the best online experience while visiting the specialcounsel.com website (the “Website”). To achieve this, we utilize our own and standard third party cookies to obtain data about your online behavior while you are on the Website, and we also track how often you visit the Website. The information we collect is anonymous and does not identify you as an individual, unless you provide us with your information by completing in a form, or through another feature offered on the Website. Where personal information is collected by us, such collection is covered by our Privacy Policy, available at https://www.specialcounsel.com/privacy-policy/.
What we track
We do not use any intrusive cookies on the Websites to collect your personal information. We use industry standard third party cookies such as Google Analytics to track your behavior online and gain statistical information at an aggregated level in the following ways:
We track the number of visits to the Website, where each visitor came from (i.e. the website you visited prior to coming to the Website) and where each visitor goes to from the Website (i.e. the website you visit after leaving ours).
A cookie is stored on your device for no longer than two (2) years which is linked to your IP address. Cookies are small text files that your web browser stores on your device. This allows us to track whether you return to the Website.
How to manage cookies
Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our systems will issue cookies each time you access the Website.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the storing of cookies. This will remove all details from the cookie. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website or use certain functionality.
Third-party cookies
Throughout your journey on the Website you may also notice content from third parties. We may also offer you the opportunity to further engage with us and share information with others using social networks such as Facebook, Linkedln and Twitter. This content is added so we can keep you up to date with carefully selected information that you may find relevant or of interest, however this can result in these third party providers storing additional cookies on your device that we have no control over. Consequently we suggest you check the websites of any such third parties and their privacy policies for more information about their cookies and how you can manage them.
Cookies used on the Website
The Website may contain links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any these third party websites please note that these websites have their own privacy and cookie polices and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these third party websites.
Below are examples of the cookies used by specialcounsel.com including details on their purpose and other information you may find useful. Please note however that if you choose to access third party sites through specialcounsel.com that the cookies listed below may not form a comprehensive list.
Google-analytics.com
Type:	3rd party from Google Inc.
Purpose:	Google analytics sets cookies to enable us to track the usage of pages and services on our sites.
What data is held?	Visit duration, page views, location, operating system, browser, entry path, no. of visit
Link to personal data?	No
Type of cookie? Persistant
Third party cookies?	Yes, Google Inc.
Third party policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy