http://www.qls.com.au/About_QLS/Site_policies_disclaimers/Privacy_policy
Contact QLS Logon
Search
Home
For the profession
For the community
Becoming a member
Knowledge centre
About QLS
myQLS
Queensland Law Society
Careers at QLS
News & media
Council
Awards
Advertising & sponsorship
Corporate events
Related links & organisations
Site policies & disclaimers
Privacy policy
Disclaimer
Copyright
Terms of use
Social media usage
Queensland Law Society Council election
Future Leaders Committee Election
QLS
About QLS
Site policies & disclaimers
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Queensland Law Society Incorporated (QLS, we, us or our) is committed to ensuring that personal information collected is dealt with in accordance with the Information Privacy Principles contained in the Information Privacy Act 2009 and the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
QLS collects personal information such as names, address and other contact details, your practice details, your membership details and any criminal record or medical information to the extent it is relevant to our functions and responsibilities.  QLS has developed procedures to prevent unauthorised use and access to personal information collected by it. In some situations practitioners will be required to provide information to  QLS pursuant to the Legal Profession Act 2007 (the Act). QLS collects personal information directly from you when it is possible to do so.  QLS may also indirectly collect personal information from a third party (for example, if QLS receives a complaint or your name is stated on a form submitted to QLS).
Information provided by practitioners, members and the public may be used to fulfil QLS's statutory obligations under the Act. Information provided by members and practitioners will be used to maintain membership and practitioner records including publishing details in the QLS publications and on the QLS website (including providing to members of public through QLS's website search functions). Information provided by practitioners and members will be used to provide information to members and to enable them to access services, educational and professional development programs and to provide information, promotional materials and incentives as part of the member benefits program provided by QLS. It will also be used to conduct research to identify and analyse ongoing needs of members.
Members, practitioners and the public have the right to request access to any personal information which relates to them and the right to request that information be corrected should it be inaccurate. Members should contact Records and Member Services of QLS, GPO Box 1785, Brisbane Qld 4001 to update personal information.  If you have a complaint in relation to the way in which your personal information is being handled by QLS, please contact us by writing to The Privacy Contact Officer, Queensland Law Society, GPO Box 1785, Brisbane Qld 4001. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please email privacy@qls.com.au.
Information provided by practitioners, members and the public may be disclosed to regulatory bodies in other States and/or foreign countries, professional indemnity insurers, premium funders, our professional advisors and contractors and other statutory bodies such as the Legal Services Commission as required under the Act and other legislative provisions.  Business details and personal information you choose to provide may also be transferred to an overseas recipient and stored overseas to administer services and communications to you. Some third party suppliers or their products and services are located overseas such as in the United States, Singapore and Sweden.
QLS does not generally provide mailing lists for direct commercial purposes. However, these lists may be used for promotional purposes, particularly in relation to member benefits. If a member of QLS does not wish their details to be included in such lists, the member should advise Records and Member Services department of QLS in writing.
Website privacy
QLS is committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of users of this website.
When you visit the QLS website, our server records your visit and logs certain information for statistical and diagnostic purposes only. A tracking cookie is used which identifies the user over an entire browsing session and also over repeat visits to the website. In the unlikely event of an investigation, a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect activity logs.
Information that may be collected includes:
the requesting IP address;
the type of browser being used;
the date and time of the visit;
the pages and resources accessed and downloaded;
the previous site visited;
the user ID used to access the page, if any.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data which is sent from a web server to a web browser on the user’s machine when the browser visits the server’s website. The cookie is stored on the user’s machine as an historical identifier only and cannot do anything to your machine. Cookies are not stored by QLS and cannot be used to determine the user’s email address or anything about the user’s computer.
If you wish to log in to the website you will need to accept cookies. If your browser rejects all cookies you will still be able to view public, information only pages.
Google Analytics and Adwords
All websites run by QLS use Google Analytics, a web analytics, reporting and statistics service provided by Google Inc. QLS uses Google Analytics to improve the performance and usability of its websites based on web traffic, conversions and user interaction information.
Google Analytics uses cookies to report on user interactions on QLS websites. These cookies use information based on how you view and use the QLS website, including your IP address. This data is transferred to and stored on servers in the United States by Google.
In addition, QLS uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, which places cookies on browsers to help QLS understand how people find and use the QLS site. This service provides sample reporting on demographics and interests of users within QLS’s website.
QLS also uses Google Adwords display advertising periodically to advertise QLS products and services, which passively collects cookie information and provides this to Google Analytics.
QLS will not merge or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature, or divulge any information to third parties unless authorised or required by law.
Please refer to the Google Privacy Policy for more information.
Opt out
To opt out of Google Analytics tracking, please visit this site. To opt out Google’s use of cookies in display advertising, please visit this site.
Your consent
By using any websites run by QLS, you agree to this transfer and Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 will not apply to this disclosure.
Third party links
All websites run by QLS (Sites) may provide outbound links to other websites. As these websites are not under the control of QLS, they have separate and independent privacy policies. QLS is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these websites.
The Site may include third party content which is subject to that third party's terms and conditions of use. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting any licence or right for you to use that content. You should consult the third party’s terms and conditions of use in relation to any third party content.
Links to third party sites which are not related to QLS and in relation to which QLS has no control or interest do not constitute any endorsement or approval of those sites or of the owners of those sites.
Email and accounts
Email correspondence is treated as a public record under the Public Records Act 2002. Email addresses are not added to mailing lists and details will not be disclosed to third parties without consent or unless required by law. Authorised personnel may monitor email messages for system maintenance purposes.
Should you pay an account or make an online purchase, personal and financial details are secured at all stages of the transaction. Credit card details are sent directly to our processor, Commonwealth Bank, via a secure process and details are not stored on our servers.
Events privacy
QLS collects personal information about you to provide services to you, to improve the quality of those services, and to provide you with information about other services and events we offer. For these purposes, we may disclose your personal information to organisations to whom we outsource functions such as market research and to our service entities. QLS also uses this information to conduct research for the development of educational and professional programs.
QLS may also provide your name and organisation details to presenters or co-hosts of the event you are attending. Your contact details will not be disclosed. This information is provided to presenters only to assist them with their presentation at the event and to co-hosts for the purposes of hosting the event.
At any event held by QLS, your image may be photographed or filmed at any time throughout the event. QLS and co-host may use, publish or reproduce your image or recording of you in any form of published communication material to promote QLS's or co-host’s services and to report on its events through its publications and resource material.
Your consent to the use of your image in full or part for any QLS or co-host related purpose is taken to be given by attending this event. QLS takes reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is not exposed to misuse, loss or unauthorised access.
QLS may also use third parties to administer and deliver services and communications to attendees by email or mail. Some third party suppliers or their products and services are located overseas such as Business details and personal information you choose to provide may be transferred to an overseas recipient and stored overseas to administer such services and communications to you. By registering for the event, you agree to this transfer and Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 will not apply to this disclosure.
In accordance with the Electronic Transactions (Queensland) Act 2001, QLS may provide notices or correspondence to you by electronic communication. Should you not wish to have your image photographed or filmed, please contact QLS at privacy@qls.com.au to advise that you do not wish to be photographed or filmed.
If, at any time, you would prefer that QLS did not use or disclose your personal information, including your name, organisation or image, please contact QLS at privacy@qls.com.au. If your details change or you wish to access the information QLS holds about you, please contact QLS on 1300 367 757.
Events and Resources Policy: visit qls.com.au/events_policy to view the policy or for more information please contact QLS at events@qls.com.au.
CCTV Privacy Notice
QLS’s premises are protected by Closed Circuit Television (CCTV)
QLS and the body corporate for Law Society House uses CCTV systems for 24 hour video surveillance, which monitors and records activity in the following areas:
main entrance to the premises
main foyer near ground level lifts
level 2 reception
driveway on the side of the premises
at the rear of the premises
basements 1, 2 and 3 near the lifts.
The purpose of this monitoring and recording is to provide a safe and secure work environment for QLS staff and visitors to Law Society House as well as members of the general public. Video cameras are only used in the areas specified in this privacy notice.
Video surveillance is being used to deter any form of aggressive, harmful or unlawful behaviour and to assist in identifying offenders. Should an incident occur, the recordings may be provided as evidence to law enforcement authorities such as the police to assist with investigations or enquiries. CCTV and video footage is not used to monitor staff performance. However, it may be used to investigate allegations of serious misconduct by staff.
The images recorded by the cameras are securely stored as digital files within the CCTV software, which is only accessible to staff in the Facilities department. The digital files are stored for a maximum of two weeks after which they are programmed to be automatically erased unless required by law enforcement authorities. Images are viewed only by authorised staff. Controlled access to the secured footage is strictly maintained. Copies of recordings will not be made for other purposes unless they are relevant to the purpose of surveillance or are required by law. Any copies made are stored in a securely lockable area.
Circumstances under which recordings will be shown to a third party include:
unlawful acts (police)
occupational health and safety complaints (eg Workplace Health & Safety Officer and QLS’s Insurer)
when otherwise required by law (eg court order).
For further information, please contact the Facilities Manager, on (07) 3842 5873.
Collection of data via online surveys
QLS uses SurveyMonkey, a third party software supplier located in the United States of America, to administer online surveys. QLS will only use the information collected from SurveyMonkey for statistical and maintenance purposes and to assist with continuous improvement of our member services including professional development. Information you choose to provide on these surveys will be transferred to SurveyMonkey’s server in the United States of America. By completing these surveys, you agree to this transfer and Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 will not apply to this disclosure. A copy of SurveyMonkey's privacy policy can be found on their website.
Privacy documents
Form 1 - RTI and IP access application form
Form 2 - IP amendment application form
Privacy Code of Practice
Privacy Plan
Site Links
Find a solicitor
Find a mediator
Locum register
Ethics centre
Limitation of liability scheme
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Interest rates
Annual Report 2019-20
Practising certificates
Working at QLS
Lexon Insurance Pte Ltd
Trust accounting notification forms
Resources
Newsletters
Proctor
Media releases
Property contracts
Speeches
E-Conveyancing
Contact QLS
179 Ann Street, Brisbane, Qld 4000
1300 367 757
info@qls.com.au
We pay our respects to the Traditional Owners and keepers of this land and acknowledge all elders past, present and future.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Sitemap
Feedback
Privacy
Right to Information
© Queensland Law Society