http://www.thinkrecycle.com/privacy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar
TOP ^
Your Privacy Matters
Greentec is certified and complies with data protection regulations
We respect your right to privacy and value the trust you place in us with your private and sensitive information. We treat the privacy of all persons and organizations (“stakeholders”) dealing with us seriously. As such, we wish to declare our policy for collecting, using and disclosing private information.
This policy applies to information respecting individuals and information respecting stakeholders.
We do not sell personal or private stakeholder information. We do not provide this information to persons or organizations outside our organization for their marketing or business development purposes.
We require, by contract, that any person or organization providing products or services to Greentec stakeholders or employees on our behalf will protect the confidentiality of such information.
We limit the information that we collect to that necessary for conducting business.
Any information that we receive is kept confidential. Our employees who have access to information are made aware that information is to be kept confidential. Each employee must certify that he or she has maintained the confidentiality of the information entrusted to him or her.
We do not communicate private financial or statistical data of our customers, suppliers and employees with other outside of our company.
Any personal information that you provide to us will be collected, used and disclosed in accordance with applicable law and privacy policies.
Greentec takes every precaution necessary to protect your information and uses technological safeguards. While no safeguards can be considered 100% secure, we have adopted stringent restrictions to safeguard your information and have adopted the highest level of industry security standards.
If you have any questions about the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, please contact us by email info@greentec.com, by phone: 1.519.624.3300 by mail:
Greentec
95 Struck Court
Cambridge, ON N1R 8L2
Primary Sidebar
Featured On
CTV News | CBC News | Toronto Star
Areas Served
Cambridge
Hamilton
Kitchener
London
Markham
Mississauga
Toronto
Resources
Footer Social MediaFooter navigationPrivacy
AODA
Credentials
Business Pick-ups
Public Drop-offs
Sustainability Report
News/Blog
Greentec Gives Back
Support
Careers
Contact Us
Copyright Greentec 2020. All Rights Reserved
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram