http://www.gogirlfriend.com/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
Login |
Register |
Subscribe to the GG RSS Feed
Enter your keywords
Privacy Policy
JULIA'S MUSINGS, owned by Julia Rosien, is the sole proprietor of www.gogirlfriend.com (referred to as the "Website").
The Website is an online service that provides information and entertainment to the online audience and connects our Visitors and Registered Members together both socially and economically. People who become Registered Members on one of JULIA'S MUSINGS Websites can profile their lives online, view each other's profiles, and connect with others around shared social and economic interests. JULIA'S MUSINGS members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other members and the service communicates with them.
This Privacy Policy provides users and/or members of the Website with our policies and procedures with respect to the collection and use of identifiable information about your ("Personal Information") and details with respect to the choices you have about the use of that information. Use of the Website is governed by the TERMS OF USE, which incorporates this Privacy Policy by reference. In this regard, acceptance of the TERMS OF USE constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy, all as expressly provided in the TERMS OF USE.
By accepting the TERMS OF USE and therefore this Privacy Policy, you hereby consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You confirm that you know that the Website is a website operated by JULIA'S MUSINGS in Canada, and you consent to the transfer of your personal data to Canada, where your personal data will be subject to Canadian law and, if you live outside of Canada, where the level of data protection may be different compared to your country.
JULIA'S MUSINGS places the highest priority on online privacy. If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please email us at gogirlfriend@rogers.com
Notice to California Residents: Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (1) a list of the categories of information, such as name, address, email address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please write to us with a reference to California Disclosure Information at gogirlfriend@rogers.com
Children under age 13: Most JULIA'S MUSINGS operated Websites are not directed at children and the online services that we offer are designed for individuals who are 18 years of age or older. JULIA'S MUSINGS does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 and JULIA'S MUSINGS does not knowingly allow such persons to register with the Website. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for any JULIA'S MUSINGS site or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any Personal Information to or on a JULIA'S MUSINGS site. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under age 13, please contact us at gogirlfriend@rogers.com .
Children between the ages of 13 and 18: Minors over the age of 13 must ask their parents for permission prior to submitting personal data to JULIA'S MUSINGS.
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Registration Information
As described in the TERMS OF USE, you may use the Website as a "Visitor" (which means you are just browsing the Website) or a "Registered Member" (which means you have registered as a member of the Website). In order to register as a member of the Website, you must complete the online registration form and create a password and unique user name. During registration you may also be required to give Personal Information including your first name, last name, email address, province/ state, zip/postal code and date of birth. We use this information to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the Website. Some of your registration information also becomes part of your Personal Profile.
Personal Profile Information
If you are a Registered Member, you may have the option to provide profile information about yourself, such as your personal interests, gender, age, education and occupation, which the Website refers to as your "Personal Profile". We encourage you to submit relevant information so we can provide you with a more personalized experience on our sites. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in your Personal Profile. When you update information, we may keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Pictures
As a Registered Member, you may have the option to add one or more pictures to your Personal Profile. Each picture is designated as public and may be indexed in search engines and will be viewed by all members of that particular Website. You also can designate one picture as your "Main Profile Picture". Your Main Profile Picture (if you provide one) is always viewable by Visitors and Registered Members.
Promotions, Contests or Surveys
From time-to-time you may be offered the opportunity to participate in a promotion, contest or survey on the Website (we will refer to all of these activities as "Promotions"). If you participate in a Promotion, we (or a third party identified by JULIA'S MUSINGS) may request additional information from you, including Personal Information.
Invitations and Other Communications to Non-Members
We may offer you a referral service to tell a friend about our site. If you choose to use our referral service, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend an initial email inviting him or her to visit the Website. JULIA'S MUSINGS will store your friend's name and email address so that your friend may be added to your "friends list", and also to send reminders of the invitations. JULIA'S MUSINGS will not sell the email addresses you provide for referrals or use that information to send any other communication besides invitations and invitation reminders (up to three (3) per email address). Recipients of invitations from JULIA'S MUSINGS will be able to contact us at gogirlfriend@rogers.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Information from Other Sources
From time to time, we may receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. For example, we may receive confirmations or other feedback from third parties engaged in Promotions. Additionally, we may purchase demographic information about you to allow us to provide you with more personalized offerings. We also may obtain search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features; search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links from Google).
Website Traffic Information
We may also collect and analyze the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, login, email address, password, computer and connection information, browser type and version, and operating system. We also may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We collect this information from Visitors and Registered Members, typically through automated methods.
Cookies and Pixel Tags
A cookie is a small piece of information that a Website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer's hard drive. It acts as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer, but not you personally. A pixel tag, also known as a clear GIF or web beacon, is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of the Website but not on your computer. When you access these pages, pixel tags generate a generic notice of that visit. They usually work in conjunction with cookies, registering when a particular computer visits a particular page. If you turn off cookies, the pixel tag will simply detect an anonymous Website visit and certain features of the Website may not be available.
Third Party Advertisers
The advertisements appearing on this Website may be delivered to users by our advertisers. We share Website usage information for the purpose of targeting our advertisements on the Website.
Our advertisers may use cookies and/or clear GIFs. These cookies and clear GIFs allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements, which will help the advertisers determine which ads are clicked on.
This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. The information that our advertisers collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by JULIA'S MUSINGS and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
We may transfer Personal Information to certain advertisers that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the Personal Information and whose privacy statement will apply.
USE, SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Personal Information Always Shown
Registered Member information is displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the JULIA'S MUSINGS Website communities. The following Personal Information is always viewable by Visitors and Registered Members: your display name and your Main Profile Picture. To facilitate searching and finding friends and acquaintances on the service (discussed in more detail below), the Website allows users to search for other members using certain limited criteria, such as, but not limited to, first and last name, age, and email address; but only if and to the extent that you provide such information. The following sections describe additional information that may be viewable by others.
Searching Personal Profiles
The Website includes features that allow Visitors and Registered Members to search for your profile based on your first name, last name, display name, email address, province, state, city, zip code, country, date of birth, gender, age, your "friends" and all your Personal Profile information. If your Profile matches the search criteria it will be listed in the search results. As noted above, the information presented with your Profile depends upon your privacy settings, and whether the person conducting the search is a Visitor, Registered Member or your "friend". (Note: certain information about you, while not displayed, may be discoverable by specific or repeated searches).
Service Providers
The Website may use third parties to provide certain administrative and service-related services on our site. These third parties may have access to all of your Personal Information. These third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any other purpose.
Promotional Offers
Occasionally, the Website sends offers on behalf of other businesses. When the Website does this, it does not give that business your name or any other Personal Information. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and address) and demographic information (such as zip code). Unless the Website provides you notice of other terms, this Privacy Policy will control the disclosure and use of the information collected during the Promotion.
Providing Personalized Services to You
The Website stores information that is collected through cookies, log files, clear GIFs, Internet Traffic Information and/or third party sources to create a "profile" of your preferences. The Website ties Personal Information to information in the profile in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the site for users. The Website uses cookies and pixel tags to identify you as a return visitor and optimize and track your use of the Website. Doing so helps the Website provide enhanced features such as accelerated purchasing, customized and personalized shopping suggestions, personalized greetings, and storage of items in your shopping bag between visits.
The Website uses clear GIFs in HTML-based emails to determine which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows the Website to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. The Website also uses this information, which does not alone identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about the user base as a whole. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, you can do so in the "Your Account Settings" area of your Personal Profile.
The Website sets a persistent cookie to store your password, so you don't have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of the Website's business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on the site. The Website has no access to, or control over, these cookies, and an advertiser's use of cookies is subject to the advertiser's own privacy policy, not the JULIA'S MUSINGS Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers
To improve the offerings and selection at the Website, particular business units of JULIA'S MUSINGS may be bought by or merged with another entity, entities, or individuals. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice(s) (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the event that JULIA'S MUSINGS or substantially all of JULIA'S MUSINGS or the Website's assets are acquired, all customer information may be transferred to a third party purchaser.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
The Website shares aggregated demographic information about the user base with business partners (including advertisers). When sharing this information, the Website does not identify individual users.
Law Enforcement; Protection of JULIA'S MUSINGS and Others
JULIA'S MUSINGS does not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties. However, we may, on occasion, share some or all of your Personal Information with third parties for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. For example, Personal Information may be shared:
* With JULIA'S MUSINGS affiliates in order to administer marketing promotions;
* With third parties that provide us with services, such as processing and marketing.
These third parties may be located in other jurisdictions. Therefore, your information may be processed and stored in countries with legal requirements applicable in those jurisdictions.
It is sometimes necessary to release account and other information to third parties when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of JULIA'S MUSINGS, its users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. JULIA'S MUSINGS reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law and when it is believed that disclosure is necessary to protect JULIA'S MUSINGS rights and/or (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by JULIA'S MUSINGS, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the JULIA'S MUSINGS TERMS OF USE or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service.
With Your Consent
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to elect whether or not to share the information.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE WEBSITE
Communications Choice/Opt-out
Other than Service-Related Announcements and Customer Service communications (each described below), you may elect not to receive updates or notifications from JULIA'S MUSINGS by unchecking "Send Me All Notifications" on the "Your Account Settings" area of your Personal Profile ("Account Settings"). You also may elect to receive only specific types of notifications by checking one or more of the options available in Account Settings.
Special Offers and Updates
The Website will occasionally send you information on products, services, special deals and promotions. You can elect to receive these emails from us on our registration page. Out of respect for your privacy, the Website presents the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see Account Settings.
Newsletters
If you wish to subscribe to the Website newsletter(s), the Website will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, the Website will always provide you a way to unsubscribe. Please see Account Settings.
Service-related Announcements
The Website will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.
Customer Service
Based upon the Personal Information you provide to the Website, the Website will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. The Website will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries to provide the services you request and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not administrative in nature.
OTHER TERMS
Links to Other Sites
This Website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by JULIA'S MUSINGS. Please be aware that JULIA'S MUSINGS is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects Personal Information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Website.
Co-Branded sites
This Website may contain links to other sites that are co-branded together with a third party. In such cases, JULIA'S MUSINGS may or may not be responsible for the privacy practices of such co-branded sites. If JULIA'S MUSINGS is responsible for the privacy practices, then this Privacy Policy will apply. If JULIA'S MUSINGS is not responsible for the privacy practices and if the third party is not JULIA'S MUSINGS agent or service provider covered under this Privacy Policy, JULIA'S MUSINGS is not responsible for the privacy practices of such site. Again, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects Personal Information.
Chat Rooms, Journals and Blogs, Message Boards, Classifieds and Public Forums
Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to your chat rooms, journals, blogs, message boards, classifieds or any other public forums that that information can be accessed by the public. The Website is not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to The Website. The Website follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while The Website strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, its absolute security cannot be guaranteed. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time.
If you have any questions about security on the Website, you can email us at gogirlfriend@rogers.com.
USER CHOICES WITH REGARD TO ACCESS OF INFORMATION
You may correct, update or delete your Profile information, and update your registration information (other than with respect to your username) by logging into your account and choosing the "Update Profile" option (available when logged in and viewing your Home Page).
General
You always have the right to refrain from providing any information (other than information required for registration). This may have an impact on use of the Website and on the ease of making, or ability to make, purchases or taking advantage of certain unique features of the Website. By providing information about third parties, you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or obtained all necessary consents from such person to authorize us to collect, use and disclose the information of such third parties. All such information shall be governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Customer Communication
If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us (other than required service-related announcements described above), then please adjust your account setting regarding email contact preferences (please see Account Settings). You cannot waive the applicability of the Terms of Use and other legal notices, such as this Privacy Policy, and if you elect not to receive those notices, they will still govern your use of the Website, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.
Anonymous Browsing
A large number of products may be accessed without the use of cookies, or anonymously. In addition, the Federal trade Commission provides useful information about online privacy on its own Website, "Site Seeing on the Internet".
Changes in this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post the modified Privacy Policy on this Website to make users aware of what the changes are, so users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. A user is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the Website after those changes have been posted. If, however, the Website is going to use a Registered Member's Personal Information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users by posting a notice on the Website for 30 days.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Marketing Department, c/o gogirfriend@rogers.com.
GoGirlfriend Recommendations
Connect With Us
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Talk to Julia
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
SocialNorth.com
Let's Meet!
Las Vegas Market
High Point Market
Blissdom Canada
Travel Planning
Fodors
Lonely Planet
Frommers
On the go tips
Travel News
Julia's Musings
Reviews
Adults Only
Adventure
Arts & Culture
Beach & Island
Beauty & Fashion
Blissdom 2011
Budget Travel
Business Travel
Caribbean Beach Guide
Celebrity Travel
Contests
Cruises & Ports of Call
Ecotourism
Family
Florida Beaches Guide
Food & Wine
Girlfriend
Hiking Trails
Hotels
Island Resorts
Las Vegas Guide
LGBT Travel
Luxury
Meaghan's Getaways
Naturism
Offbeat
Princess Cruise
Product Reviews
Road Trip
Romantic
Shopping
Spa
Travel Essentials
Voluntourism
Destinations
Abroad
Canada
Caribbean
United States
Contributors
Amy Angelilli
Angela Braun
Ashley Welton
Brette Sember
Carly Milne
Casey Wohl
Cathryn Wellner
Deb Lowther
Dee Brun
Gennelle Smith
GG Staff
Holly Rosen Fink
Jen Hyland
Jody Nabuurs
Julia Rosien
Kathleen Ameche
Kelly McIntyre
Kirsty Connolly
Meaghan Coneybeare
Michele McIntyre
Nichole Stevens
Olivia Millwood
Stacy Rosien
Suzanna Keith
Membership is free and with it you can set up a profile, vote on stories and post your opinions.
Already a member?
Not a member? Join!
Most Recent Comments
On 6 Tips to Survive (and Thrive) in Self-Isolation, admin said "Thanks Bat-El for the great tip. We've included your link in our Bonus Ideas from our Community section so others can enjoy. I really enjoyed the Stonehenge tour ... it's on my bucket list!"
On 6 Tips to Survive (and Thrive) in Self-Isolation, Bat-El Galor said "My name is Bat-El, and I'm working in collaboration with Travel Trend website.
We've recently published a post -"Top 100 virtual tours around the world".
After looking at these wonderful tips to survive in self-isolation; It occurred to me that our post could also contribute to your readers with further virtual tours resources.
The post includes 100 links to virtual tours and unique experiences around the world. Feel free to check out the link and enjoy your travels ... https://www.trvltrend.com/technology/virtual-tours/
Cheers,"
On Cuba Travel ~ 10 Things You Need to Know Before You Go, admin said "Thanks Gordon for the update ... and given most routes to the resorts on the coast are an hour+ and it's Cuban warm, that money for a beverage is a great tip!"
On Cuba Travel ~ 10 Things You Need to Know Before You Go, Gordon Mitchell said "Over the last few years The $25 departure tax has been included in your airfare. Make sure you convert your cash at the airport so you can buy a cold beer on the bus on your way to the resort. They will take canadian money but not loonies and toonies.
"
On Lesbian Adventure Travel, Debbie Clarke said "If you're considering New Zealand, then New Zealand Awaits is lesbian owned and operated (yes I'm the founder, owner, and guide). We run active and not so active tours for lesbians, as well as some LGBTQ mixed trips. We create itineraries for travellers wanting to self drive, and we have private guides. Come see us! "
Blogs We Love
Check out our GoGirlfriend Facebook page to follow us as we seek new adventures and create memories in our own part of the world.
Advertisement
About GG
Contact GG
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertise With GG
Press Release
Write for GG
Sitemap