http://www.electionaccess.org/help/terms/
Home
Help
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
The following terms and conditions apply to all visitors to and users of the International Foundation for Electoral Systems (“IFES”) website, www.ElectionAccess.org (“website”). By continuing to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions (“terms of use”), as they may be modified by us at any time and posted on this website. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use this website. In the event of a violation of these terms and conditions, we reserve the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity.
The terms “IFES,” “us,” “our” and “we” refer to the owner of this website. The terms “you” and “your” refer to the user or viewer of this website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
1. Limited License to Use Materials
In connection with the creation, hosting, maintenance and/or display of the website, IFES uses certain IFES proprietary materials or other materials licensed to IFES, including, but not limited to, software, HTML code, scripts, text, artwork, photographs, images, video, audio, trademarks, service marks and trade names (collectively, "materials") that are protected by copyright laws and other U.S. and international laws and treaties. All materials are provided by IFES as a service to the visitors to and users of this website, and, unless otherwise authorized, may be used only for personal informational purposes and only if you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. No right, title or interest in our materials is conveyed to you. This is a limited license, not a transfer of title to our materials, and such license is subject to the following restrictions:
You may not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit this website, any of its materials, or any related software without our prior written permission, which may be requested as specified in Section 2 below.
You may not access or use the website or the materials for any commercial purpose.
You will not permit any copying of our materials. Any unauthorized copying, alteration, distribution, transmission, performance, display or other use of these materials is prohibited.
Upon receipt of permission to reproduce the material, you shall place our copyright and proprietary notices on such reproduced materials. We may revoke this limited license at any time for any or no reason. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by IFES.
2. Requests for Permission
Requests for permission to use our materials should include the following information:
A description of the material(s) for which permission to use is desired.
The purpose for which the material(s) will be used and the manner in which it will be used.
Your name, title, company or organization name, telephone number, fax number, email address and mailing address.
Please send all requests for permission to:
Communications & Advocacy
International Foundation for Electoral Systems
1850 K Street, NW, Fifth Floor
Washington, DC 20006
Email: editor@ifes.org
Fax: 202.350.6701
3. Trademarks
IFES retains all rights regarding its trademarks, trade names, brand names, logos and trade dress. These marks, names or trade dress, and all associated logos or images, are registered and/or common law trademarks, and are protected by U.S. and international laws and treaties. No license to the use of such marks, names or trade dress is granted to you under these terms of use or by your use of this website. Your misuse of the trademarks, trade names, brand names or trade dress displayed on this website is strictly prohibited.
4. Links
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). Access to these sites is at your own risk, and IFES will have no liability arising out of or related to such websites and/or their content or for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website.
5. Your Communications
IFES may use any information contained in any communication you send to the website for any purpose whatsoever. Any personally identifiable information you provide to IFES through the website shall be subject to the website’s Privacy Policy.
6. Disclaimer of Warranty
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors, and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. As a result, access to this Website is provided to our visitors and users "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. You acknowledge, by your use of this website, that your use is at your own risk. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing disclaimer may not fully apply to you. IFES reserves the right to block or deny access to the website to anyone at any time for any or no reason.
7. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL IFES BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEBSITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT, BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENT, EVEN IF IFES IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In some jurisdictions, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations on liability may not fully apply to you.
8. Revisions
We may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this website, including the availability of any features of the website, at any time and without notice. We also reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these terms in whole or in part, at any time and without notice. Your continued use of this website after any changes to these terms are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
9.  Jurisdiction
IFES controls this website from its offices within Washington, D.C. If you access this website from outside of the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with your local laws. The terms of this website shall be governed by the laws of the District of Columbia, United States of America, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.
More Help
How to use this site
An explanation of the different resources available at ElectionAccess.org, including an overview of country categories and frequently asked questions.
Accessibility
Provides explanations on how to use or adjust accessibility features such as text size, theme colors, captions, and alt-text for images.
Cookies
How cookies are used by ElectionAccess.org
Privacy
Overview of privacy on ElectionAccess.org
How can we improve this page?
Thank you for helping us.