http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1994/09.94
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
September 1994
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
Editor: Professor Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57
Worth Street, New York, N.Y. 10013
ASLeonard@aol.com
Circulation: Audrey Hartmann, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003.
212-353-9118
(C) 1994 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755-9021
Contributing Writers:
Otis Damslet, Esq., New York City
Kevin Isom, Esq., Atlanta
Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City
Todd V. Lamb, J.D., New York City
Dirk Williams, J.D., Boston
Robert Bourguignon, Student, Brooklyn Law School
Paul Twarog, Student, New York Law School
CINCINNATI ANTI-GAY LAW VOIDED BY FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT
In a resounding rebuff to organizations sponsoring anti-gay
ballot initiatives around the country, the federal district court
in Cincinnati has ruled that those measures that go beyond a
simple repeal of existing gay rights laws violate the 1st and
14th amendments of the federal constitution.
Ruling on a
challenge to "Issue 3," an amendment to the Cincinnati City
Charter passed by 62 percent of the voters in November 1993, U.S.
District Judge S. Arthur Spiegel issued a permanent injunction
against the amendment taking effect.
The defendant intervenors,
proponents of Issue 3, have filed an appeal to the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 6th Circuit.
The Cincinnati City Council will
decide whether to appeal when it meets in September. Equality
Foundation v. City of Cincinnati (U.S.Dist.Ct., S.D.Ohio, Aug.
9).
In 1991, the council passed an ordinance forbidding sexual
orientation discrimination by the city, and in 1992 passed an
ordinance extending the discrimination ban to private sector
employment, public accommodations and housing.
In response, an
organization calling itself Equal Rights Not Special Rights
organized to place a charter amendment on the ballot.
Issue 3
provided that the city could not "enact, adopt, enforce or
administer any ordinance, regulation, rule or policy which
provides that homosexual, lesbian, or bisexual orientation,
status, conduct, or relationship constitutes, entitles, or
otherwise provides a person with the basis to have any claim of
minority or protected status, quota preference or other
preferential treatment."
Issue 3 also provided that it would be
self-enforcing, and would nullify any existing policies that
violate "the foregoing prohibition."
After Issue 3 was approved
by the voters, an organization that had actively opposed it,
Equality Foundation of Greater Cincinnati, Inc., obtained a
temporary injunction against it going into effect.
The trial was a battle of experts, and Spiegel's detailed fact
findings clearly show that he found the plaintiffs' experts to be
much more credible than the defendants'.
The findings of fact
are a crucial part of the opinion, because they reject almost all
the factual predicates underlying previous negative opinions by
federal courts in gay rights cases.
Spiegel found, for instance,
that "homosexuals comprise between 5 and 13% of the population,"
that "sexual orientation is a characteristic which exists
separately and independently from sexual conduct or behavior,"
that it is "a deeply rooted, complex combination of factors
including a predisposition towards affiliation, affection, or
bonding with members of the oppose and/or the same gender," that
it is set at an early age and "bears no relation to an
individual's ability to perform, contribute to, or participate in
society," that it is not a mental illness, that gays have
"suffered a history of pervasive, irrational and invidious
discrimination in government and private employment, in political
organization and in all facets of society in general," and so
forth.
The plaintiffs attacked Issue 3 on several different theories,
and prevailed on each of them!
Spiegel found that sexual
orientation is a "quasi-suspect classification," meaning that any
governmental policy discriminating on that basis would be subject
to heightened scrutiny, requiring a showing of an important
government interest, and he also found, in agreement with the
Colorado Supreme Court's intermediate decision in Evans v. Romer,
854 P.2d 1270 (Colo.), cert. denied, 114 S.Ct. 419 (1993), that
Issue 3 violated a fundamental right of equal participation in
the political process, justifying "strict scrutiny" under the
14th amendment.
However, even were a reviewing court to disagree
with Spiegel on both counts and find that Issue 3 should be
evaluated under the rational basis test, Spiegel concluded that
Issue 3 must fall because none of the interests argued by the
state passed the rational basis test.
In holding that sexual orientation is a quasi-suspect
classification, Spiegel reviewed factors that the Supreme Court
has considered in past cases as bearing on the level of review in
an equal protection case.
He found that the most significant
factors were a group identity independent of the issue raised by
the challenged legislation and basically beyond the control of
any individual member of the group, a history of invidious
discrimination based on that group identity, and a finding that
the characteristic in question does not affect the ability of a
member of the group to perform, participate in, or contribute to
society.
Spiegel found the issue of "immutability" to be of much
lesser significance, and strongly disagreed with those courts who
have characterized homosexuality as "behavioral" rather than an
indicia of group status.
For him, a distinction between status
and conduct was clear and decisive in holding that sexual
orientation, as such, is a status characteristic rather than a
behavioral phenomenon.
Finally, turning to the much debated
issue of whether gays are a "politically powerless" group, a
factor that he found to be of lesser significance in making the
suspect classification determination, Spiegel found that gays
"suffer significant political impediments" due to the traditional
stigmatization of homosexuality that makes it difficult for gays
to form the political coalitions necessary to pass legislation.
While acknowledging the success of the gay rights movement in
obtaining some state and local legislation against
discrimination, Spiegel noted that gays had lost all but a
handful of the initiative or referendum battles sparked by anti-
gay groups, and that openly gay and lesbian public officials were
very few compared to the estimated size of the gay population.
Spiegel did not explain why he concluded that sexual orientation
only merited quasi-suspect rather than suspect treatment for
equal protection purposes, merely stating his conclusion as to
the former.
One suspects that it was because the Supreme Court
treats sex as a quasi-suspect classification.
The justifications for Issue 3 articulated by the defendants were
so laughable that they were easily disposed of by Spiegel,
although he showed somewhat exaggerated courtesy to the
defendants in discussing them.
Indeed, it appeared that the
defendants struggled mightily to come up with justifications
other than "we think gays are immoral and so should be relegated
to second class citizenship."
They argued that adding sexual
orientation to civil rights laws would strain enforcement
resources and deflect from the protection of groups defined by
suspect classifications (such as racial and ethnic minorities).
They argued for deregulation of private conduct by employers,
landlords, etc., and refraining from imposing "a uniform,
doctrinaire view concerning the moral relevance of homosexual
behavior on all segments of the community," and, somewhat
contradictorily, that Issue 3 was a legitimate articulation of
the community morality that was within the electoral competence
of the general public.
Spiegel found all these arguments
unpersuasive.
Were this not enough, however, Spiegel also found that Issue 3
violated the plaintiffs' 1st Amendment rights to free speech and
association and to petition the government for redress of
grievances, and that the clumsily worded initiative was so
indeterminate in its meaning as to violate fundamental due
process requirements for legislation.
Spiegel denied that his decision was giving anyone "special
rights." "In voiding the Issue 3 Amendment, this Court is in no
way giving any group any rights above and beyond those enjoyed by
all citizens," he wrote. "To the contrary, we are simply, but
crucially, preventing one group of citizens from being deprived
of the very rights we all share.
Furthermore, nothing in this
Order should be construed in any way as impugning the integrity
or motives of those who voted in favor of the passage of the
Issue 3 Amendment.
Likewise we are not in any way depriving
anyone of the right to vote, nor are we undermining the
importance of that vote.
Rather, this Order merely explores the
permissible scope of governmental legislation under the
Constitution.
And despite the fact that a majority of voters may
support a given law, rights protected by the Constitution can
never be subordinated to the vote of the majority.
While at
times this may seem unfair, especially when deeply emotional
issues are involved, indeed it is the fairest, and most deeply
rooted, of all of this Nation's rich traditions."
The case now goes to the 6th Circuit, which does not have an
affirmative record on gay issues, but the variety of theories
under which the district court found Issue 3 constitutionally
defective supports an optimistic prediction.
Equality Foundation
was represented at trial by local volunteer attorneys with the
assistance of Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund and the Ohio
Human Rights Bar Association.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Massachusetts High Court Says Religious Freedom May Trump Marital
Status Discrimination Law
In a 4-3 decision, the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court held
that a statute prohibiting discrimination on the basis of marital
status impaired the rights of landlords to freely practice their
religion by requiring them to rent to unmarried cohabitants.
Attorney General v. Desilets, 636 N.E.2d 233 (July 14). The
opinion written by Justice Herbert Wilkins vacated a grant of
summary judgment for the defendants-landlords (who had refused to
rent an apartment to an unmarried heterosexual couple on grounds
of religiously-based disapproval of fornication) and was the
first from a state's highest court to consider the issue.
Interpreting the Massachusetts Constitution as conferring
religious freedom according to cases prior to Employment Div. v.
Smith, 494 U.S. 872 (1990), the court weighed the burden on the
landlords' religion against the state's interest in enforcing its
statute prohibiting discrimination in housing.
Holding first
that the statute burdened the landlords' free practice of their
religion, the court then proceeded to also find an issue of
material fact in whether the state could justify the enforcement
of its statute by showing an important government interest.
The
court rejected as overly general arguments that the governmental
interest served was the elimination of discrimination.
Noting
that the marital status discrimination prohibition was statutory
rather than constitutional, and that the state's criminal
fornication law provided a basis for presuming a public policy
against cohabitation, the court concluded that the state's
interest in eliminating discrimination was diminished.
The court
did, however, leave a possible escape hatch, allowing that the
state could possibly prove a compelling interest in enforcing the
law by quantifying the impact of housing discrimination against
unmarried couples.
Finding neither facts in the record nor
legislative findings to that effect, the court remanded the case
back to the trial court.
A separate concurrence agreed with the result but would have
construed one provision of the Massachusetts Constitution
differently, requiring a showing that the defendants' practice of
their religion had "breached the peace" before proceeding to the
balancing test.
The three dissenting justices would have
affirmed the grant of summary judgment for the landlords, finding
that no combination of facts would justify requiring the
defendants to comply with the law because their constitutional
right to religious freedom trumped the statutory prohibition
against marital status discrimination.
D.W.
Oregon Appeals Court Upholds Written Agreement Relinquishing
Sperm Donor's Paternal Status
In Leckie v. Voorhies, 875 P.2d 521 (May 25), the Oregon Court of
Appeals considered whether to uphold an agreement between a
lesbian mother and a sperm donor relinquishing the donor's
parental rights in the daughter born of alternative insemination.
The trial court had entered summary judgment against both the
donor's filiation claim under Oregon Rev. Stat. sec. 109.125 and
his "psychological parent" claim under Oregon Rev. Stat. sec.
109.119(5).
The donor appealed only on the filiation claim, but
the court of appeals affirmed the summary judgment.
The donor had entered into a written agreement with the mother
and her partner ("the recipients").
The agreement provided that
"each party acknowledges and agrees that donor provided his semen
for purposes of said artificial insemination, and did so with the
clear understanding that he would not demand, request, or compel
any guardianship or custody with any child born from the
artificial insemination.
Further, donor acknowledges that he
understood that he would have no paternal rights whatsoever with
the child."
In addition, the agreement provided that the
recipients relinquished all right to seek financial support for
the child from the donor, and the donor relinquished all right to
file a paternity suit.
The agreement provided for limited
visitation by the donor, but only at the convenience of the
recipients.
The agreement specifically stated that the donor
would be only a good male role model, not a father.
A daughter was born in 1988, and during the first three years of
her life the donor visited her regularly and made substantial
financial contributions for her benefit.
The daughter
occasionally referred to the donor as "dad" without objection
from the recipients.
Disputes arose, however, over the donor's
desire to participate more fully in the daughter's life.
Nevertheless, after mediation in 1991, the parties reaffirmed
their original agreement.
Six months later the donor filed suit
to establish paternity.
Writing for the appeals court, Judge J.J. Haselton held that
summary judgment was appropriate because the donor had expressly
and effectively waived all parental rights, including the right
to file a paternity suit.
The court discounted the donor's
argument that the parties' conduct had modified the agreement,
noting that the parties had reaffirmed the agreement after
mediation.
Finally, the court distinguished its holding in
McIntyre v. Crouch, 780 P.2d 239, rev. denied, 784 P.2d 1100
(1989), where the sperm donor pleaded that he had donated his
semen in reliance on an agreement that he would remain active in
the child's life and would participate in all important decisions
concerning the child.
K.I.
Other Domestic Relations Rulings
The New York Appellate Division, 3rd Department, has unanimously
rejected the contention that "exceptional circumstances" must be
shown before a single adult can adopt a child.
Matter of Byron
"K", 1994 WL 368373 (July 14).
Charles "L", a gay man, filed a
petition to adopt two young children, Byron and his brother
Wolfgang.
A hearing was held at which Charles and his partner
appeared and testified, and the court received reports from the
childrens' law guardian and the local adoption service.
Nobody
opposed the adoption, but Albany County Family Court Judge Gerard
Maney rejected Charles's petition, finding (on the basis of no
authority or precedent) that a single-parent adoption required a
showing of exceptional circumstances (i.e., unavailability of a
placement with a married couple), and that no such showing had
been made.
"There must be a reversal," asserted Justice D. Bruce
Crew III for the court, noting that N.Y. Domestic Relations Law
sec. 110 specifically states that an adult unmarried person may
adopt a child, and that "relevant regulations" prohibit adoption
agencies from either considering marital status of applicants or
establishing policies disfavoring single or divorced applicants.
Concluding that Charles's petition should have been granted, Crew
rejected Maney's finding that the adoption agency and law
guardian's approval was predicated on "both petition and his
partner serving as parents for the children.
Although the record
indicates that petitioner's partner intended to act as a co-
parent and was evaluated as part of the home study. . ., the
pertinent reports clearly recognize petitioner as the sole
applicant for adoption and recommend approval of his application
on that basis.
Additionally, the record reveals that the
children, both of whom have special needs, have made great
strides since becoming members of petitioner's family."
Anne
Reynolds Copps of Troy, N.Y., represented petitioners, with
amicus assistance from Beatrice Dohrn of Lambda Legal Defense
Fund.
A.S.L.
In McKolanis v. McKolanis, 1994 WL 378513 (Pa. Super. Ct., July
20), the issue was whether a wife was entitled to spousal support
upon leaving the marital home after learning that the husband was
a cross-dresser.
(The terms "cross-dresser" and "transvestite"
were used interchangeably in the opinion.)
The trial court ruled
that the wife was justified in leaving upon learning of this, and
awarded spousal support.
The superior court affirmed.
The
opinion is noteworthy for its detailed analysis of the standards
of review, its thorough consideration of the (arguably)
applicable precedent, and its cavalier acceptance of the
proposition that the husband's taste for cross-dressing, without
more -- the husband was apparently so discreet about this that
the wife didn't learn until told by the husband after nine years
of marriage -- justified the wife's departure from the marital
home.
S.K.
Hebler v. Hebler, 1994 WL 442648 (Conn. Super. Ct., Aug. 4),
reports the divorce of Kenneth and Mary Jane Hebler.
Kenneth and
Mary Jane first married in 1971 and divorced in 1977.
They
remarried in 1978; five months later Kenneth told Mary Jane that
he was gay, but they decided to stay married for the sake of
their son, then six years old.
In mid-1984 Kenneth moved out of
the house, but continued to turn over his paycheck to Mary Jane,
while living rent-free with a succession of gay lovers in various
locations and, for some time, with his mother, and relying on
expense account reimbursements from his job as a field service
engineer for Memorex Telex.
After the son was grown up and no
longer living at home, Kenneth filed a petition for divorce,
which was contested by Mary Jane.
(The grounds of contesting the
divorce are not recited in the opinion by Judge Santos, but
presumably had to do with Kenneth's proposed financial
settlement.)
The court granted the divorce on the ground of
"irretrievable breakdown" of the marriage.
Kenneth's
homosexuality was not discussed as an issue in the opinion, other
than to note his various residences with gay lovers during the
marriage.
The financial settlement leaves Mary Jane with the
marital home, as to which she assumes obligations of a first
mortgage and he assumes obligations of later mortgages taken out
to finance a business venture he undertook with other partners
that was unsuccessful.
Kenneth has to pay $50 a week alimony for
five years, and shield Mary Jane from any liability arising from
his business venture, to which she had loaned money.
A.S.L.
The evil of Alison D. v. Virginia M. 77 N.Y.2d 651 (N.Y., 1991),
lives on.
In that case, New York's highest court held that a
"biological stranger" to a child, even one who has form a parent-
child relationship such as a lesbian co-parent, is not entitled
to seek visitation rights.
Now the N.Y. Appellate Division, 3rd
Department, has applied Alison D. to bar a great-grandparent from
seeking visitation with his great-grandson, in Matter of David M.
v. Lisa M., No. 69182 (see article in N.Y. Law Journal, Aug. 22,
p.1.
In this case, Family Court found that the child and the
petitioner "had a very warm and close relationship" and that the
petitioner was the child's "primary caretaker" for several years
while the child's mother was living with her grandparents.
But
the court, affirmed by the 3rd Dept., found that the domestic
relations statute had limited visitation rights to parents,
siblings and grandparents, and had to be strictly construed.
"As
observed in [Alison D.], wrote Justice Paul J. Yesawich, Jr.,
"the Legislature has apparently found no compelling reason to
permit distant relatives, or parties with whom a child has
established a relationship, to seek or obtain visitation."
Furthermore, a common law basis for ordering visitation could
only be found "upon a showing of `some compelling state purpose
which furthers the child's best interests.'"
A.S.L.
Montana Sodomy Challenge Survives Motion to Dismiss on Standing
Grounds
Montana District Court Judge Jeffrey Sherlock rejected the
state's motion to dismiss in Gryczan v. State, No. BDV-93-1869
(Lewis & Clark County, June 28), a declaratory judgment action
challenging the constitutionality of sec. 45-5-505, MCA, which
makes "deviate sexual conduct" a felony when engaged in by
persons of the same sex, regardless of consent or where the
conduct occurs.
The state argued that none of the named plaintiffs, all self-
identified as lesbians or gay men, have standing to sue, because
none have been prosecuted or threatened with prosecution under
the statute.
Characterizing the plaintiffs' allegations of fear
of prosecution and discrimination arising from the existence of
the statute as "speculative" and "imaginary," the state argued
that there was no justiciable controversy.
The state noted that
there are no reported decisions arising under the current sodomy
law or any of its predecessors involving consenting adults
engaged in private sexual activity; all recorded cases involved
public sex or sex with minors.
The plaintiffs argued that
Montana courts had recognized standing of citizens to challenge
criminal statutes alleged to violate constitutional provisions
intended to benefit the public at large, such as the right of
privacy, and that as homosexuals they were the most appropriate
people to challenge the sodomy law.
They relied on Blanchette v.
Connecticut Gen'l Ins. Corp., 419 U.S. 102 (1974), in which the
Supreme Court discussed justiciability in the context of
declaratory judgment actions under criminal statutes.
Ultimately, Judge Sherlock seemed to rely more on the Supreme
Court's decision in Epperson v. Arkansas, 393 U.S. 97 (1968), a
declaratory judgment action brought by a teacher seeking to
invalidate a state law outlawing the teaching of evolution.
Although the law had never been enforced and the teacher never
threatened with prosecution, the Supreme Court ruled on the
merits in the case and never questioned the plaintiff's standing.
Sherlock noted that the sodomy law had been amended by the
legislature several times in recent years, and that recent
attempts to have it repealed had been unsuccessful.
"Clearly,
the Montana legislature has reinforced the idea that this is a
viable and enforceable statute," he observed.
"This Court will
not assume that law enforcement agencies will perpetually ignore
a statute when our legislature continues to support its
validity."
Furthermore, taking the factual allegations of the plaintiffs'
complaint as true for purposes of deciding the motion, Sherlock
found that plaintiffs had alleged sufficient personal injury:
"Plaintiffs . . . allege that the statute fosters discrimination,
harassment, and violence from society.
The statute has often
caused Plaintiffs to alter the manner in which they would
normally conduct their lives.
Plaintiffs also allege that
because the statute labels them as felons, it can and has been
used in third party contexts to deny or restrict rights of
Plaintiffs and other homosexuals. . .
The Court feels that these
allegations regarding the societal reactions to lesbians and gay
men have a sufficient nexus to the statute at issue to create a
justiciable controversy.
If these allegations are taken as true,
the statute could certainly be said to foster these reactions by
condoning the idea that homosexuality is criminal and thus in
some way immoral. . .
The rights of privacy and dignity are
specifically guaranteed in the Montana Constitution and are
fundamental rights of every Montana citizen.
This Court does not
take the guarantee of these rights lightly. . .
The Court feels
that to deny Plaintiffs access to this forum when such basic and
fundamental constitutional rights are at issue would effectively
nullify the purposes of the Declaratory Judgment Act and leave
Plaintiffs with no legal redress.
Thus, the Court finds that
Plaintiffs shall be given the opportunity to proceed on their
complaint and try to prove to the Court the merits of their
grievances.
Perhaps they will win, perhaps not.
At least, they
should be allowed to present their arguments in court." A.S.L.
New York Jury Convicts Murderer of Senior Cravath Partner; Court
Admits Evidence of Past Sexual Trysts
Evidence of a murder victim's past sexual conduct is admissible
when it has a significant bearing on the issues in the case,
ruled Acting Justice Gerald Scheindlin in People v. Childs, 1994
WL 396601 (N.Y.Sup.Ct., Bronx County, June 30).
Raymond Childs
was convicted of the murder of David Schwartz.
Schwartz was the
former chief attorney for the real estate practice at Cravath,
Swain & Moore.
Childs testified that Schwartz had invited him to
a professional football game.
On the day of the game their plans
changed and they ended up spending the day at Schwartz's
Connecticut home.
After returning to the Bronx, Schwartz checked
the two of them into a motel under a false name.
Childs claimed
that once in the motel room Schwartz unexpectedly grabbed Childs'
penis through his pants.
Childs claimed that this action caused
him extreme emotional distress that led him to murder Schwartz.
An effective extreme emotional distress defense would reduce the
charge against Childs from second degree murder to manslaughter.
To corroborate his rendition of the facts and establish his
defense, Childs sought to introduce evidence of Schwartz's prior
visits to the same motel with other young men for the purpose of
having sex.
Normally under New York law such evidence is
considered presumptively irrelevant.
However, the court made a
distinction between showing the victim's morality and introducing
evidence that has some bearing on the case.
In the instant case
the evidence was relevant to explain why the victim and defendant
were together in the motel room, to corroborate Childs' statement
that Schwartz grabbed his penis, to establish Schwartz's state of
mind, and to show that Schwartz was not an exclusive
heterosexual.
Despite admission of this evidence, the jury did
not believe Childs' extreme emotional distress defense and
convicted him of second degree murder.
[Note: Schwartz's murder was the subject of an extensive
investigative article in The New Yorker, June 21, 1993.] T.V.L.
Federal Litigation Notes
Transsexuals have been notably unsuccessful in obtaining
protection under laws that forbid discrimination on the basis of
sex.
The District of Columbia Human Rights Act goes further,
however, also banning discrimination on the basis of sexual
orientation and personal appearance.
Patricia Underwood, a
postoperative male-to-female transsexual, filed suit under the
D.C. Act after she was discharged by Archer Management Services,
Inc., alleging discrimination on all three bases mentioned above.
She specifically alleged that she was discharged "because she is
a transsexual and retains some masculine traits."
The employer
moved to dismiss the case for failure to state a claim, arguing
that the Act does not forbid discrimination against transsexuals.
U.S. District Judge Richey disagreed, at least in part, finding
that Underwood's factual allegations arguably stated a claim of
discrimination on the basis of personal appearance (i.e., the
reference to "masculine traits").
Richey followed well-
established Title VII precedent in dismissing that portion of the
complaint based on sex discrimination.
Interestingly, he also
dismissed the portion based on sexual orientation discrimination,
finding that none of Underwood's factual allegations raised any
issue about her sexual orientation (and implicitly recognizing
that sexual orientation and transsexuality are distinct
phenomena).
1994 WL 369468 (U.S. Dist. Ct., D.C., July 12).
* *
*
Joanne E. DeGroat, formerly Joseph W. DeGroat, is suing the
Air Force in the U.S. District Court, S.D. Ohio, claiming that
her discharge for being out of uniform violated her 1st Amendment
rights of freedom of expression, together with other claims.
(Dayton Daily News, July 22.)
DeGroat claims that as part of
long-running treatment running up to her planned sex-reassignment
surgery, she was encouraged and counselled by Air Force medical
staff to dress in female street clothing while off base and off
duty.
Then a neighbor turned her in to the Air Force for cross-
dressing, and her commanding officer ordered her to dress as a
male until her separation from the Air Force, and initiated a
discharge action against DeGroat on the ground of exhibiting
"sexual perversion by attiring himself in female clothing."
DeGroat was honorably discharged for substandard duty
performance, and subsequently had her surgery. A.S.L.
A heterosexual plaintiff who claims that his early wash-out from
Marine training was due to a homophobic drill sergeant who
incorrectly believed he was gay lost his bid to get his discharge
record changed in Farley v. Perry, 1994 WL 413316 (U.S. Dist.
Ct., D.C., July 20).
Robert Farley claims he enlisted along with
a friend with the understanding they would go through basic
training together.
After enlistment, however, he and his friend
received separate assignments.
Farley complained to his drill
sergeant, who decided he must be gay and proceeded to harass him
based on this inference.
Farley claims that his acceptance of a
discharge less than one month after enlisting was due to this
situation.
His discharge record shows that he was released based
on his performance and conduct, and the narrative for his RE-3F
code states "failure to complete recruit training."
Farley
subsequently petitioned the Board for Correction of Naval Records
to change this discharge code, asserting that it was getting in
the way of his attempt to gain employment as a police officer.
The Board denied his request, and he filed suit in federal court.
District Judge Oberdorfer rejected the Defense Department's claim
that Farley's suit was time-barred, but, applying the "arbitrary
and capricious" standard for administrative review of the board's
decision, found that the record provided adequate support for
that decision, since Farley essentially conceded that he failed
to complete basic training.
A.S.L.
The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
has dismissed federal civil rights claims brought by a landlord
against a gay couple who were renting some property from him.
Goehring v. Wright, 1994 WL 385385 (July 20).
According to Edwin
Goehring's complaint, Eddy Wright and Rudy Robledo, together with
other neighbors and the local police department, conspired to
have hate crime charges filed against Goehring based on false
allegations that Goehring and his wife had threatened and
harassed Wright and Robledo because of their sexual orientation.
Goehring was acquitted of the hate crime charges, and
subsequently asserted tort claims against Wright, Robledo, other
neighbors and the police in state court.
Subsequently, Goehring
amended his complaint to add federal civil rights claims under 42
U.S.C. secs. 1981 and 1985, and the matter was removed to federal
court.
Shortly before the scheduled trial date, the defendants
moved to dismiss.
The action was referred to Magistrate Infante,
who found that the federal claims lacked merit on their face and
dismissed them.
However, Infante found that remaining state law
claims for malicious prosecution and defamation should be
remanded back to state court for trial.
An interesting portion
of the decision discusses Goehring's claim that he was being
persecuted because, as a German-American, he was perceived as a
neo-Nazi by his tenants and neighbors, who had falsely claimed to
the police that Goehring and his wife carried loaded guns which
they shot in all directions while drunk, shouting abusive
epithets and threats.
From reading this opinion, it sounds like
there was quite a ruckus in Santa Clara County!
A.S.L.
Oregon Appeals Court Revives Heterosexual's Tort Claims for Anti-
Gay Harassment
Heterosexuals who are incorrectly perceived to be gay may need
protection against homophobes, as the Oregon Court of Appeals
realized in reviving various tort claims in Whelan v.
Albertson's, Inc., 129 Or. App. 501, 1994 WL 419897 (Aug. 10).
Francis Whelan was a security guard employed by American
Protective Services who was assigned to work in a store owned by
Albertson's.
Brian Flemming, the store manager, and Jeffrey
Schedin, a non-supervisory employee at the store, perceived that
Whelan was gay.
They engaged in name-calling, invective and
intimidation, including an actual physical assault by Schedin,
with some of this misconduct occurring in the presence of store
customers and other employees.
Whelan told the two men that he
was not gay, but they persisted nonetheless.
The court's opinion
describes the harassment in graphic detail.
After many
complaints by Whelan, APS assigned him to a different location.
Whelan filed suit against Albertson's, Flemming and Schedin,
alleging intentional infliction of emotional distress,
interference with contractual relations, battery, civil
intimidation and negligence.
After entering a stipulated
judgment for battery and civil intimidation against Schedin, the
trial court dismissed the remaining claims against Albertson's
and Flemming.
Writing for the appeals court, Judge Riggs found that the stream
of nasty invective directed against Whelan in public in
embarrassing and humiliating circumstances did state a claim
against Flemming for intentional infliction of emotional distress
as well as intentional interference with contract.
However, the
court sustained dismissal of the claim that Flemming was
negligent in failing to curb Schedin's misbehavior toward Whelan.
Riggs also held that Albertson's could be found vicariously
liable for Flemming's torts, thus reviving those claims as well,
although dismissing a claim that Albertson's was negligent in its
supervision of Flemming.
This decision can provide a useful
precedent, especially in jurisdictions that lack gay rights laws,
for seeking damages on behalf of employees subjected to severe
anti-gay harassment on the job.
[Note: Had Whelan been an
employee of Albertson's, rather than the employee of an
independent contractor, torts claims based on negligence would
probably have been impossible to maintain against Albertson's due
to Workers Compensation preemption. In most jurisdictions,
however, Worker's Compensation does not preempt intentional tort
claims, such as those for which Albertson was found to be
potentially liable in this opinion.]
A.S.L.
Florida Jury Acquits Video Store Clerk on Obscenity Charge
Apparently unfazed by explicit gay male sex, a Pinellas County,
Florida, jury acquitted a video store clerk from a charge of
violating state obscenity laws after viewing "Bait," a 75-minute
tape rented by an undercover police detective.
The police
targeted the Pussy Cat Adult Bookstore and other similar
businesses in and around Largo, Florida, in 1990, after the
pastor of Faith Community Church inveighed against the business
and stimulated about 100 congregants to write letters to the
sheriff. Most of the other defendants in the obscenity raids
pleaded guilty in exchange for probation and a small fine.
But
Sheila M. "Gypsy" Craig, the clerk who rented "Bait," and Ronald
Evan Clark, another Pussy Cat clerk who rented a heterosexual
video, contested their charges and both won acquittals.
During the trial, County Judge Karl Grube refused to allow
Craig's attorneys to present expert testimony by a psychologist
and by a member of the Tampa Bay gay community that "Bait" would
not be considered obscene by its target audience, holding that
the jury should decide based on the standards of the entire
community, not just the gay male community.
The prosecuting
attorney, pointing to scenes of imprisonment, slavery and
domination in the film, argued that it was "patently offensive"
in its depiction of sex, but the jury evidently disagreed,
responding to defense attorney Frank de la Grana's closing
statement: "Gay people exist in your community.
They have as
much right as heterosexual people to rent adult movies."
According to the defense attorneys, quoted in the St. Petersburg
Times (Aug. 17), this was the first time in Florida that a gay
sex video has been the subject of a trial under the state's
obscenity law.
A.S.L.
Other Obscenity Law Developments
Perhaps Michael Schein, a mail order dealer in gay sex videos,
should have entrusted his fate to a jury.
But Schein waived a
jury, placing his fate in the hands of U.S. District Judge John
R. Padova (E.D. Penna.), and found himself convicted on five
counts of mailing obscene matter in violation of 18 U.S.C. sec.
1461. However, Padova departed downward from sentencing
guidelines, giving Schein only 12 months probation.
Schein
appealed his conviction and the government appealed the sentence.
The Third Circuit upheld the conviction but vacated the sentence
for reconsideration.
U.S. v. Schein, 1994 WL 394083 (July 29).
Schein contended that his videos were not obscene under Miller v.
California, 413 U.S. 15 (1973), arguing that they served a
significant public health service by including messages about
safe sex at the beginning of each tape and by showing sexual
activity with condoms, and also arguing that by restricting sales
to consenting adults, Schein was ensuring that the average person
in the community who might find the tapes offensive was shielded.
Judge Hutchinson, writing for the court, rejected these
arguments: "We agree with Schein that materials which promote
public health are not obscene just because they graphically
depict human sexual or excretory acts.
Nevertheless, this
argument also fails.
The proper inquiry is not whether an
ordinary member of any given community would find serious
literary, artistic, political, or scientific value in allegedly
obscene material, but whether a reasonable person would find such
value in the material, taken as a whole.
Considering Schein's
videotapes in their totality, we conclude that the district court
did not err in deciding they served no serious public purpose.
As noted in Miller, `"[a] quotation from Voltaire in the flyleaf
of a book will not constitutionally redeem an otherwise obscene
publication."' Schein's videotapes are not redeemed because the
participants in the homosexual acts he depicts wear condoms and
the viewers are reminded, from time to time, to have `safe sex.'"
The court also rejected the argument that restricting sales to
consenting adults took care of the community standards problem,
observing that "it would be impossible for Schein or any other
purveyor of obscene materials to provide any real assurance that
the persons ordering the obscene materials were all consenting
adults who would restrict their viewing to themselves or their
families in a private setting."
In sending the case back to the district court for resentencing,
Hutchinson observed that Judge Padova had failed adequately to
explain his downward departure.
Padova had stated conclusorily
that the guidelines sentence (18-24 months imprisonment) seemed
to "overstate the seriousness of the offense committed by the
defendant in this case, particularly as he is a first offender. .
."
Hutchinson commented that a downward departure required some
exceptional mitigating factor, not the opinion of the trial judge
that the sentencing commission had been too severe in setting its
guideline.
Hutchinson noted that Schein, "an avowed homosexual,
has tested HIV positive, and he may have a related serious
physical complication."
Thus, on remand the trial court might
find defendant's health to be a mitigating factor in imposing a
sentence, but would have to do so explicitly. A.S.L.
Reiterating its decisions from earlier this year, the Texas Court
of Appeals ruled July 26 in T.K.'s Video, Inc. v. State, 1994 WL
385630, that the trial court had correctly charged the jury in an
obscenity case involving gay sex videos that whether the
materials appealed to "prurient interest" was to be determined by
reference to a reasonable member of the community as a whole, not
by the standard of the group targeted by the video.
T.K.'s
argued that a gay person for whom the video was intended would
not find it obscene or offensive.
"If we followed T.K.'s
argument in a case involving the obscenity of materials
portraying adults engaged in sexual intercourse with children,"
commented Judge Lattimore for the court, "the trial court would
be required to instruct the jury that prurient interest would be
defined form the viewpoint of the average pedophile."
In support
of this argument by ridicule, Lattimore cited U.S. v. Guglielmi,
819 F.2d 451 (4th Cir. 1987), where the court held that a trial
court in a bestiality case involving allegedly obscene films was
not required to ask the jury to find whether there was such a
thing as an average zoophile and the appeal of the films to such
a person. A.S.L.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit ruled Aug. 12 that
Prince George's County, Maryland, violated constitutional
standards by adopting a licensing scheme for adult bookstores
(defined as "commercial establishments" at least ten percent of
whose inventory consists of media that depicts "sadomasochistic
abuse, sexual conduct, or sexual excitement") that might require
as long as a 3-1/2 month wait from the time of application until
judicial review was completed of a license denial, and which
prohibited the bookstore from operating during that period.
11126 Baltimore Boulevard, Inc. v. Prince George's County,
Maryland, 1994 WL 420281.
Although the court, in an opinion by
Circuit Judge Wilkins, was not willing to adopt a bright-line
test for what would be an appropriate period of time during which
the government could require a prospective bookstore operator to
wait while the license procedure was pending, but found, by
comparison to other cases in which the question had been faced,
that the Prince George's County process was not "sufficiently
prompt," thus reversing a decision by the district court.
A.S.L.
State Litigation Notes
The Appellate Court of Illinois upheld a 30 year prison-sentence
for a teenager who participated in robbing and beating to death a
gay man.
People v. Booth, 1994 WL 279943 (1st Dist., June 23).
Edward Booth with two of his friends went to Jackson Park bridge
with baseball bats on June 27, 1987, "to rob some fags,"
according to Booth's statement to police.
At the time, Booth was
a few weeks short of 15 years old.
When Mark Davies walked onto
the bridge, the youths beat him with their fists and baseball
bats, robbed him, dumped him in the lagoon under the bridge, and
tried to leave in his car.
Booth was later identified by police
when he was questioned in connection with another robbery
committed by his confederates at a later date.
The trial judge
ordered him tried as an adult rather than a juvenile, and a jury
convicted him of robbery and murder.
Booth appealed various
rulings of the trial judge, and challenged the sentence as
excessive.
According to Judge Cahill's opinion for the Appellate
Court, the trial court had found that "the murder happened
because the defendant believed the victim was of a different
sexual orientation than his, the murder was exceptionally brutal
and cold-blooded, the defendant armed himself with a dangerous
weapon and went to Jackson Park to rob.
The court stated, `The
youthfulness of the defendant is offset by the total brutality of
this crime, and by the intentional engagement in this criminal
act.
Primarily, because the defendant perceived the defendant
had a different sexual persuasion, different sexuality.'"
The
Appellate Court found the trial court had not abused its
discretion by sentencing Booth at the upper range of the
statutory guidelines.
A.S.L.
Sharon Bottoms has asked the Virginia Supreme Court to expedite
deciding whether to hear her mother's appeal of the Court of
Appeals ruling in Bottoms v. Bottoms, 444 S.E.2d 276 (June 21),
in which the court of appeals ordered that Sharon have custody of
her 3-year-old son, Tyler Doustou.
In papers filed with the
court on Aug. 23, Bottoms alleged that her mother had repeatedly
violated Sharon's visitation rights under an order issued last
year by trial judge Buford M. Parsons, Jr., under which Parsons
awarded custody to Kay Bottoms.
Although the court of appeals
decision overturned Parsons' custody award, its effect was stayed
by Kay's prompt filing of an appeal, thus leaving Tyler in her
custody pending the high court's decision.
The motion filed by
Virginia ACLU Legal Director Stephen B. Pershing argues that "the
current dreadful state of affairs" can best be remedied by a
quick decision by the Virginia Supreme Court either to deny
review or to decide the case on an expedited basis.
(Richmond
Times-Dispatch, Aug. 24.) A.S.L.
Mary Adams will get her day in court against her former employer,
Hayne, Miller, and Farni, Inc., under an Aug. 16 decision by the
Minnesota Court of Appeals, reversing the summary dismissal of
her case by a trial judge.
1994 WL 425189.
Adams, a lesbian,
resigned her job as a broker on June 18, 1990, and file a charge
a bit less than a year later with the Minneapolis Civil Rights
Commission, alleging harassment on the basis of sex and
"affectional preference" and reprisal and constructive discharge,
citing both the Minneapolis Civil Rights Ordinance and Title VII.
The commission found no probable cause and, having exhausted this
administrative remedy, Adams filed suit in state court on March
4, 1993, under the ordinance and the Minnesota Human Rights Act
(sex discrimination), as well as appended contract and tort
claims.
The employer moved to dismiss the entire case, which
motion was granted by the trial court, mainly on statute of
limitations grounds as to the state claims.
On appeal, Judge
Norton agreed that the various state law claims were barred by
various statutes of limitations, but held that the claim under
the Minneapolis ordinance was timely and that the trial court
erred in summarily dismissing it.
Norton found that Adams'
complaint raised issues of fact about a hostile work environment
claim that had never been responded to by the employer, due to
the trial court's sua sponte summary disposition.
A.S.L.
On July 14, Judge Frances Allen of the Connecticut Superior Court
issued a permanent injunction barring the military from
recruiting at the University of Connecticut Law School.
Gay and
Lesbian Law Students Assoc. v. Board of Trustees, 1994 WL 395669.
A preliminary injunction was issued in 1992, see 1992 LGLN 78,
prior to implementation of the military's new "don't ask, don't
tell" policy.
The current decision reviews the prior ruling in
light of "don't ask, don't tell," and finds that the new policy
discriminates, on its face, against homosexuals and thus violates
Connecticut's gay rights law.
Ruth Harlow of the American Civil
Liberties Union, who represented the Gay and Lesbian Law Students
Association, said the ruling was the "first real declaration"
that the new military policy is discriminatory.
T.V.L.
Los Angeles police officers Lance LaPay and Natasha Benavides
have filed suit in Los Angeles County Superior Court Aug. 16
against the City of Los Angeles, the Police Department, Chief
Willie Williams, seven individual officers and up to one hundred
"John Does", alleging physical and verbal harassment on the basis
of sexual orientation in violation of state and local law.
They
alleged that the Police Department has done nothing to implement
guidelines for treatment of gays and lesbians on the job that
were adopted by the city council as part of the settlement of a
lawsuit brought by Sergeant Mitchell Grobeson.
At a press
conference announcing the suit, Grobeson alleged that in the past
year five gay or lesbian police officers had been forced off the
job, out of the department or to sick leave status, due to anti-
gay harassment.
A.S.L.
New York Acting Supreme Court Justice Walter Tolub rejected an
attempt by a neighborhood association to end an every-Sunday
block party sponsored by the gay Big Apple Softball League in
front of The Dugout, a bar on Weehawken Street in Greenwich
Village.
The local community board had approved issuance of a
permit to close off part of the street each Sunday from 5 to 9
p.m. during warm weather months for the block party.
Tolub held
that there was no evidence presented by the neighborhood
association that the granting of the permit was arbitrary or
capricious, and noted that the Big Apple Softball League
"consists of eleven gay softball teams which have a link to the
community."
The West Village Committee, Inc. v. City of New
York, NYLJ, 8/10/94, p. 21 (Sup.Ct., N.Y. County). A.S.L.
The Chicago Commission on Human Relations has found probable
cause to believe that the Chicago Area Council of Boy Scouts of
America is violating the city's human rights ordinance by
maintaining a policy against hiring gay people.
The Commission
ruled on a complaint by G. Keith Richardson, who alleged that he
refrained from filing an application when a representative of the
organization told him that they do not hire gays, and has ordered
a hearing of the charges.
The Commission rejected the Scouts'
argument of lack of jurisdiction, and that the ordinance violates
the constitutional freedom of association.
"Civil rights
statutes have always been intended to regulate conduct which has
been based upon irrational fears, myths, and stereotypes," wrote
the Commission.
"While the law makes no attempt to compel
abandonment of the moral views which embody those fears, it is
hoped that enforcement of our laws will ultimately encourage
tolerance and acceptance of our divergent views and lifestyles."
(Chicago Tribune, Aug. 12.) A.S.L.
A jury in Kerrville, Texas, convicted Donald Aldrich of capital
murder in the death of Nicolus West, who prosecutors say was
targeted by Aldrich for robbery and death because he was gay.
Aldrich was sentenced to death after the jury verdict was
rendered. (Chicago Tribune, Aug. 10.) A.S.L.
A San Francisco, California, Superior Court jury found that the
California State Automobile Association did not discriminate
against Ron Glasser, a former claims adjuster, on the basis of
his sexual orientation.
The jury also found against Glasser on
claims of breach of contract and violation of public policy.
Glasser had claimed that he was "constructively discharged" on
the basis of a hostile environment created by anti-gay employees
and supervisors.
Glasser's attorney, Walter Moore, asserted that
Glasser, who has AIDS, would have won had he been able to
testify, but he was too ill to do so.
The trial judge refused to
admit Glasser's diary.
(San Francisco Chronicle, Aug. 2.) A.S.L.
The Dayton Daily News (July 16) reports that the Ohio 12th
District Court of Appeals has thrown out a lawsuit by Mark a/k/a
Susan Marie Pollock, an inmate at Warren Correctional Institution
near Lebanon, Ohio, who is seeking to be treated as a woman in
prison.
The warden says Pollock's claim that he is a
preoperative transsexual is spurious, and evidently the court
agreed.
* * *
In another case involving transsexuality, a
Florida man has filed for an annulment of his marriage, claiming
his wife was born a man, according to the St. Petersburg Times
(Aug. 20).
According to the petition, if the petitioner had
known his wife had a sex-reassignment operation in 1970, he never
would have married her.
She claims she revealed all prior to the
marriage.
The husband is demanding damages for fraud, and
contends that he should have no alimony obligations.
The couple
has been married ten years. A.S.L.
San Diego, California, Superior Court Judge Charles Wickersham
refused to order organizers of the Gay Pride parade to allow a
heterosexual group to march under the banner of "The Normal
People."
The judge held that the parade organization was a
private group that was free to control the message broadcast by
its parade, and also noted that several non-gay groups were
allowed to march.
Lambda Legal Defense and the ACLU of San Diego
represented the parade organizers.
(Washington Blade, July 22.)
A.S.L.
Domestic Partnership & Same-Sex Marriage News
A bill that would make California the first state to establish
legislatively a domestic partnership registry passed the Senate
by just one vote on Aug. 23.
The deciding vote was cast by Sen.
Leroy Greene of Carmichael, who dragged himself out of bed where
he was recuperating from a gall bladder operation.
The bill had
already passed the Assembly in slightly different form, and must
go back for another vote there.
There is considerable
apprehension that Governor Pete Wilson may veto it to protect his
right flank in this fall's election campaign.
In addition to
establishing a state-wide register, the bill would guarantee
registered partners the same status as spouses for purposes of
hospital visitation and establishment of conservatorships, and
would provide greater legal standing where one partners wills
property to another.
The bill is not intended to recognize same-
sex marriages, extend health benefits to partners, or provide any
special legal standing for palimony suits.
(San Francisco
Chronicle, Aug. 24.)
Meanwhile, an unrelated bill that would
allow local governments in the state to extend health coverage to
domestic partners of their employees is still pending in the
Assembly Ways and Means Committee, although possible floor action
soon was predicted.
(Sam Francisco Chronicle, Aug. 18.)
The Iowa City, Iowa, city counsel approved extension of health
benefits to domestic partners of gay and lesbian city employees.
The Human Rights Committee of the counsel has proposed adoption
of a domestic partnership registry.
The Seattle, Washington, city council opened up its domestic
partnership registry to non-city employees in an Aug. 1 vote.
City employees could already register and qualify for domestic
partnership benefit coverage.
The expanded registry will not
confer any benefits on private sector employees, but may give
them a vehicle to use in requesting such benefits from their
employers. (Seattle Post-Intelligencer, Aug. 2.)
Yale University has announced that it will offer health coverage
to same-sex domestic partners of graduate and professional
students.
It had previously extended coverage to partners of
lesbian and gay faculty, administrators and managerial staff.
(Boston Globe, Aug. 24). * * * But students expecting coverage at
the University of Wisconsin-Madison, were disappointed to learn
that Physicians Plus Insurance Corp., the provider for the
Student Health Insurance Plan, decided against going ahead with
the coverage.
The problem was a disagreement with the state
insurance department over whether the company was required to
provide continuation and conversion coverage for partners after a
relationship broke up.
State Representative Tammy Baldwin
charged that the insurer was actually caving in to criticism from
state legislators by rescinding its agreement to provide the
coverage.
(Capital Times, Aug. 5.) * * * A faculty member from
Wellesley College reported on the Internet Aug. 4 that Wellesley
now has a domestic partnership plan, under which partners of
employees are eligible for health and dental benefits, as well as
tuition breaks and access to facilities, if they file an
affidavit with the college attesting to their partnership status.
Also reported on the Internet: Bradford College, in Maine, has
extended domestic partnership coverage to faculty and staff as of
July 1.
The Brattleboro Reformer (Aug. 10) reports that the first round
of registration under Vermont's state domestic partnership policy
yielded 136 couples, of which 119 were heterosexual and 17
homosexual.
The total registration was larger than anticipated
for the plan that went into effect Aug. 1.
The Japanese American Citizens League voted Aug. 6 to endorse a
resolution approving of same-sex marriage.
Among the proponents
of the resolution was U.S. Rep. Norman Mineta, from California.
(San Francisco Chronicle, Aug. 9.)
Three lesbian couples were turned away by the County Clerk's
office in Green Bay, Wisconsin, when they sought marriage license
application forms on Aug. 11.
Among them were Georgina and
Annette Grinkey, who were seeking to marry to overcome the
barrier established by the Wisconsin Supreme Court in its
decision in Interest of Angel Lace M., 516 N.W.2d 678 (June 8),
denying Annette's petition to adopt Georgina's 8-year old
daughter, whom the couple is raising together.
(Capital Times,
Aug. 13.)
On Aug. 20 the New York Times published an extensive feature
article on domestic partnership benefits plans, titled
"Increasing Number of Firms Offering Insurance Benefits to
Unmarried Couples," by Jennifer Steinhauer.
The article asserts
that "the costs are a fraction of what was anticipated, possibly
because the programs are not being inundated with the avalanche
of claims that some administrators feared."
The article also
notes that where heterosexual couples are allowed to participate
along with same-sex couples, most of those who sign up are
heterosexual couples.
NY City Housing Court Judge Peter Wendt has construed NYC Rent
and Eviction Regulations governing successorship to a rent
controlled apartment by a domestic partner to require evidence of
both emotional and financial interdependence.
Walber 72nd Street
Associations v. Pardo, NYLJ, 8/24/94, p. 22 (NY Civ. Ct., N.Y.
Co.).
Joseph and Sheila Pardo were rent controlled tenants;
after they divorced, Joseph moved out and Sheila eventually
invited Paul Davis to move in.
Sheila died some years later, and
Paul sought to remain in the apartment as a successor.
The
landlord sued Joseph, who was still carried on its books as a
tenant, and Paul in a holdover proceeding, contending that
possession of the apartment must be surrendered, since Joseph had
not lived there for a long time and the landlord did not
recognize Paul as a family member of Sheila.
The evidence tended
to show that Sheila and Paul were domestic partners in many
respects, including emotional interdependence, but there was no
evidence of financial interdependence -- no mingling of funds or
sharing of financial obligations apart from minor day to day
household expenses that, Judge Wendt asserted, any roommates
might share.
"Their finances and personal assets were kept
entirely apart," Wendt found.
"Indeed, their property has been
so separated that this Court does not find credible Mr. Davis'
assertion that they treated each other as life partners, or
family.
Although they were dear friends, their living
arrangement appears to have been that of two separate individuals
living together as roommates, not as a two person `family.'"
There is no mention in the opinion as to whether Sheila and Paul
had filed a domestic partnership certificate with the city, or
whether evidence of such a certificate would have overcome the
lack of evidence of financial interdependence.
A.S.L.
Legislative News
The Charlottesville, Virginia, City Council voted unanimously
July 18 to add "sexual orientation" to a city code provision that
bans discrimination in city employment and awarding of city
contracts.
Council members rejected a proposal by the Rutherford
Institute, a conservative religious liberty organization
headquartered in the city that has supported lawsuits against gay
rights laws and filed an amicus brief in support of the Georgia
sodomy law in Bowers v. Hardwick, to provide an exemption in the
contracting provision for "those people who hold a sincere
religious belief that homosexuality is a sin."
(Richmond Times-
Dispatch, July 19).
A.S.L.
Initiative & Referendum Notes
The Oberlin, Ohio, city council voted Aug. 15 to place a
proposition on the ballot in November to ban anti-gay
discrimination by the city by charter amendment.
Since a charter
amendment requires a public ballot, such a ban, if enacted, could
not be repealed except by further charter amendment, and would
thus be more permanent than a council-enacted ordinance.
Eugene, Oregon, City Attorney Bill Gary ruled Aug. 5 that a
proposed initiative that would ban the city from enacting or
enforcing any policy that would protect people from
discrimination based on their sexual behavior was invalid under
the single subject requirement.
Proponents of the initiative
were responding to the passage June 20 of a non-discrimination
ordinance and a vote by the Eugene Water & Electric Board
authorizing its staff to begin the steps necessary to set up a
domestic partnership benefit program for employees.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
Numbers, numbers, numbers!
A new study presented to the annual
meeting of the American Statistical Association held in Toronto
in August found that more than 18% of men and more than 17% of
women said they had either had sex with someone of the same sex
or had felt attracted to someone of the same sex -- or both.
The
study derived from a Lou Harris Associates Poll of 6,000 people
between the ages of 16 and 50 in the U.S., Britain and France;
data were analyzed by researchers from the Harvard School of
Public Health and the Center for Health Policy Studies in
Washington, D.C.
In the U.S., 4.1% of men and 2.3% of women
reported exclusively homosexual sex, while an additional 3.6% of
men and 2.9% of women said they had sex with someone of their own
sex "rarely" and an additional 1.9% of men and 1.2% of women
reported having such contact "fairly often."
Oh yes, the
researchers found that homosexuality is more prevalent in the
U.S. than in the other two countries, with the smallest
percentage reported in Britain, although the numbers are
relatively close as between the three countries.
Whatever became
of 1%? (See USA Today, Aug. 17; Buffalo News, Aug. 22.)
* * *
Professor Lee Badgett, University of Maryland School of Public
Affairs, has completed a study showing that lesbian and gay
workers earn less than heterosexual workers with similar
credentials employed in the similar jobs.
Using data culled from
the General Social Survey, a national random sample database
collected by the University of Chicago that is widely used by
social scientists in their research projects, Badgett used
methods that had been developed in the study of race and sex
discrimination to document pay disparities.
Her results will be
published in the Industrial and Labor Relations Review, a peer-
reviewed social science journal published by Cornell University,
under the title Economic Evidence of Sexual Orientation
Discrimination.
In reporting on Badgett's research, the
mainstream media characterized it as a refutation of the common
assertion that gays are wealthier than the general population and
thus need no protection from employment discrimination.
However,
at least one critic has raised the charge that the population
sample Badgett used was too small to be statistically
significant.
Many school districts around the country that provide gay-
affirmative counseling for students or involve discussion of gay
issues in their curricula could be cut off from federal education
funds under an amendment to the Elementary and Secondary School
Act appropriations bill now pending in Congress.
Different
versions of the amendment, passed in both the House and the
Senate, would cut off federal money for any school district that
encouraged or supported homosexuality "as a positive lifestyle
alternative" or that referred students to pro-gay organizations
for counseling or other programs.
Pro-gay forces hope to secure
substitution in the conference committee of an amendment that
would forbid districts to use any federal money to promote sexual
activity by students, whether homosexual or heterosexual.
The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals has become the first federal
appeals court to adopt a formal non-discrimination policy
covering all the courts (trial and appellate) within its circuit.
(San Francisco Chronicle, Aug. 20.)
The judges of the circuit
court approved a resolution by secret ballot during their annual
conference on Aug. 18, barring any behavior "that can be
reasonably interpreted as manifesting prejudice or bias toward
another on the basis of gender, race, ethnicity or national
origin, citizenship, pregnancy, religion, disability, age, or
sexual orientation."
According to a news report, the resolution
covers not only behavior in the courtroom but also during
settlement conferences, negotiations or other meetings arising
from federal cases in the 9th Circuit.
The resolution was
proposed by a group of attorneys from San Francisco, and was a
follow-up to a report by the court last year about sex
discrimination.
The New York Code of Professional Responsibility for Lawyers has
been amended to add "sexual orientation" to the disciplinary rule
forbidding discrimination by lawyers in the practice of law.
In
a notice published in the New York Law Journal on Aug. 3 (p. 13),
the presiding justices of the Appellate Division of the New York
Supreme Court announced that this amendment of 22 N.Y.C.R.R. sec.
1200.3 ("Misconduct") would be effective immediately.
The non-
discrimination rule covers employment practices of lawyers.
Adjudication of a violation of one of the many local non-
discrimination ordinances in New York State covering sexual
orientation will be considered "prima facie evidence" of an
ethical violation.
The Missouri State House of Representatives may get its first
openly-gay member this fall.
Tim Van Zandt won a 3-way race in
the Democratic primary for the 38th District, and as of this
writing faces no serious opposition in the general election.
His
district is in Kansas City.
Outrage was the order of the day among gay activists in Utah when
District Judge David Young sentenced David Nelson Thacker to no
more than six years in prison on a manslaughter plea for killing
Douglas Koehler.
According to an Associated Press story that ran
in major newspapers Aug. 17, Koehler had gone home with Thacker
from a bar.
Thacker claimed that he passed out from alcohol and
cocaine use, then woke up to find Koehler groping him.
He threw
Koehler out of his home, then got his gun, tracked him down and
shot him in the head 45 minutes later in a parking lot.
Prosecutors let Thacker plead to a manslaughter charge, even
though Thacker had stated that he shot Koehler because Koehler
was gay.
* * *
By contrast, four Houston, Texas, teenagers have
been charged with capital murder in the July 30 death of Michael
J. Burzinski.
The four allegedly went to the gay-oriented
Montrose neighborhood to try to find a wealthy gay man to rob.
They intercepted Burzinski in the parking lot of a gay bar, beat
him until he agreed to withdraw cash from an ATM for them; then
murdered him to avoid being identified.
The alleged ringleader,
DeMarco Markeith McCullum, age 19, told investigators that he
felt "like a judge" when he shot Burzinski in the back of the
head, execution-style. (Houston Post, Aug. 17.)
The Cobb County, Georgia, Board of Commissioners' refusal to back
down from a previously enacted anti-gay resolution has prompted
the Atlanta Committee for the Olympic Games to move the
preliminary volleyball competition for the 1996 games to the
University of Georgia Coliseum in Athens, Georgia.
The Committee
was responding to a world-wide lobbying campaign mounted by gay
activists, who threatened a massive demonstration during the
Olympics if the volleyball prelims were held in Cobb County as
scheduled.
(New York Times, July 30).
Hearings were held by the Senate Labor Committee July 29 on the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act of 1994, which would authorize
disparate treatment claims on the basis of sexual orientation
against employers who are covered by Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, while barring all disparate impact claims,
quotas, or preferences.
The bill has picked up several sponsors
in each house since our last report.
The hearings received
generally supportive coverage in many of the large urban daily
newspapers. * * * The U.S. Departments of Labor and Energy have
issued policy statements banning sexual orientation
discrimination in employment.
The policy statements are to be
enforced by the Office of Equal Opportunity in each department.
Is the Pentagon planning to test the waters on coercing schools
to drop their non-discrimination policies by threatening to
withhold research funds?
The Buffalo News reported July 28 that
DoD held up a large research grant to the State University of New
York (SUNY) at Buffalo because the SUNY system will no longer
allow military recruiters use of placement office facilities, as
a result of a decision not to appeal a court ruling from last
year that held such an exclusion is required by Gov. Cuomo's
Executive Order 28.
U.S. Rep. Gerald Solomon, who represents the
Buffalo area, has begun tacking on amendments to various
appropriations bills, mandating a cut-off of federal funds from
schools that bar military recruiters.
One of his amendments will
likely be enacted as part of the pending Defense appropriations
bill for the next federal fiscal year.
Hardball time?
A.S.L.
Bishops of the Episcopal Church, meeting in national assembly,
have issued a document reaffirming the church's position that
heterosexual marriage is the standard for sexual relationships,
but recognizing that a significant minority of people are
homosexuals and that the church must "respond pastorally" to
them.
The document, labelled a "study document" rather than a
"pastoral teaching," is the subject of considerable controversy
within the church, some claiming it goes to far in allowing for
homosexual relations, others that it is unduly timid in insisting
on the primacy of "lifelong, monogamous heterosexual unions."
International Notes
Although an international court has ruled that the felony sodomy
law in Tasmania, one of the states of Australia, violates
international human rights laws, the Tasmanian government has
rejected any proposal to repeal the law.
On Aug. 22, Australian
Prime Minister Paul Keating announced that the national
government will pass legislation to override the Tasmanian law.
Tasmanian Attorney General Ron Cornish told a radio interviewer
that he would attempt to challenge any such federal law in the
High Court, on grounds that criminal laws are a within state
jurisdiction rather than federal jurisdiction.
In 1983, the High
Court ruled that the federal government could intervene in state
affairs to enforce Australia's international treaty commitments.
(Philadelphia Inquirer, Aug. 24.)
Continued persecution of gays in Romania continued to attract
international attention.
The nation's highest court upheld the
validity of the "reformed" sodomy law, holding that private
consensual sodomy could be prosecuted if it caused a "public
scandal," a condition not defined in the law.
And Bucharest
police broke up a gay arts festival under a law that bans the
presentation of homosexuality in a positive light.
(Washington
Blade, July 29.)
The Swiss Federated Railways announced in August that it will
sell reduced-fair passes to gay and lesbian couples who live
together on the same basis as married couples. A.S.L.
Professional Notes
A new attempt is being made to start a New Jersey Lesbian and Gay
Lawyers Association.
For more information, contact Ted Bohn,
Esq., at 908-793-0580 (P.O. Box 580, Seaside Park, N.J. 08752-
0580).
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund has announced the
appointment of Barry C. Taylor as AIDS Project Staff Attorney in
its midwestern office in Chicago.
Taylor was previously a
litigation associate at Peterson & Ross in Chicago.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Appellate Courts Divided on AIDS-Phobia Liability
Under California law, the mother of a 3-year-old pricked by a
negligently discarded needle at a university hospital may not
recover damages for fearing that her child might develop
HIV-infection without corroborating medical opinions that it was
more likely than not that the child would contract the virus.
In
Herbert v. Regents of the U. of Ca., 31 Cal.Rptr.2d 709 (Cal. Ct.
App. (2d Dist.), Aug. 6), the plaintiff found her son holding
needles in his hand at a university medical center which had been
used the day before as an HIV clinic.
Plaintiff discarded the
needles and they were not recovered.
A physician at the clinic
assured the mother that her son's risk of contracting HIV
infection was one half of one percent.
The court held that the very low likelihood of HIV infection was
sufficient to grant the university's motion for summary judgment.
Associate Justice Vogel applied the standard used to permit
plaintiffs to recover damages for fear of cancer based on toxic
exposure resulting from a defendant's negligence.
Thus,
plaintiff had to prove that it was more likely than not that her
son would develop HIV infection, and that this risk was
corroborated by medical opinion.
The court noted that the policy
reasons underlying the threshold of proof required in fear of
cancer cases (i.e. the pervasiveness of public exposure to
carcinogens, the fear of excessive liability in the health care
industry, the subsequent reductions in recovery for those who
actually develop cancer, and the general desirability and
predictability of a definite threshold), were a fortiori]
applicable to plaintiff's fear of HIV claims.
Plaintiff asserted
that but for the incident, she would not have reason to fear her
son's potential for HIV infection.
However, the court regarded
this argument as "specious," given "the devastating effects of
AIDS and the widespread fear of contamination at home, work,
school, healthcare facilities and elsewhere."
However, a railroad employee pricked by a needle through his
employer's negligence need not prove actual exposure to HIV in
order to bring a claim under federal law for the infliction of
emotional distress, given the presence of physical injury.
In
Marchica v. Long Island R.R. Co., 1994 WL 401512 (July 29), the
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals found that a claim for emotional
distress damages under the Federal Employers' Liability Act
(FELA) required proof of actual exposure to HIV only as a
substitute guarantee of the legitimacy of plaintiff's claim where
no injury was present.
Where physical injury is shown, Judge
Cardamone wrote, plaintiff's fear of contracting HIV is rendered
legitimate under the common law tort principles governing FELA's
application.
FELA's broad remedial scope thus permitted recovery
by a plaintiff who suffered a physical impact as a result of an
employer's negligence occurring "under circumstances that would
cause a reasonable person to develop a fear of AIDS."
Over the railroad's objection that plaintiff hadn't exercised
"due diligence" in finding out about the disease and that
plaintiff's fear was thus based on ignorance, the court found
that plaintiff's medical professionals had all advised him of the
dangers of HIV infection resulting from needle punctures and that
the jury was therefore entitled to find that plaintiff's fear of
HIV was justified.
The jury was also permitted to award
plaintiff future emotional damages, despite the plaintiff's
continuously negative HIV test results, due to the persistence of
post traumatic stress disorder.
However, such may not be the case under New York law.
In Kaufman
v. Physical Measurements, Inc., 1994 WL 410094 (Aug. 4), the New
York Appellate Division (3d Dept.) found that a postal employee
pricked by a negligently packaged needle could not recover for
his fear of developing HIV.
The needle had been found not to be
infected with the virus and plaintiff repeatedly tested negative
for HIV.
Such a scenario, Justice Weiss noted, lacked "evidence
sufficient to guarantee the genuineness of the claim" for
emotional distress and, absent proof of some likelihood of
contracting HIV infection, rendered recovery for the emotional
distress "overly speculative and remote".
R.B.
We have learned somewhat belatedly that the California Supreme
Court vacated the decision in Kerins v. Hartley, 21 Cal. Rptr. 2d
621, and remanded the case to the 2nd District Court of Appeal,
for reconsideration in light of the court's 1993 decision in
Potter v. Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., 863 P.2d 795.
(See 868
P.2d 906 [Feb. 24, 1994]).
In Kerins, the court of appeal upheld
claims of battery and infliction of emotional distress by a
former patient of a surgeon who died from AIDS, not having
disclosed to his patients prior to surgery that he was HIV+.
In
Potter, a "fear of cancer" case brought by neighbors of a
polluting industrial plant, the state supreme court adopted a
standard for evaluating such claims: "In the absence of a present
physical injury or illness, damages for fear of cancer may be
recovered only if the plaintiff pleads and proves" that (1) there
was an exposure to a carcinogen due to the defendant's negligent
breach of a duty owed to the plaintiff, and (2) the plaintiff's
fear of cancer stems from knowledge, corroborated by reliable
medical or scientific opinion, that it is more likely than not
that the plaintiff will develop cancer in the future due to the
toxic exposure.
The court of appeal will have to reconsider the
Kerins complaint under this new standard.
A.S.L.
Insurance Companies Win Disputes on HIV as Pre-Existing
Condition; Other Insurance Litigation
As Washington and the nation continue to debate health care
reform, insurance companies have won two victories regarding HIV
status as a pre-existing condition when applying for health care
coverage.
In Espinosa v. Guardian Life Insurance, 1994 WL 370123
(U.S. Dist. Ct., D. Mass., July 7), the plaintiff sought a
preliminary injunction to force Guardian Life Insurance to pay
benefits for health care he had received under an employee
benefits plan.
As a full-time employee of a restaurant, he
filled out an application in 1992 for health coverage and was
approved by the restaurant's provider, Guardian Life.
Five years
earlier, in 1987, he had tested positive for HIV, but he failed
to disclose this on the insurance application form.
Although his
doctor stated he was in excellent health since testing positive,
Espinosa had gone for regular check-ups to monitor his health due
to his HIV status.
Not all of his doctor visits were reported on
the form.
On December 30, 1992, Guardian informed Espinosa that
it was denying a pending benefits claim and canceling his
coverage because he failed to disclose his HIV status and related
doctor visits.
In denying Espinosa's motion for a preliminary injunction,
District Judge Lindsay noted that under the Employment Retirement
Income Security Act ("ERISA"), a fraudulent misrepresentation by
the applicant in an insurance application is grounds for recision
of the insurance policy.
Espinosa claimed that Guardian simply
did not ask the right questions on its form, and that he did not
feel that the application required that he disclose his HIV
status, as it is not an illness in itself.
The court disagreed,
noting that Espinosa signed a statement that his answers were
"full, complete, and true."
The court found that by failing to
disclose the nature of the physical check-ups he was receiving,
of which the form clearly inquired, he had not demonstrated that
his statements were complete.
The court conceded that had
Guardian known of Espinosa's HIV status, it would have denied his
application.
However, as Guardian sent follow-up questionnaires
requesting more complete answers, the court found that Espinosa
knew exactly what Guardian was looking for, and was deliberately
vague to prevent Guardian from discovering the truth.
Thus the
court concluded that Guardian had grounds for canceling the
policy, and Espinosa's motion for a preliminary injunction was
denied, as he had failed to demonstrate that he had a likelihood
of prevailing on the merits at trial.
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reached a similar decision
regarding HIV as a pre-existing condition.
In Sapp v. Paul
Revere Life Insurance Company, 1994 WL 259328 (June 13) (not
officially published), Paul Revere refused to pay benefits for
claims made regarding total disability due to AIDS, as the
plaintiff knew that he was HIV positive when he applied for the
policy.
Misrepresentation was not at issue in the case.
The
court found that the section of California Insurance Code in
dispute, sec. 10350.2, requiring policies to contain an
incontestability clause, was not intended to cover known losses,
as urged by the plaintiff.
The court stated that it would be
absurd for insurers to cover known losses, as by definition,
insurance is intended to cover the risk of loss.
The court
concluded that the plaintiff sought coverage of a known loss, as
he knew that he had tested positive for HIV when he applied for
disability insurance.
It noted that the district court had ruled
that AIDS was a manifestation of HIV, and the plaintiff's
knowledge of his HIV status constituted knowledge of the event
for which he sought benefits, i.e., total disability resulting
from AIDS.
Finding the language of the policy clearly specified
that it did not cover pre-existing conditions which manifest
themselves prior to the date of issue, the court affirmed
defendant's motion for summary judgment. P.T.
The U.S. District Court, Southern District of Ohio, has rejected
a Justice Department interpretation of Title III of the Americans
With Disabilities Act and ruled that an insurance company is not
an entity covered by Title III with respect to its practices
governing the sale of insurance.
Pappas v. Bethesda Hospital
Association and Benefit Services Agency, Inc., 1994 WL 374785, 3
A.D. Cases (BNA) 590 (June 29).
Plaintiff Pappas, an employee of
Bethesda Hospital, applied for family coverage for her husband
and son to Benefit Services Agency (BSA), Bethesda's group
insurance provider.
Her application was denied because both her
husband and son have serious disabilities.
She sued both the
employer and the insurance company under ADA Titles I
(employment) and III (public accommodations).
Both defendants
moved to dismiss for failure to state a claim.
District Judge
George C. Smith held that the Title I claim must be dismissed
with respect to BSA, finding that the insurance company that
provides group coverage through an employer does not thereby
become itself an employer of the employees.
As to Title III,
Smith held that Congress did not intend the ADA to apply to
insurance companies in their sales of insurance policies.
While
conceding, for example, that a member of the public could
complain under Title III if BSA was carrying on business in a
building that was not wheelchair accessible, Smith argued that
Congress's concern in Title III was to make places where business
is carried on accessible to persons with disabilities, and that
Pappas' claim did not relate to accessibility.
Similarly, while
the hospital-employer is a public accommodation within the
meaning of Title III, Smith held that its employee benefits
policies were properly considered only under Title I.
A.S.L.
Illinois Appeals Court Upholds Testing of Inmate Who Bit Guard
A divided panel of the Appellate Court of Illinois, 4th District,
affirmed a trial court's order to the Illinois Department of
Corrections to have an inmate tested for HIV and the results
shared with the plaintiff, a prison guard whom the inmate bit.
Doe v. Burgos, 1994 WL 409187 (Aug. 5).
The Jane Doe plaintiff
has tested negative for HIV since the biting incident on Feb. 19,
1989, but claimed that her repeated requests that inmate Violetta
Burgos be tested had been ignored by prison officials.
Finally,
just days before Doe filed suit, Burgos submitted to a test and
came out negative.
Burgos's test result was appended to her
answer to the complaint.
But Doe's doctor complained that the
test was insufficient due to questions about chain of custody of
the blood sample.
The district court ordered Burgos to submit to
a second test.
She was willing, but the Corrections Department
appealed the ordered and obtained a stay, arguing that it was
inappropriate for the court to intervene at this point.
The
medical director of Corrections testified that "95% of persons
test positive for HIV antibodies within six months of
transmission.
In the director's opinion, an HIV test should not
be conducted on inmate Burgos because (1) Doe has tested
negative, (2) if Burgos now tested positive that might indicate
Burgos had contracted the virus since the bites, (3) the
potential for transmission of HIV infection through a bite is
remote, and (4) Burgos did not seem to be at high risk for HIV
infection."
These arguments did not persuade the court.
Wrote
Judge Cook, "It is difficult to understand, however, why Doe
should be forced to ignore even a small possibility that she
might be at risk, especially in view of the fact that these blood
tests are so routine and unobtrusive.
Although a positive test
for Burgos will not conclusively establish that Doe is at risk, a
negative test for Burgos will provide substantial reassurance for
Doe."
Cook found that the trial court heard evidence raising
concerns about the validity of Burgos' first test, and thus had
not abused its discretion in ordering a second test.
In
concurring and dissenting opinions, the other judges on the panel
argued over whether ordering the test was an appropriate
interference in prison administration by the court.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Rules ADA Prohibits AIDS-Based Discrimination
In a real-life version of the film Philadelphia, an HIV-positive
attorney alleges his firm terminated his employment because he
has AIDS.
Doe v. Kohn, Nast & Graf, 1994 WL 416269 (E.D.Pa. Aug.
4).
Doe (a pseudonym) alleged a violation of the Americans With
Disabilities Act (ADA), ERISA, the Pennsylvania Human Relations
Act, and Pennsylvania wage laws.
Doe also alleged breach of
contract, breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing,
invasion of privacy, defamation, civil conspiracy, and
intentional infliction of emotional distress, claiming both
actual and punitive damages.
The firm moved for summary
judgment, arguing among other things that HIV infection is not a
disability covered by the ADA.
The court denied the employer's
motion on all counts except emotional distress, oral contract,
and the wage law claim; regarding the ADA, the court ruled that
symptomatic HIV infection is a protected disability.
Doe began working for defendant in 1991.
His supervisor often
praised his work and the firm awarded him a larger-than-expected
bonus.
In November, 1992, Doe's secretary, while processing
incoming mail, opened a letter from Johns Hopkins Division of
Infectious Diseases; the letter indirectly intimated that Doe had
AIDS.
Doe asserts that within days his supervisor stopped
assigning him work, stopped speaking with him, and avoided
physical contact.
In January, 1993, the firm decided not to give
Doe a pay raise.
Doe's supervisor told him that his written work
did not meet expectations and that his contract would not be
renewed for 1994.
The supervisor memorialized the conversation
in a memo for the firm's files, which also contained a copy of
the letter indicating Doe had AIDS.
In March, 1993, Doe hired a
lawyer and sent a box of documents from the office to support his
claim against the firm.
A principal member of the firm
threatened to "blackball" Doe if he sued.
Within days, Doe found
the contents of his office boxed up and the office locks changed.
Doe sued the firm and his supervisor in August 1993.
Doe claimed
that the stated reasons for his termination were pretextual and
that the real reasons were his disability (AIDS) and retaliation
for his efforts to file a claim.
District Judge Gawthrop found sufficient evidence to allow the
retaliation claim to proceed on a mixed motives theory.
Applying
the analysis of Title VII cases, the court found that the
plaintiff had made out the elements of a prima facie case: (1)
protected activity or status, (2) contemporaneous or subsequent
discharge, and (3) a causal link between the two.
The court
noted that a retaliation plaintiff may establish protected
activity based on a threat to sue, or consulting an attorney.
In
a mixed motives case, the plaintiff meets the causal burden by
showing conduct or statements by a decisionmaker that directly
reflect discriminatory animus or at least a discriminatory
attitude.
The court found the evidence sufficient to bring the
claim before a jury.
Applying the same analysis to ADA coverage, the court turned to
the question of whether the plaintiff had a disability that would
bring him within the scope of ADA, i.e., "a physical or mental
impairment that substantially limits one or more of the major
life activities" or a record or perception of such an impairment.
Finding no express guidance on whether this definition includes
HIV, the court looked to interpretive guidelines from the
Department of Labor.
Translating the regulations with the help
of a medical dictionary, the court observed that they protected
as disabled persons whom a lay observer would not consider to
have a disability -- for example, persons with high blood
pressure.
The court ruled that plaintiff's fever and skin
rashes, and HIV itself, created physical impairments within the
meaning of the regulations.
The court then noted that the
impairment must limit a major life activity, but not necessarily
a work-related activity, and that the list of such activities in
the regulations was intended to be illustrative rather than
exclusive.
The court cited Cain v. Hyatt, 734 F.Supp. 671
(E.D.Pa. 1990) (another case involving AIDS discrimination in law
firm employment) for the proposition that procreation is a major
life activity limited by HIV.
Oddly, the court found that Doe did not have a record of
impairment.
Distinguishing the case from School Board of Nassau
County v. Arline, 480 U.S. 273 (1987) (teacher with recurrent TB
had a protected disability), the court observed that Doe's
diagnosis was only about a year old, unlike the thirty-year
history in Arline.
The court decided that Doe's impairment
lacked sufficient duration to constitute a record of impairment.
The court did not give a reason why a record must be long in
order to constitute a statutory "record."
Also surprising is the
opinion's lack of reference to Chalk v. U.S. District Court, 840
F.2d 701 (9th Cir. 1988).
Ruling on a preliminary injunction,
the court in Chalk decided provisionally that AIDS is a handicap
protected by the Rehabilitation Act.
Because the ADA definition
of disability follows the Rehabilitation Act, Chalk lends further
support to the court's decision in Doe.
The court ruled that the
evidence of perceived disability discrimination was sufficient to
bring that claim to the jury.
As to ERISA, the court found sufficient evidence to raise a jury
question of whether the firm terminated Doe's employment at least
partly to deprive him of benefits under the firm's disability
plan, in violation of sec. 510.
On the remaining state law claims, the court held that analysis
under the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act is the same as Title
VII analysis, and thus leads to the same result as the ADA.
The
court upheld the breach of contract claim to the extent that it
relied on Doe's written contract, but cited the parol evidence
rule in dismissing claims based on implied oral promises
(including the wage law claim, which had sought compensation for
unused paid vacation time).
The court similarly upheld the claim
for breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing.
The court
ruled that the evidence established jury questions on the claims
for invasion of privacy, defamation, and civil conspiracy.
The
court dismissed Doe's claim for intentional infliction of
emotional distress, ruling that such a claim required truly
outrageous conduct, not merely mean-spirited conduct with an
improper motive.
Lastly, the court allowed Doe to proceed on his
claims for punitive damages under all surviving theories except
the breach of contract claim, ruling that the ADA, the PHRA, and
common law claims (other than contracts) all allow punitive
damages.
O.R.D.
Other HIV Discrimination Litigation Notes
In an unofficially reported decision, United States v. Morvant,
1994 WL 419873 (U.S. Dist. Ct., E.D. La., July 28), District
Judge Lemelle set conditions for discovery from patients of a
doctor accused of refusing to treat people with HIV/AIDS for
medical conditions unrelated to AIDS.
As described by the court,
the "central issue" in the case "is whether or not a health care
provider's policy/practice of referring potential or actual
patients who are perceived by the referring provider to have an
ADA-defined disability to other health care providers for medical
treatment of a condition unrelated to the perceived disability is
violative of the ADA."
The government is apparently proceeding
on the complaints of two patients, Pena and Hodgkinson, and
encountered resistance from the defendant-doctor to discovery of
former or present patients concerning the doctor's referral
practices.
Lemelle ordered Morvant to provide the plaintiff with
the identities, addresses, and phone numbers of "approximately
ten of Dr. Morvant's patients who are claimed by plaintiff to be
similarly situated with Pena and Hodgkinson herein provided this
disclosure shall be shared with counsel of record and experts
in/for this litigation only."
Lemelle also ordered that during
discovery witnesses could be questioned about their HIV status or
"particular lifestyle, e.g. sexual orientation, etc." as
pertinent to uncovering bias, but that upon the request of any
witness, "the witness's medical history or personal lifestyle
shall be sealed from public access."
Lemelle suggests in his
opinion that the parties submit summary judgment motions to
dispose of the legal issues rather than stretching out discovery
unduly.
HIV-Related Benefits Litigation Notes
In Anderson v. Shalala, 1994 WL 413301 (10th Cir., Aug. 1), the
court held per curiam that an HIV+ person whose appeal of a
denial of social security disability benefits was pending in
federal court when new regulations were issued, is entitled to
have his benefits claim reconsidered under the new regulations.
Anderson had exhausted administrative appeals and filed in
federal district court, where his case was pending on July 2,
1993, when new regulations were issued.
In a letter to another
federal court in a pending case challenging the standards under
which HHS was deciding HIV benefits claims, Secretary Shalala had
asserted that the new regulations would apply to all pending
cases.
The 10th Circuit decided to take her at her word, and
reversed the trial court's dismissal of the appeal, but ordered
its decision withheld from official publication and stated, in a
footnote, that this decision "is not binding precedent." A.S.L.
In Gonzales v. Garner Food Services, Inc., 1994 WL 259676, 3 A.D.
Cases (BNA) 558 (U.S.Dist.Ct., N.D.Ga. March 17), the court ruled
that Title I of the Americans With Disabilities Act, prohibiting
discrimination in employee benefits against qualified persons
with disabilities, could not be used by the estate of Timothy
Bourgeois to challenge the denial of AIDS-related benefits that
occurred after the effective date of the act, where the denial of
benefits was based on a benefits cap that the employer adopted
prior to the effective date of the act.
The reason for District
Judge Forrester's decision to dismiss this portion of the
complaint was that at the time ADA went into effect in July 1992,
Bourgeois, who had been discharged in 1990 and had continued to
participate in the company's benefit plan as a former employee
under COBRA (29 U.S.C. sec. 1161), was no longer a current
employee or job applicant.
Forrester found that ADA Title I was
not intended to prohibit discrimination against former employees,
and the mere fact that in another count of the complaint
Bourgeois was challenging his discharge as violative of ERISA did
not render him an "employee" or "applicant" within the meaning of
ADA.
Although the motion to dismiss the ADA count was granted,
Bourgeois's claim that the company fired him in violation of sec.
510 of ERISA because he had filed AIDS-related claims will
continue to be litigated by his estate, which is seeking damages
for wrongful discharge and restoration of benefits.
The estate
has assumed medical debts of over $90,000 that had accumulated by
the time of Bourgeois's death, which occurred just days after he
filed his charges with the EEOC.
Rosetti v. Shalala, a class action suit challenging denial of
social security disability benefits to a class of HIV+
plaintiffs, was settled July 5 on the basis that all class
members can have their claims reconsidered based on new criteria
that take into account the way HIV manifests itself in women,
children, minorities, poor people and IV drug users.
Philadelphia Daily News, July 6.
Unfortunately, lead plaintiff
Peter Rosetti, Jr., a Philadelphia electrician, died in May.
The
settlement applies to all HIV-infected persons denied benefits in
the two year period before the new policy went into effect in
July 1993, in states within the jurisdiction of the 3rd Circuit.
A.S.L.
HIV Transmission Litigation Notes
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit, in a per curiam
ruling issued Aug. 18., affirmed a dismissal and grant of summary
judgment in Domingos v. U.S., 1994 WL 445700, a transfusion AIDS
negligence and malpractice case against U.S. Army physicians who
performed surgery on Frank Domingos in an army hospital in 1984.
Domingos died from AIDS in 1989 and his estate sued.
Several of
the claims were dismissed on jurisdictional grounds, but the
court granted summary judgment on the merits in the count
alleging negligent screening of blood for HIV, holding as a
matter of law that "no clinical test for detecting HIV in blood
existed in 1984 when Mr. Domingos allegedly acquired the virus
through a blood transfusion."
Indeed, the plaintiff's own
experts testified that "they had no opinion whether the army
hospitals were otherwise negligent in screening potential blood
donors or in giving Mr. Domingos blood transfusions." A.S.L.
The Arkansas Court of Appeals ruled June 29 that an employer is
chargeable under the state's Workers Compensation Law with the
cost of testing for bloodborne infections (including HIV/AIDS)
when an employee is potentially exposed to infection.
Arkansas
Dept. of Correction v. Holybee, 878 S.W.2d 420.
William Holybee,
an employee of the Corrections Department, was bitten by an
inmate known to be HIV+.
Holybee's treating physician advised
testing for hepatitis, tetanus, HIV, AIDS and AIDS-related
complex, and that the Corrections Department be charged for these
tests and other prophylactic treatment.
The Department claimed
its only liability should be for cleaning and bandaging the
wound, contending that none of the tests and prophylactic
treatments were "reasonably necessary for treatment of the
claimant's compensable injury."
A Worker's Compensation judge
disagreed, finding the procedures reasonably necessary, and the
employer appealed.
The court followed the holding in Jackson
Township Volunteer Fire Co. v. Workmen's Compensation Appeal
Board, 594 A.2d 826 (Pa. Commw. Ct., 1991), where it was held
that a fire department had to cover costs of HIV and hepatitis B
testing for a fireman who was splashed with the blood of a victim
of an auto accident who was found to have AIDS and be actively
infected with hepatitis.
In that case, it was held that part of
the compensable injury was "risk of infection."
The Arkansas
court agreed with this approach, and affirmed the Workers
Compensation judge.
A.S.L.
The New York Appellate Division, First Department, upheld a
requirement in a New York City homeless shelter that all shelter
residents take a blood test for tuberculosis.
Holder v. Harlem
Men's Shelter, 613 N.Y.S.2d 899 (June 28).
"As to the
tuberculosis test," said the per curiam decision, "defendant
demonstrated that it was necessary at this particular shelter,
though not at all shelters, because plans were under way to use
part of this shelter to house persons especially vulnerable to
tuberculosis infection, including persons infected with HIV."
Thus, the court found that imposing the test requirement was an
appropriate exercise of discretion by the city agency that runs
the shelter. A.S.L.
The Texas Court of Appeals ruled Aug. 18 that a nursing assistant
who acquired HIV infection as a result of being splashed by blood
while treating an HIV-infected patient had no cause of action
against the patient's treating physician.
On the other hand, the
court rejected the hospital's motion to dismiss on limitations
grounds, holding that the time to for the plaintiff to file a
negligence suit against the hospital began to run when the
plaintiff learned his HIV status, not the date of the accident.
Casarez v. NME Hospitals, Inc., 1994 WL 447762.
In this case,
the doctor had informed the hospital and all health care workers
who would be treating the patient, including the plaintiff, that
the patient had AIDS.
The blood-splashing incident occurred in
1989.
Writing for the court of appeals, Judge Larsen agreed with
the trial court that by that date, a doctor could assume he had
fulfilled any duty of care to other health care workers dealing
with his patient by informing them of the patient's HIV status,
since by 1989 the risks of HIV infection in a health care setting
were reasonably well understood and guidelines were in place for
blood precautions.
The hospital had moved to dismiss solely on
limitations grounds, arguing that plaintiff filed suit more than
two years after the incident occurred.
The hospital contended
that as a trained nursing assistant, plaintiff would reasonably
know as soon as he was splashed with blood from an HIV+ patient
that he might have acquired HIV, and thus his cause of action
accrued.
The court disagreed, finding that because plaintiff
could not be sure he was infected until he tested positive, and
the window period during which an infected person might test
negative could last from weeks to a year or more, it would be bad
policy to begin the limitations period upon the accident, since
it would encourage filing of speculation suits based merely on
fear of having acquired infection.
One judge dissented from this
part of the opinion, agreeing with the hospital that plaintiff
was on notice of his claim immediately upon the accident.
A.S.L.
Arizona Court of Appeals Vacates Long Sentence for Prisoner With
HIV Infection
The Arizona Court of Appeals ruled Aug. 23 that a 16.75 year
sentence should be vacated and remanded for new sentencing when a
prisoner showed by a preponderance of the events that he was
probably infected with HIV at the time his original sentence was
handed down.
State v. Ellevan, 1994 WL 450086.
John Ellevan was
convicted on a variety of drug-related charges, pleaded guilty,
and was sentenced to a long term, the judge finding no mitigating
factors and several aggravating factors under the sentencing
guidelines.
Ellevan subsequently filed a petition for post-
sentencing relief, alleging newly discovered information: his HIV
status, first discovered by his prison doctor.
At an evidentiary
hearing, Ellevan testified that since testing positive, he had
learned that a former girlfriend with whom he had shared needles
and sex, had developed AIDS, and he also testified about his IV
drug using lifestyle prior to his conviction.
The prison doctor
testified that Ellevan's t-cells at last testing were low enough
that by the time of the hearing he might actually technically
have AIDS.
Medical journal evidence was presented showing the
proportion of infected people that develop AIDS in each year
after infection.
In opposing Ellevan's petition, the state
merely asserted that he might have become infected in prison, but
presented no concrete evidence tending to support that assertion.
The trial court found that Ellevan had not proved he was infected
prior to sentencing.
The court of appeals, disagreeing, found
that Ellevan's burden was to establish this fact by a
preponderance of the evidence; since the state put in virtually
nothing in the way of evidence, and Ellevan's evidence suggested
a fair probability that he had acquired HIV earlier, Ellevan met
the standard, and the matter was remanded for a new hearing on
sentencing.
A.S.L.
Other AIDS Litigation Notes
The National Law Journal reported Aug. 8 that Medical Center of
North Hollywood was ordered to pay $1.8 million in punitive
damages to two AIDS patients who underwent unnecessary surgery as
part of receiving an unapproved drug.
The July 29 award was in
addition to almost $1 million in compensatory damages awarded
against the hospital and two physicians.
The news report
characterized this as the first successful "AIDS fraud" suit in
the U.S.
We know the cholesterol may be a problem, but an HIV+ Huntington
Park, California, resident has a bigger beef with McDonald's;
Arvin Peterson claims that food poisoning he allegedly contracted
after eating a McRib sandwich, fries, ice cream and a soft drink
accelerated his progression to full-blown AIDS.
Peterson is
suing McDonald's in Los Angeles County Superior Court, with a
trial scheduled for September.
McDonald's attorney, Michael
Thomas, told the Los Angeles Times (Aug. 7) that Peterson
contracted shigella because he is gay, not because he ate at
McDonald's.
"There is a higher incidence among homosexuals to
contract shigella because of their lifestyle," he said.
Peterson
claims that unsanitary conditions at the restaurant caused his
food poisoning.
Law & Society Notes
President Clinton appointed Patricia Fleming, described as an
"expert on AIDS policy," to replace Kristine Gebbie as the
administration's AIDS policy coordinator on a temporary basis
while a search continues for a new coordinator.
Gebbie resigned
under fire from AIDS advocacy groups, who claimed she had
insufficient clout to lead the federal government's AIDS efforts.
Responding to the financial needs of PWAs who have life insurance
policies, a practice has grown up of viatical settlements: an
early payout of the discounted face value of the policy, either
by the insurer directly or by a viatical company in exchange for
an assignment of the right to receive the full face value from
the insurer after the death of the insured.
At present, these
payouts are treated by the IRS as taxable income to the insured.
In December 1992, the IRS published a proposed regulation to
excuse the tax liability (see 57 Fed. Reg. 59319, Dec. 15, 1992),
and held hearings and received public comment, but no final reg
has been published.
Some pending health care reform measures in
Congress include a similar provision.
There has been speculation
that the IRS is sitting on the proposed reg in anticipation of
Congressional action on health care reform.
The IRS staffer
responsible for this reg is Ann Logan (202-622-3970).
Those
interested might want to contact her (as well as their
congressional representative and the Treasury Department).
The North Carolina Commission for Health Services has suspended
anonymous HIV testing in the state, and will now require name and
address reporting of all those who test HIV+.
State officials
indicated that the list will be kept confidential, but will be
used for contact tracing of sexual partners or needle-sharing
partners. A.S.L.
British life insurance companies, reacting to actuarial
experience since the beginning of the AIDS epidemic, have decided
not to use the fact that an applicant is gay or has taken an HIV
antibody test as a basis for charging higher premiums for life
insurance, and will not disqualify HIV-infected persons from
buying life insurance (although they will be charged higher
premiums than uninfected people).
(Washington Blade, Aug. 5.)
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENT:
The National Gay & Lesbian Task Force Policy Institute will
present its fourth annual Conference on Workplace Issues, titled
Working It Out in the Rockies, on October 15 and 16 in Denver.
For information about registration and other details, call 303-
538-4318 or 202-332-6483x3361, or e-mail equalityco@aol.com or
ngltf@aol.com.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Armstrong, Kelli K., The Silent Minority Within a Minority:
Focusing on the Needs of Gay Youth in Our Public Schools, 24
Golden Gate U. L. Rev. 67 (Spring 1994).
Barker, John W., and Sheila Kennedy, The "Gay '90's" -- Sexual
Orientation and Indiana Law, 27 Ind. L. Rev. 861 (1994).
Berg, Paula, Toward a First Amendment Theory of Doctor-Patient
Discourse and the Right to Receive Unbiased Medical Advice, 74
Boston U. L. Rev. 201 (March 1994).
Bingham, Lisa B., Employee Free Speech and Wrongful Discharge, 45
Labor L.J. 387 (July 1994).
Burks, Kristine L., Redefining Parenthood: Child Custody and
Visitation When Nontraditional Families Dissolve, 24 Golden Gate
U. L. Rev. 223 (Spring 1994).
Chambers, David L., Gay Men, AIDS, and the Code of the Condom, 29
Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 353 (Summer 1994).
Charlow, Robin, Judicial Review, Equal Protection and the Problem
With Plebiscites, 79 Cornell L. Rev. 527 (March 1994).
Cole, David & William N. Eskridge, Jr., From Hand-Holding to
Sodomy: First Amendment Protection of Homosexual (Expressive)
Conduct, 29 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 319 (Summer
1994).
Courson, Marty K., Baehr v. Lewin: Hawaii Takes a Tentative Step
to Legalize Same-Sex Marriage, 24 Golden Gate U. L. Rev. 41
(Spring 1994).
Dolgin, Janet L., The Family In Transition: From Griswold to
Eisenstadt and Beyond, 82 Georgetown L.J. 1519 (April 1994).
Dunlap, Mary C., Gay Men and Lesbians Down by Law in the 1990's
USA: The Continuing Toll of Bowers v. Hardwick, 24 Golden Gate U.
L. Rev. 1 (Spring 1994).
Foss, Robert, The Demise of the Homosexual Exclusion: New
Possibilities for Gay and Lesbian Immigration, 29 Harv. Civ. Rts.
- Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 439 (Summer 1994).
Greenfield, Kent, Our Conflicting Judgments About Pornography, 43
Am. U. L. Rev. 1197 (Spring 1994).
Harrison, Jack B., Hate Speech: Power in the Marketplace, 20 J.
Coll. & Univ. L. 461 (Spring 1994).
Loveland, Ian, Hate Crimes and the First Amendment, Public L.,
Summer 1994, 174.
McGoldrick, Brian J., United States Immigration Policy and Sexual
Minorities: Is Asylum for Homosexuals a Possibility?, 8
Georgetown Immigration L.J. 201 (Spring 1994).
Nelson, William E., Justice Byron R. White: A Modern Federalist
and a New Deal Liberal, 1994 Brigham Young U. L. Rev. 313
(attempt to characterize White's jurisprudence places Hardwick
decision in context of White's overall approach to individual
rights under the Constitution).
Robson, Ruthann, Resisting the Family: Repositioning Lesbians in
Legal Theory, 19 Signs 975 (Summer 1994) (Special Issue on
Feminism and Law).
Schacter, Jane S., The Gay Civil Rights Debate in the States:
Decoding the Discourse of Equivalents, 29 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ.
Lib. L. Rev. 283 (Summer 1994).
Schneyer, Kenneth L., Avoiding the Personal Pronoun: The Rhetoric
of Display and Camouflage in the Law of Sexual Orientation, 46
Rutgers L. Rev. 1313 (Spring 1994) (fascinating exploration of
the language used in current lesbian/gay legal controversies;
best quote: "Those who take the heterosexist view must do so by
oversimplifying the world." [p. 1362]).
Winer, Anthony S., Hate Crimes, Homosexuals, and the
Constitution, 29 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 387 (Summer
1994).
Student Notes & Comments:
Coukos, Pamela, Civil Rights and Special Wrongs - The Amendment 2
Litigation, 29 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 581 (Summer
1994).
Editors, Harvard Civil Rights - Civil Liberties Law Review,
Introduction: Stonewall at 25, 29 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L.
Rev. 277 (Summer 1994).
Homer, Steven K., Against Marriage, 29 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ.
Lib. L. Rev. 505 (Summer 1994).
Korn, Kirsten, The Struggle for the Child: Preserving the Family
in Adoption Disputes Between Biological Parents and Third
Parties, 72 N.C.L.Rev. 1279 (June 1994).
Lininger, Tom, Overcoming Immunity Defenses to Human Rights Suits
in U.S. Courts, 7 Harv. Hum. Rts. J. 177 (Spring 1994).
Moore, Melanie A., Free Speech on College Campuses: Protecting
the First Amendment in the Marketplace of Ideas, 96 W. Va. L.
Rev. 511 (Winter 1993-94).
Narbaitz, Dena L., Minimizing the Trauma: A Need for Change in
State Conservatorship Laws as Applied to Same-Sex Life Partners,
55 Syracuse L. Rev. 803 (1993).
Pennington, Christopher L., The Public Policy Exception to the
Employment-at-Will Doctrine: Its Inconsistencies in Application,
68 Tulane L. Rev. 1583 (June 1994).
Sears, Brad, Winning Arguments/Losing Themselves: The
(Dys)functional Approach in Thomas S. v. Robin Y., 29 Harv. Civ.
Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 559 (Summer 1994).
Book Reviews:
Schachter, Jane S., Poised at the Threshold: Sexual Orientation,
Law, and the Law School Curriculum in the Nineties, 92 Mich. L.
Rev. 1910 (May 1994) (review of Rubenstein, Lesbians, Gay Men,
and the Law).
Specially Noted:
In Same-Sex Unions in Premodern Europe (Villard, New York, 1994),
Yale history professor John Boswell marshalls the evidence that
both in ancient Greek and Roman civilizations and in pre-
Renaissance Christian Europe, there were formal ceremonies and
recognition for same-sex unions, including church ceremonies.
Boswell is careful to qualify his conclusions, noting the
difficulties of evaluating ancient texts, and does not contend
that the same-sex unions he is describing would necessarily
equate to the 20th-century Western conception of marriage.
The
book is most useful as an extended, detailed demonstration of how
the concept of marriage is socially constructed and
extraordinarily variable across temporal and geographical
borders.
It should be read by all who participate in the ongoing
debate about societal recognition of same-sex relationships.
The Legal Affairs Department of the ADL Civil Rights Division has
published a booklet on hate crimes statutes, titled Hate Crimes
Laws: A Comprehensive Guide, which lists and classifies all state
hate crimes penalty enhancement laws, examines statutory and
constitutional issues raised under these laws and summarizes
important court cases interpreting them.
The booklet also
collates references to related laws that might be invoked in hate
crimes cases.
For copies, send a check for $2.50 to: ADL, Dept.
MRC, 823 UN Plaza, New York NY 10022.
Symposia:
Stonewall at 25, 29 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev. No. 2
(Summer 1994) (papers presented at Stonewall 25 Conference held
at Harvard Law School) (individual articles and student pieces
listed above).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Adams, William, The Dilemma for Minors Seeking HIV-Testing and
Treatment, 27 John Marshall L. Rev. 493 (Winter 1994).
American Bar Association AIDS Committee, William A. Bradford,
Jr., and Michelle Zavos, The AIDS Epidemic and Health Care
Reform, 27 John Marshall L. Rev. 279 (Winter 1994).
Anderson, Shari, Heartspace Memories, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 1 (1994).
Austin, John R., HIV/AIDS Annotated Bibliography, 27 John
Marshall L. Rev. 513 (Winter 1994).
Burris, Scott, Public Health, "AIDS Exceptionalism" and the Law,
27 John Marshall L. Rev. 251 (Winter 1994).
Chambers, David L., Gay Men, AIDS, and the Code of the Condom, 29
Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 353 (Summer 1994).
Closen, Michael L., Introduction: HIV-AIDS in the 1990s, 27 John
Marshall L. Rev. 239 (Winter 1994) (Symposium).
DeSario, Jack P., and James D. Slack, The ADA and Refusals to
Provide Medical Care to Persons With HIV/AIDS, 27 John Marshall
L. Rev. 347 (Winter 1994).
Dickinson, Gordon M., et al., AIDS: Parameters of Proof, 17 Trial
Dipl. J. 163 (July/August 1994) (use of nucleotide analysis to
prove legal causation at trial).
Garves, Brian R., Fear of AIDS, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 29 (1994).
Hernandez, John F., Perinatal Transmission of HIV, 27 John
Marshall L. Rev. 393 (Winter 1994).
Jayasuriya, D.C., A Comparative Review of AIDS Legislation in
Asia and the Pacific, 43 Int'l & Comp. L. Q. 391 (April 1994).
Kelly, Joseph, The Liability of Blood Banks and Manufacturers of
Clotting Products, 27 John Marshall L. Rev. 465 (Winter 1994).
Kirp, David, AIDS In Our Time II: Love Among the Ruins, The
Nation, July 18, 1994, pp. 89-93.
LeBlang, Theodore R., Obligations of HIV-Infected Health
Professionals, 27 John Marshall L. Rev. 317 (Winter 1994).
Lerblance, Penn, Legal Redress for Disability Discrimination:
Bob, Carol, Ted and Alice Encounter AIDS, 24 Golden Gate U. L.
Rev. 307 (Spring 1994).
McEvoy, Sharlene A., Tort Liability for Sexually Transmitted
Diseases, 23 The Brief No. 4, 14 (Summer 1994).
Merrill, Ben, Does American Have the Will to Stop AIDS?, 27 John
Marshall L. Rev. 457 (Winter 1994).
Mitchell, Sandra L., Employment Issues Facing HIV-Infected Health
Care Workers, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 5 (1994).
Montoya, Mauro A., Jr., If I Tell You, Will You Treat Me?, 27
John Marshall L. Rev. 363 (Winter 1994).
Neville-Ewell, Florise R., Residential Real Estate Transactions:
The AIDS Influence, 5 Hofstra Property L.J. 301 (Spring 1993).
Oswald, Jane D., Robert Gilbert Johnston, and Mark E. Wojcik,
AIDS: Coping with HIV on Campus, 27 John Marshall L. Rev. 449
(Winter 1994).
Sternlight, Jean R., Mandatory Non-Anonymous Testing of Newborns
for HIV, 27 John Marshall L. Rev. 373 (Winter 1994).
Strader, J. Kelly, Criminalization as a Policy Response, 27 John
Marshall L. Rev. 435 (Winter 1994).
Sullivan, Barry, AIDS: Law, Public Policy, and the Continuing
Work of the American Bar Association, 27 John Marshall L. Rev.
273 (Winter 1994).
Sullivan, Louis W., A Brief Comment on HIV and AIDS, 5 Hofstra
Property L.J. 293 (Spring 1993).
Taub, Sheila, Doctors, AIDS, and Confidentiality in the 1990s, 27
John Marshall L. Rev. 331 (Winter 1994).
Wojcik, Mark E., AIDS and Funeral Homes: Common Legal Issues
Facing Funeral Directors, 27 John Marshall L. Rev. 411 (Winter
1994).
Student Notes & Comments:
Aston, Derek Charles, Bearing an Hourglass: Statutes of
Limitation and Ohio Blood Bank Liability, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 85
(1994).
Bagay, Lisa M., Long v. American Red Cross: The Right to Know or
the Right to Privacy -- Striking the Proper Balance, 3 J. Pharm.
& L. 193 (1994).
Berner, Jennifer, Examining the Harmful Effects of Viatical
Settlement Regulation, 27 John Marshall L. Rev. 581 (Winter
1994).
Blum, Heather J., Tort Liability as the Result of the
Transmission of HIV Through Artificial Insemination by Donor, 4
Albany L.J. of Science & Tech. 333 (1994).
Brooks, Michael J., Osborn v. Irwin Memorial Blood Bank: The
First Case to Hold a Blood Bank Liable in AIDS Tainted
Transfusion, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 181 (1994).
Burger, Michael Adam, and Lourdes I. Reyes Rosa, Your Money And
Your Life! AIDS and Real Estate Disclosure Statutes, 5 Hofstra
Property L.J. 349 (Spring 1993).
Camillo, Lauren J., Adding Fuel to the Fire: Realistic Fears or
Unrealistic Damages in AIDS Phobia Suits?, 35 S. Tex. L. Rev. 331
(April 1994).
Conway, Kimberly, In the Shadow of Death: A Guide to Estate
Planning for the Client with AIDS, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 109 (1994).
Dorney, Linda M., Culpable Conduct with Impunity: The Blood
Industry and the FDA's Responsibility for the Spread of AIDS
Through Blood Products, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 129 (1994).
Flynn, Kevin V., Marchica v. Long Island Rail Road: AIDS Phobia
As a Cause of Action Under the Federal Employers Liability Act, 3
J. Pharm. & L. 217 (1994).
Galyen, Julia A., Doe v. Johnson: Wrongful Transmission of HIV
Based on Traditional Tort Concepts, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 209 (1994).
Melvin, John, Support Ministries for Persons with AIDS, Inc. v.
Village of Waterford: The Fair Housing Act and AIDS
Discrimination: David v. Goliath, Part II, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 201
(1994).
Miller, Michael J., Strict Liability, Negligence and the Standard
of Care for Transfusion-Transmitted Disease, 36 Arizona L. Rev.
473 (1994).
Pisone, Lynnette S., Walls v. Armour: Upholding the Principles of
Liability, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 225 (1994).
Thomasson, Sean, The Right to Produce AZT: A Matter of Legal
Right, Greed, Fortune or Fame: Burroughs Wellcome Co. v. Barr
Laboratories, Inc., 3 J. Pharm. & L. 241 (1994).
Zaslow, Robert D., Child Custody, Visitation, and the HIV Virus:
Revisiting the Best Interests Doctrine to Ensure Impartial
Parental Rights Determinations for HIV-Infected Parents, 3 J.
Pharm & L. 61 (1994).
Book Reviews:
Dorney, Linda, And the Band Played On - Politics, People, and the
AIDS Epidemic, 3 J. Pharm. & L. 55 (1994).
Symposia:
Vol. 3, No. 1 (1994) of the Journal of Pharmacy & Law is entirely
devoted to articles about AIDS issues in health care.
Individual
articles, student comments and casenotes, and a book review are
listed above. * * * AIDS Law Symposium: Legal, Ethical, and
Policy Issues, 27 John Marshall L. Rev. No. 2 (Winter 1994).
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Editor's Note:
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the
Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All
comments in Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is
welcome and will be published subject to editing. 