http://www.cic-wildlife.org/divisions/policy-law/core-working-fields/multilateral-agreements/
Primary Menu
Who We Are
The CIC
Organizational Structure
Membership
Membership Structure
Sponsorship Programme
News About Members
The Beginnings
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CIC Headquarters
General Assemblies
Awards & Prizes
Committee
Markhor Award
Hunting in Art Prize
Communications Prize
Wildlife Photo Prize
Divisions
APPLIED SCIENCE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Big Game
Small game
Migratory Species
Wildlife Diseases
Wildlife Resource Economics
Crop & Livestock Production Systems and Wildlife
Trophy Evaluation
POLICY & LAW
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting Laws and Policies
Multilateral Agreements
Weapons, Ammunition and Cross-border Movement
CULTURE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting in Art
Falconry
Traditional Hunting
Way of life
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CROSS-DIVISION ACTIVITIES
CPW
WICAC
Young opinion
Structure, Contacts
Activities
News About YO
Artemis Club
Structure, Contacts
News about Artemis Club
Partners
FAO
UNESCO
UNEP
IUCN
OIE
AEWA
CITES
CMS
CBD
FACE
ELO
IAF
CEU
CIC representations at other partners’ meetings
Collection of Other Partners’ Website
Media
Recent News
Publications
CIC Magazine
African Indaba
CIC Video Channel
Technical Series in English
Technical Series in German
Technical Series in French
Technical Series in Russian
Other CIC Publications
Publications by CIC Members
Trophy Evaluation
About the TES
The Handbook
Medals and certificates
CIC International Gold Medal
National Medals
STJ and CCM network
Frequently asked questions
Multilateral agreements influence the way in which wildlife can be managed in countries which have signed up to them. Two important examples of activities covered by such agreements are the international trade of wildlife (e.g. CITES) and the management of migratory species (e.g. AEWA). However, one of the most relevant for the conservation of wildlife through sustainable use is the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) and in particular the Addis Ababa Principles and Guidelines for the Sustainable use of Biodiversity. The aim of the PLD is to advocate the inclusion of the principle of sustainable use of wildlife in multilateral agreements, where necessary. Beyond the advocacy of this principle, the Division also aims to prevent that hunter’s rights are infringed upon by multilateral agreements.
The International Council for Game and Wildlife Conservation (CIC) released ... Read more The International Council for Game and Wildlife Conservation (CIC) and ... Read more The CIC is present at the Save Wildlife: Act Now ... Read more
CIC VIDEO CHANNEL
Tweets
Facebook
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. [cookie_settings] [cookie_button] [cookie_reject] [cookie_link]Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Save & Accept