http://www.tosots.com/privacy
Log In | Register |
View Cart
|   Search
Free Domestic Shipping on orders over $50 COVID-19 Statement. We are online only and not open to the public.
We are shipping for our customers as usual taking all precautions to ensure your safety.
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take all measures possible to ensure the privacy of your information at TOSOTS.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.What happens to my personal information?We hate spam of all kinds, therefore, information you choose to divulge to us, including your email and physical address remains for TOSOTS' private use only. We will not sell, rent, give, trade or share your personal information with third parties without your prior consent except as compelled by law (see last section for details). Your email address for our newsletter is stored on a private server not affiliated with the TOSOTS website. We use your email address only to communicate with you when you request such communication by joining our mailing list or for other purposes at your request. Credit Card PrivacyYour credit card information is NEVER stored on the TOSOTS website or servers. Our shopping cart is hosted on a secure remote server that is scanned daily by McAfee. Our shopping cart uses 256 bit SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology - the highest in industry standards. Does your site use cookies?In short, Yes. Like most internet site we use cookies to record your IP address which tracks your general location, the type of computer you are using (PC, MAC, mobile device) and the operating system (OS, Windows) and internet speed. This enables us to deliver the best content to you, track and correct errors, and make general site improvements. We do not use this information to track your buying or surfing habits as an identifiable individual. We do not use cookies or other technologies to track your movements on our website in order to deliver advertising or other customized services to you. Third Party LinksThird party sites linked from TOSOTS have separate and independent privacy policies. We have no control, responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked these sites. However, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Compelled Disclosure If we are required by law to disclose the information that you have submitted, we will attempt to provide you with notice (unless we are prohibited) that a request for your information has been made in order to give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure. We will attempt to provide this notice by email, if you have given us an email address, or by postal mail if we have your postal address. If you do not challenge the disclosure request, we may be legally required to turn over your information. AdvertisingYou will never find third party advertising on our site. This creates a safe shopping environment for you without worry of malware, spyware, or viruses through advertising links. Changes to our Privacy PolicyChanges to our privacy policy will be posted on this page. This policy was last updated on 05/29/2018.If you have any questions or concern about your privacy using our site, please feel free to Contact Us.We take all measures possible to ensure the privacy of your information at TOSOTS.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.What happens to my personal information?We hate spam of all kinds, therefore, information you choose to divulge to us, including your email and physical address remains for TOSOTS' private use only. We will not sell, rent, give, trade or share your personal information with third parties without your prior consent except as compelled by law (see last section for details). Your email address for our newsletter is stored on a private server not affiliated with the TOSOTS website. We use your email address only to communicate with you when you request such communication by joining our mailing list or for other purposes at your request. Credit Card PrivacyYour credit card information is NEVER stored on the TOSOTS website or servers. Our shopping cart is hosted on a secure remote server that is scanned daily by McAfee. Our shopping cart uses 256 bit SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology - the highest in industry standards. Does your site use cookies?In short, Yes. Like most internet site we use cookies to record your IP address which tracks your general location, the type of computer you are using (PC, MAC, mobile device) and the operating system (OS, Windows) and internet speed. This enables us to deliver the best content to you, track and correct errors, and make general site improvements. We do not use this information to track your buying or surfing habits as an identifiable individual. We do not use cookies or other technologies to track your movements on our website in order to deliver advertising or other customized services to you. Third Party LinksThird party sites linked from TOSOTS have separate and independent privacy policies. We have no control, responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked these sites. However, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Compelled Disclosure If we are required by law to disclose the information that you have submitted, we will attempt to provide you with notice (unless we are prohibited) that a request for your information has been made in order to give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure. We will attempt to provide this notice by email, if you have given us an email address, or by postal mail if we have your postal address. If you do not challenge the disclosure request, we may be legally required to turn over your information. AdvertisingYou will never find third party advertising on our site. This creates a safe shopping environment for you without worry of malware, spyware, or viruses through advertising links. Changes to our Privacy PolicyChanges to our privacy policy will be posted on this page. This policy was last updated on 05/29/2018.If you have any questions or concern about your privacy using our site, please feel free to Contact Us.
About Us
Crystals are our passion. As such, we treat each crystal as an individual spirit, which is why we insist on individual listings for all of our crystal offerings. We care deeply for the crystals, ensuring that we nurture them while they are entrusted to our guardianship.
Company
About Us
Testimonials
Frequently Asked Questions
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Get In Touch
Call Us: (239) 301-0981
For general inquiries:
marjenn@tosots.com
For sales & customer service:
orders@tosots.com
©2020 The Other Side of the Sun. All Rights Reserved.
Website by Yellow Ray