https://www.trinitypca.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Website Privacy Policy
Home
/ Website Privacy Policy
Trinity Presbyterian Church Website Privacy Policy
Last modified: September 9, 2020
Introduction
Trinity Presbyterian Church (”Church” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.  This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website https://trinitypca.org/ (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website;
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website;
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website or from an app store, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website;
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy;
Through your voluntary submission of information to the Church, such as directory information (“User Content”).
It does not apply to information collected by:
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be linked to or otherwise accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see ”Changes to Our Privacy Policy” below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or other personal information collected (”personal information”);
Financial information associated with your giving or donations, such as giving amounts and history, financial account information or credit or debit card information etc.;
That is about you individually but does not identify you, such as IP address or device number; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us;
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies; or
From third party service providers, such as website managers or public relations / marketing firms.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include information that you voluntarily provide to us (“User Content”), such as:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website or through our applications. This includes information provided by you at the time of registering to use our Website, creating or registering for an account, entering information into the church directory, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Any other information you affirmatively and voluntarily provide to the Church.
Some User Content may be provided to be published or displayed on public areas of the website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. We may limit access to certain pages, and you may also set certain privacy restrictions for such information by logging into your account profile and adjusting your settings. However, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will never be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use certain automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
Referring websites from which you visit our website.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities. We currently do not track customers or visitors over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising, and therefore, do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.  However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, your website browser may allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.  You can find additional information on DNT choice mechanisms at: optout.aboutads.info and www.youradchoices.com/control.aspx.
The information we collect automatically is only statistical and aggregated data, and does not include information that can be associated with a particular church member or individual (other than to a particular IP or device address). It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. Browser cookies contain your preferences and are sent to your browser and sent back by your browser each time your browser accesses our servers. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information below.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Church, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an email] and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
IP Addresses. An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Website, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what geographic regions our website visitors come. We also may use this information to enhance our Website.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information below.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you;
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
To create entries in the Church Directory maintained on the Website;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To provide you with notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; or
For any other purpose with your consent.
From time to time, we may contact you regarding a third party whose goods and services we wish to share with you (e.g., a bible study or other literature).  If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please contact us at privacy@trinitypca.org to opt out of such third party offerings. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Church’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Church about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients.
To other Church members who have access to the Church Directory maintained on the Website;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and our rights or obligations under other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Church, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Church or Third-Party Advertising / Promotional Offers. If you wish to restrict or limit the use of your personal information by the Church to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can do so by adjusting your account settings or emailing us at privacy@trinitypca.org. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future promotional email distributions.
Targeted Advertising. The Church currently conducts search-engine optimization and other targeted advertising (e.g., sponsored links, banner ads, etc.) through Google, Facebook and other search engines or social media platforms based on keyword searches and other information, but does not currently target advertising based on any personal information collected through the Website or User Content. The Church does monitor the volume of website traffic directed to the Website from referring links based on such advertising.   If you do not wish to be subjected to targeted advertising of this nature, please consider adjusting your browser settings or exercising any other rights available through those respective third-party channels (Google, Facebook, etc.).
Church Directory. Upon creating an account on the Website, your personal information is automatically added to the Church Directory maintained on the Website. As noted above, this information will be accessible to other church members who have access to the Church Directory. If you do not want us to share your personal information through the Church Directory, you can opt-out by: (a) declining to create an account; or by (b) manually adjusting your account settings.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (”NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information in the Church directory by logging into your account via the Website and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at info@trinitypca.org to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information directly from children under 16. A parent or guardian may consent to the use of our sites or services by a minor. However, we ask that you discuss the risks of sharing personal information on the Internet with your children and require that they refrain from communicating with any third parties or share any personal information online or otherwise without the supervision of a parent or guardian. Should you allow your minor child to use our sites or services, you shall be solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor’s use of the same and assume full responsibility for the processing of any information provided to us by that minor. Where you associate your minor child’s information with your account, we will assume you consent to our processing of that information in accordance with this policy and other privacy notices and terms we may provide to you from time to time. Where we are provided a minor’s information by an adult or a minor while accompanied by an adult, we will assume that the parent or guardian consents to our use and processing of that information in accordance with this policy and other privacy notices and terms we may provide to you from time to time.
If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16 without parental consent, please contact us at privacy@trinitypca.org.
Your State-Specific Privacy Rights
California
As a church and nonprofit organization in Alabama, we are not subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).  Further, because we do not share the personal information of California residents with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, we are not subject to California’s “Shine the Light” law.  However, if you have any questions or concerns about our information collection practices, please contact us at: privacy@trinitypca.org.
Nevada
Under Nevada law, Nevada residents may opt out of certain “sales” of their data by website operators. Currently, we do not sell any data as defined by Nevada law to trigger any opt out rights.  Should that change, we shall revise the policy to inform you of a method to opt out of such sales. Meanwhile, please direct any questions to: privacy@trinitypca.org.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions and other information will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we may also notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account or through a notice on the Website home page, depending on what is available. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, or to register a complaint or concern, please contact us at:
Trinity Presbyterian Church
1728 S Hull St
Montgomery, AL 36104
or via telephone at (334) 262-3892.
PRIVACY POLICY
Terms and Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Vimeo
Trinity © 2020.