http://www.doma.com.au/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Dobson Mitchell & Allport Pty Ltd (ACN 143 016 586)trading as Dobson Mitchell AllportThis policy was last updated 17 January 2019.The latest version of this policy is published online at https://doma.com.au/privacyDobson Mitchell Allport is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. We comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) as contained in the Privacy Act 1988.Throughout
this policy we are referred to as Dobson
Mitchell Allport, we
or us.  We refer to an individual as you.This policy
explains how we comply with the APPs when collecting, using, disclosing,
storing and destroying your personal information.  It also explains how you can access or correct
personal information we hold about you and what you can do if you think your
privacy has been interfered with.This policy is
divided into sections which apply to different types of individuals whose
personal information we collect.  There
is also a section at the end which applies to everyone.What personal information
does this policy cover?Personal
information is
information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who
is reasonably identifiable.Personal
information may include sensitive
information about the individual such as racial or ethnic
origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious
beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional or
trade association, membership of a trade union, sexual orientation or
practices, criminal record, health, genetic or biometric information.When might this policy not
apply?In some cases,
we may act in a way other than described in this policy, however we will only
do that with your informed consent or if required by law.How do you contact us?The person
responsible for privacy at Dobson Mitchell Allport is our Privacy Officer.  You can contact them in the following ways:Email:       privacyofficer@doma.com.auPost:          GPO
Box 20, Hobart TAS 7001Phone:      (03)
6210 0000Fax:           (03) 6210 0099If you are a clientWhat personal information do
we collect?Dobson
Mitchell Allport only collect personal information that is necessary to provide
you with legal services.  If you do not
provide us with all information sought from you, we may not be able to provide
those services.
Depending on
the matter we may collect a large range of personal information, including
sensitive information.  This may include
contact details, history of the matter, relationships with others involved,
employment history, qualifications, travel history, financial records, health
information, disability information, criminal history, court records, religious
affiliation, political affiliation, racial or ethnic origin, and business
activities.  We may also collect other
personal or sensitive information, depending on the nature of the file.
We will ensure
you are aware when we collect your personal information.  We will only collect sensitive information
with your consent or where permitted by the Privacy Act.
How do we collect personal
information?Dobson
Mitchell Allport collects personal information when you have contact with us,
including at meetings, by completing forms, in correspondence and by telephone
conversations.  We may collect
information about you through our website (including via our ‘Migration Portal
and Forms’) or when you contact us by email.
We may collect
information from others about you, including from publicly available sources,
other parties and authorised third parties, where it is unreasonable or
impractical to collect it from you directly, or where we have your consent.
How do we use your personal
information?Dobson
Mitchell Allport ensures you are aware of the primary purpose for which we
collect your personal information at the time we collect it.  This will normally be to provide you with
legal services you have requested or to provide an estimate of costs for legal
services.
In addition to
the purpose for which we collected it, we may also use your personal
information for related purposes which you would reasonably expect.  For example, we may send you information
relating to changes in the law.  We will
take reasonable steps to ensure the information we use is accurate, up-to-date,
complete and relevant, having regard to the reasons why it is being used.
Sensitive
information will be used and disclosed only for the purpose for which it was
collected, a directly related secondary purpose, with your consent or as
required or allowed by law.
What about direct marketing?If you are or
have been a client of Dobson Mitchell Allport, we may use your personal
information for the purpose of direct marketing to you.  We may provide you with information about
relevant products and services offered by Dobson Mitchell Allport.  If you do not wish to receive direct marketing
materials from us you can opt-out by contacting us.  Our contact details are included with all
direct marketing materials.
What special provisions apply
to accessing personal information we hold about you?You may have a
right to access your client files (including personal information) arising from
your retainer with us, the Legal
Profession Act and the common law.If you are another party to a client matterWe may collect personal information about individuals involved in matters where we are providing legal services without notifying those individuals about the collection.What personal information do
we collect?As a provider
of legal services we may collect, use and disclose personal information about
individuals with whom we have limited contact.  For example, if we act for one party in a
litigation matter we may collect, use and disclose personal information (including
sensitive information) about another party to the matter.How do we collect your
personal information?We may collect
personal information from others about you, including from our client or
publicly available sources, where it is unreasonable or impractical to collect
it from you directly, or where we have your consent.  We may also seek personal information from you
directly.  Often it will be unreasonable
to collect information from you directly because it may conflict with our
obligation to keep information about our clients confidential.  The information we collect may include
sensitive information.We collect
this information for the primary purpose of providing legal services to our
clients.We may do this
without your consent and without notifying you of the collection of this
information.  We only do this where it is
permitted by the Privacy Act.  This will normally be a permitted general
situation, that is where the collection, use or disclosure is reasonably
necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal or equitable
claim, or for a confidential alternative dispute resolution process.  In those circumstances it is reasonable for us
not to notify you that your information is collected.It may also be
reasonable for us not to notify you we have collected your information when
doing so would breach our duty of confidentiality to a client.  This may include circumstances like contract
negotiations.What special provisions apply
to accessing personal information we hold about you?Where we hold
personal information about you in client files but you are not the client we
cannot provide you with access to your personal information, unless you are
specifically authorised to access the file by the client.
You may at any
time request access to your personal information in writing, however we may
refuse you access to that information.  If
we refuse you access to your personal information, we will provide you with an
explanation for that refusal.  In some
circumstances we may not be able to confirm whether or not we hold personal
information about you, as to do so would conflict with our obligation to keep
information about our clients confidential.If you are someone else whose personal information we collectWhat personal information do we
collect?Dobson
Mitchell Allport only collect personal information that is necessary for our
functions or activities.  We will ensure
you are aware when we collect your personal information and the primary purpose
of its collection.  We will only collect
sensitive information with your consent or where permitted by the Privacy Act.There may be
consequences if you do not provide us with all information sought from you.  We will let you know what those consequences
are when requesting the information.  If
you provide us with more information than we have requested we will destroy it
unless it is necessary for our functions or activities.The type of
information we collect will depend on the reason we are collecting your
information but may include contact details, employment and educational history
(for prospective employees), or financial details (for prospective
contractors).How do we collect personal
information?Dobson
Mitchell Allport collects personal information when you have contact with us, including
at meetings, by completing forms, in correspondence and by telephone
conversations.  We may collect
information about you through our website or when you contact us by email.We may collect
information from others about you, including from publicly available sources,
where it is unreasonable or impractical to collect it from you directly, or
where we have your consent.How do we use your personal
information?We will use
your personal information for the purpose for which we collected it.  We may also use your personal information for
related purposes which you would reasonably expect.  We will take reasonable steps to ensure the
information we use is accurate, up-to-date, complete and relevant, having
regard to the reasons why it is being used.  We will not use your information for direct
marketing.
Sensitive
information will be used and disclosed only for the purpose for which it was
collected, a directly related secondary purpose, with your consent or as
required or allowed by law.Things that apply to everyoneHow do we store personal
information?Personal
information is stored electronically, on paper, or both.  We take reasonable steps to protect the
security of personal information including the physical security of our
premises and use of access level permissions and passwords to restrict access
to electronic records.  Archived files
are stored at our premises and offsite in a separate secure area at a document
storage facility.How can you access personal
information we have about you?You may at any
time request access to your personal information and, subject to any exemptions
in the APPs applying, we will give you access by providing you with copies of
or allowing you to inspect the requested personal information.We may charge
you a reasonable fee to access that information, for example to recover the
costs of photocopying or if we have to spend a significant amount of time to
provide you with access.  We may need to
verify your identity before providing access to your personal information.If we refuse
you access to your personal information, we will provide you with an
explanation for that refusal.  We will
try to provide you with access to your personal information within 14 days of
receipt of your written request for access or 30 days where responding to the
request is more complicated.What if your personal
information is wrong?We will take
reasonable steps to ensure your personal information held by us is up-to-date,
complete and accurate.  If your personal
information changes or you believe our records are not up-to-date, complete and
accurate please contact us.  If we agree
the information needs correcting, we will take reasonable steps to correct that
information.If we do not
agree the information needs correcting, you can ask us to put a statement on
your file explaining what you say needs to be corrected.  We will do that in such a way as is apparent
to our staff who use your personal information.If we refuse
to correct your personal information, we will provide you with a written
explanation for that refusal.  We will
try to resolve all requests within 14 days of receipt of your written request
or 30 days where the matter is more complicated.  We may charge you a reasonable fee to correct
that information, for example if we have to spend a significant amount of time
to correct it.When do we destroy personal
information?Dobson
Mitchell Allport securely destroys or de-identifies personal information when
it is no longer required.We usually
destroy client files seven years from the date they are closed, unless
otherwise instructed. Original documents kept in safe custody, for example
wills and titles, are kept indefinitely.We normally
retain records of client names, names of other parties involved in matters,
contact details for individuals and accounts indefinitely.  This is necessary to avoid conflicts of
interest.Who do we disclose personal
information to?We are
required by law to disclose some information to the Law Society of Tasmania,
the Legal Profession Board, the Migration Agents Registration Authority and
certain other relevant authorities where applicable.Your personal
information may be disclosed to our service providers or professional advisors
where necessary for our activities, for example to barristers, IT service
providers, accountants, auditors or insurers.We will take
reasonable steps to ensure the information we disclose to others is accurate,
up-to-date, complete and relevant, having regard to the reasons why it is being
disclosed.If you use our
Migration Portal and Forms (some of which are available from our website), that
data is processed by Migration Manager Pty Ltd. Migration Manager Pty Ltd’s
privacy policy is available at http://manual.mmcpd.com/m/49190/l/562908-privacy-policy.
Dobson
Mitchell Allport will not disclose your personal information to anyone overseas
unless:we
have taken reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipient does not
breach the Australian Privacy Principles;you
have provided consent;we
reasonably believe that the overseas entity is subject to a law or binding
scheme that has the effect of protecting your personal information in a way
that, overall, is at least substantially similar to the way in which the
Australian Privacy Principles protect the information, and that you can access
mechanisms to enforce those protections; orthe
disclosure is otherwise authorised by the Privacy
Act.How do you complain about
interferences with your privacy?If you are
concerned about an interference with your privacy, this policy or the APPs
please submit a complaint in writing, marked to the attention of the Privacy
Officer.  We will consider and respond to
your complaint within 10 working days.  We
will seek to resolve the complaint with you.  We prefer to address all matters in this
manner prior to a complaint being taken further.Is there anyone else you can
complain to?You can make a
complaint about interferences with your privacy to the Office of the Australian
Information Commissioner.  Their contact
details are:Email:       enquiries@oaic.gov.auPost:          GPO
Box 5218, Sydney NSW 2001Phone:      1300
363 992Fax:           02
9284 9666Web:          http://www.oaic.gov.au/