http://www.nickashron.com/terms.asp
Nick Ashron's first book By the Light of the Star has
been published by Real2Can Books and is available to buy in paperback...
new book
>>
Have your Angel or Spirit Guide drawn by Psychic Artist Nick Ashron.
more info >>
Offer on Four Elements Collection of gentle, healing guitar music -
FREE CD!
CD offer >>
Nick Ashron's Selections
CD has been re-released in 2008 by Real2Can Records...
PLAY VIDEO
Join Nick Ashron's mailing list 'LIGHTWORKER NEWS' for your exclusive E-BOOK PREVIEW!
Your Name:*
Your Email:*
Terms & Conditions
Secure
Online Ordering with Paypal
Online
transactions taken by credit or debit card are made
through the PayPal Secure Server and NOT through
Nick Ashron. Paypal online ordering is 100% secure.
Please click on the links below for Paypal's Terms & Conditions:-
Buyer
Complaint Policy
Buyer
Protection Policy
Money
Back Guarantee
Payments
(Sending, Receiving and Withdrawals) Policy
Ordering
by
Phone, Email or Post
If
you DO NOT wish to pay
online using Paypal secure ordering, or you would like to order Art Prints, then you can
post either a cheque or UK Postal Order* for the correct order total made payable to Nick Ashron and post to:
Nick Ashron
c/o Anna Celeste Watson
6 West Walks
Dorchester
Dorset
DT1 1RE
(UK)
Please include your name, telephone number and order request when you post your payment.
Alternatively, you can phone your order directly to Nick Ashron on
+44 (0) 7801 530573, email Nick at info@nickashron.com, or use his 'Call Back' request form.
*Please note that Nick is unable to accept non-UK money orders.
**Orders made by post, phone or email will not be dispatched until payment has been received by post AND cleared with the bank.
Other Products by Friends and Affiliates
Where indicated, some items may link
straight to the publisher to pay on a separate site. Such prices are therefore subject to change.
SUCH PRODUCTS BY FRIENDS AND AFFILIATES WILL BE ORDERED DIRECTLY FROM AN EXTERNAL SITE WHERE INDICATED AND NICK ASHRON HOLDS NO RESPONSIBILTY FOR SUCH ORDERS.
Prices
All prices include UK and international postage and packaging. All prices are given in GBP (Pounds Sterling). Approximate USD
prices are also given in brackets but are subject to changes in the conversion rates. Please note that all Paypal and cheque/UK postal order payments should be made in pounds sterling ONLY.
Workshop/Event Bookings
In the event that you cannot attend your pre-booked and pre-paid for workshop or event, your payment will be returned less a £10 admin charge IF you cancel at least 14 days prior to the start date of the workshop.
However, unfortunately Nick Ashron CANNOT offer a full or part refund for cancellations made less than 14 days prior to date of the workshop. However, if someone else takes your place your payment will be returned to you less a £10 admin charge. You also have the option of
transferring to a future workshop Nick Ashron will be holding.
In the unlikely event of over-booking, you will have the choice to be fully refunded or to transfer to another workshop Nick Ashron will be holding.
Spirit Guide Drawings Special Offer
for workshop participants.
Please Note:
Nick will not be able to complete the Spirit Guide Portrait requests during or directly after the workshop itself, but will be completing and posting the Spirit Guide Portraits as soon as possible after the day of the workshop.
UK & International Delivery**
All product orders are usually sent by 1st Class Standard Delivery with Royal Mail for UK delivery or Air Mail from the UK for
international orders.
Nick Ashron endeavors to get all orders dispatched within 1
week.* Nick will inform you by phone or email if the items you order are out of stock for any reason, in which case there will be a delay in delivering the order. Please then allow 2-3 days for UK delivery and up to 10 days for delivery to outside the UK (US customs may also further delay
delivery).*
SPIRIT GUIDE PORTRAITS: Please allow up to 14 days for dispatch of your Spirit Guide Portraits as sometimes Nick may be away attending fayres and needs time to draw the picture and write the channelled message from the Guide.
If you would like to sign for your picture please check if there will be any extra costs for Recorded Delivery, or if you need your picture for a specific date please let Nick know so he has enough time to complete the picture and confirm if any extra costs for Special or Express Delivery - simply use the link in Paypal before confirming your order to 'Add special instructions to the seller' or email Nick straight after you have ordered. *PLEASE NOTE: Orders for products by other artists that only feature Nick Ashron such as DVDs and soundtracks, may either be printed on demand or be sent directly and separately (if relevant) from the other artists or distributor's including; Real2Can, Woo and Patty Greer - and may therefore take up to 28 days for delivery.
**OTHER PRODUCTS BY FRIENDS AND AFFILIATES WILL BE ORDERED DIRECTLY FROM AN EXTERNAL SITE WHERE INDICATED AND NICK ASHRON HOLDS NO RESPONSIBILTY FOR SUCH ORDERS.
If you would like to be notified when your order is dispatched please call Nick on
+44 (0) 7801 530573
or email Nick at info@nickashron.com.
Pre-Orders
Any pre-orders for products such as CDs not yet released will be posted on or after the official date of release from the UK.
DVD Formats
Please make sure you select the correct format/region when you purchase any DVDs - either PAL or NTSC.
E-Book Purchases
Once payment has been received through Paypal, customers will
be redirected to this site to download an Adobe Acrobat PDF file of the e-book version of By the Light of the Star (An Exploration into Creating Your Own Reality).
Please follow the download instructions carefully. If you have any problems please email Nick Ashron at info@nickashron.com.
Please Note: An e-book denotes an electronic format (i.e. PDF file) of a book and NOT a printed paperback or hardback book. Customers can read the PDF file directly from a computer or print out the PDF document themselves. The e-book is around 4MB in file size so if you only have a dial-up internet connection it is recommended that you get access to a broadband connection where the file should only take around a minute or so to download.
N.B. REFUNDS ARE NOT AVAILABLE ON THE PURCHASE OF THE E-BOOK AS YOU HAVE ACCESS TO DOWNLOAD THE ITEM IMMEDIATLY AFTER PAYMENT THROUGH PAYPAL - SO THE ITEM IS THEREFORE UNRETURNABLE.
Special offers on Products
All special offers are
subject to change at any time. All offer prices are only available when ordering online using Paypal and by clicking on the special offer 'BUY NOW' link.
Win a FREE E-Book
All online orders placed between Monday 18th August 2008 and Friday 5th September 2008
for ANY PRODUCT available to buy through Paypal from this website, will receive a FREE E-Book of
By the Light of the Star (An Exploration into Creating Your Own Reality) by Nick Ashron.
One FREE E-Book of
By the Light of the Star (An Exploration into Creating Your Own Reality) by Nick Ashron is
given away free every month. Everyone who recommends someone to Nick Ashron's website
will be entered into the competition and the winner chosen at random on the first day of the proceeding month and notified by email. Recommender's names will be entered into the prize draw for
each person/email they recommend, to have more chances to win.
Winners will be emailed an Adobe Acrobat PDF file of the e-book version of By the Light of the Star (An Exploration into Creating Your Own Reality) by Nick Ashron. Winners names will be announced on the website.
If you have any problems opening the E-Book please email Nick Ashron at info@nickashron.com.
Please Note: An e-book denotes an electronic format (i.e. PDF file) of a book and NOT a printed paperback or hardback book. Customers can read the PDF file directly from a computer or print out the PDF document themselves. The e-book is around 4MB in file size so if you only have a dial-up internet connection it is recommended that you get access to a broadband connection where the file should only take around a minute or so to download.
Subscriber Special Offers & Competitions
As a thank you for subscribing to his mailing list, Nick is pleased to offer his subscribers exclusive special offers and discounts.
Only persons who are currently subscribed to the Nick Ashron mailing list can receive these special offers.
Offers are valid until the end of the day advertised
or until further notice.
10% Discount for Vegan Society Members
In the aim of promoting more compassionate and cruelty-free living - Nick is pleased to offer members of the Vegan Society a 10% discount off all his music CDs, Art Prints, E-Book and Spirit Angel Guide Portraits.
To qualify for the discount you must contact Nick to
arrange to pay the special price either through Paypal, by cheque, or in person and you must be able to quote either the published 6-digit promotional code available in the most recent issue of The Vegan, your 6-digit ID membership code OR produce your membership card (in person or a scanned version sent by email or post).
The Vegan Society is an educational UK registered charity promoting ways of living free from animal products for the benefit of people, animals and the environment. For more information on their work visit www.vegansociety.com.
Refunds / Returns
Refunds are available for up to 14 days after the receipt
of any product if there is any reason you are not satisfied with your order EXCLUDING SPIRIT GUIDE PORTRAITS OR EBOOKS. Items
must be returned in their original state with an accompanying explanation of why you are not satisfied and posted to:-
Nick Ashron
c/o Anna Celeste Watson
6 West Walks
Dorchester
Dorset
DT1 1RE
(UK)
We recommend you get proof of postage in case the item/s are lost in the post. Once the returned item/s have been received in an acceptable condition your card will be refunded for the amount you paid for the item/s EXCLUDING postage and packaging, through Paypal.
If you wish to exchange an item please state which item you wish to exchange it for and why. Any remaining overdue payment will be refunded or alternatively an invoice will be sent through Paypal for any additional payment due.
N.B. REFUNDS ARE NOT AVAILABLE ON SPIRIT GUIDE PORTRAITS AS THE REQUESTS ARE SENT TO NICK IMMEDIATLY UPON PAYMENT AND
ARE COMPLETED BESPOKELY FOR EVERY INDIVIDUAL. REFUNDS ARE ALSO NOT AVAILABLE ON THE PURCHASE OF E-BOOKS AS CUSTOMERS HAVE ACCESS TO DOWNLOAD THE ITEM/S IMMEDIATLY AFTER PAYMENT SO ARE NON-RETURNABLE.
Call
Back Service
Nick will try and get back to you in the next
few days after your call back request has been
sent, but please note that sometimes if Nick is
particularly busy or on tour it may take longer
to get back to you or be at a different time to
what you have requested.
Website Terms of Use
nickashron.com (and his related domains lightworkersguidetothegalaxy.com and elfinspiral.com) is the website/s of Nick Ashron. If you have any queries about privacy or these terms and conditions please email info@nickashron.com. By using nickashron.com you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
The information on the website is subject to change without notice. Nick Ashron makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the completeness, accuracy, reliability, adequacy, suitability, or operation of the website or the information contained in it.
Nick Ashron disclaims all liability arising from negligence or otherwise in relation to the website or in relation to any information contained in it.
By using the website you accept and assume the risk that information may be out of date, incomplete, and inaccurate or may not meet your individual requirements and you agree that use of the website is at your sole risk.
The website may contain links to third party websites. Such links are provided for information purposes only and Nick Ashron is not responsible for the content of or the accuracy of information contained on such websites. Nick Ashron hereby excludes all liability for any claims, loss, demands or damages of any kind whatsoever howsoever arising as a result of accessing third party websites from the links contained in the website.
Nick Ashron shall have no liability to you for any direct or indirect loss suffered, whether financial or otherwise, as a result of any computer viruses or malware originating from or transmitted by any third party via the website.
The copying, reproduction, redistribution, retransmission or storage of any part of the contents of the website is prohibited unless you are expressly promoting Nick Ashron's services or work via your blog or social networks for example, in which case a credit to 'Nick Ashron' and link back to the website nickashron.com is required.
These terms shall be governed by English law and you agree that any dispute concerning them or the website shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
Privacy
Please read the Privacy
Statement.
Mailing
List
By signing up to the mailing list you agree to allow Nick Ashron to send you emails occasionally with his latest news, special offers and promotions. You can unsubscribe from the mailing list at any time if you wish to.
Mailing List Subscribers are managed and stored through third party software by Campaign Monitor whose own Terms can be found here: http://www.campaignmonitor.com/terms.
Enquiries
If you have any questions or concerns please contact
Nick Ashron.
Please note that due to the nature of his work, Nick is often unable to access the internet himself and so his daughter and Webmaster Anna Celeste Watson often deals directly with Nick's email and order enquiries.
Paying Online through Paypal | Delivery | Privacy
| Cookies
Nick Ashron's Lightworkers Guide to the Galaxy Sky TV Psychic Show | Angel & Spirit Guide Pictures | Spirit Guide Portraits |
Lightworkers | Nick Ashron Psychic Artist & Musician |
New Age Mind Body Spirit Self Help Book | Psychic & Holistic News | New Age Holistic Mind Body Spirit Events & Psychic Development Workshops | Fantasy Visionary Art Prints | Fantasy Portraits | New Age Music for Relaxation & Healing | Healing Wings Innocence - Healing Meditation Music |
Healing Wings Sanctuary - Healing Meditation Music | Riversong - Acoustic Guitar Music | Earthdance - Acoustic Guitar Music | Out of the Mist - Medieval King Arthur Music | Temple of the Sun - Psychadelic Progressive Rock | Elfin Spiral's Celestial Gateways - Ambient Trance Dance | Elfin Spiral's Tribal Awakenings - Alternative Trance Dance | Elfin Spiral's Pleiadean Love Dance - Ambient Trance | With Eyes Wide Open - New Age Trance Dance | Sing for You - Accoustic Celtic Folk Songs | Selections - Music for Relaxation, Healing | Alternative Music CD Special Offers | Nick Ashron Home | Win a FREE Fantasy Art Print | Nick Ashron Testimonials | Shop Help | Recommend a Friend | Contact | Subscribe to Lightworker News | Terms | Privacy | Cookies | Links | Elfin Spiral Music Band Site | Site Map
Copyright © 2001 - 2016Nick Ashron / Wandering Minstrel Music / Elfin Spiral / Starship Pegasus Promotions / Nick Ashron's Lightworker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Website
by Ethical Web Designer Anna Celeste Watson.