https://www.crichbaptist.org/about-us/church-policies/
Church Policies at Crich Baptist Church
Home » Crich Baptist Church – About Us » Church Policies at Crich Baptist Church
We have a number of Church Policies under which the church endeavours to operate, in order to comply with the best practices required by our National Government, Local Authority in whose area the church is based, and also our Insurance Company. These Policies will progressively be added to this section of our site, and can then be viewed by clicking on the relevant Policy in the drop-down menu.
We appreciate the importance of doing things in the correct manner, and therefore seek to comply with all legal requirements placed upon us.
In part, we see our compliance as one aspect of securing the public trust in our procedures.
Currently we have in place operating policies which relate to:
A Child Protection Policy (will be published online shortly)
A Fire Safety Policy (will be published online shortly)
A Privacy & Cookies Policy (available on this website)
We are currently preparing a Health & Safety Policy, this we expect to have ready for publication once it has been  formally considered by our next church meeting, in June.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Name*
Email*
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
The Bible Says "For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord; and ourselves your servants for Jesus sake. For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ"
2 Corinthians 4:5-6
We Are Here Crich Baptist Church
Market Place
Crich
Derbyshire
DE4 5DD
Maps, Directions & Public TransportHow to Find Us
SupportOur Service Schedule Sunday Worship :
10.45am and 6.00pm
Children & Young People :
Children and Young People now usually stay in the Service. Parents and helpers are welcome to take the younger ones to the Schoolroom or Foyer, should they so choose. An extension speaker is provided in the Foyer.
Tuesday :
7.45pm – Prayer Meeting
Thursday :
5.00pm – Infant Seekers Club
6.00pm – Junior Seekers Club
(Groups meet during term time)
7.45pm – Bible Study
These May Be of InterestOur Church History
Local Ministry & Outreach
Audio & Video Sermons
Home & Overseas Mission
Our Doctrinal Standard
Spurgeon’s Daily Devotional
Our Privacy & Cookies Policy