https://www.cl-law.com/other/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Because of the common concern about privacy on the Internet, Cummings & Lockwood ("C&L") has adopted the following privacy policy with respect to our Web site, (www.cl-law.com) and any and all other sites on the World Wide Web operated by C&L.
Collection
C&L does not currently collect personal identifying information (the "Information") through our Web site except:
for Information that a user's Internet service provider automatically provides to our Web server, such as its Web site address and possibly a user's e-mail address;
for Information that a user sends to us in an e-mail message; and
for Information that a user submits to C&L in a Common Gateway Interface (CGI) form (for example, when you submit a search request or information request on our Web site).
E-mail sent to us may not be secure. If you choose to send us an e-mail message, we may retain the content of the e-mail, your e-mail address and our response, and it becomes the property of C&L.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computers browsing that Web site, and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Cookies perform various functions such as saving your passwords, listing potential purchases (shopping carts), and saving your personal preferences with respect to particular Web sites (personalized portals). Many consider the use of Cookies to be an industry standard. C&L does not currently use Cookies on its Web site, however we may decide to use them in the future.
Your browser is probably set to accept Cookies. However, if you prefer not to receive Cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse Cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse Cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site that may use Cookies in the future will not function properly when you view it.
Use of Information
C&L will use Information for our own proper purposes, but we will not sell Information to third parties.
Modifications
C&L encourages users of any C&L Web sites to review the C&L Privacy Policy Statement periodically for updates that will be posted on our Web site. C&L reserves the right to change its privacy policies at any time. Any changes are effective when posted to this site.
Linked Sites
As a service, this Web site may provide links to a variety of other Internet resources. These other Web sites are not governed by this privacy policy and users are encouraged to view the privacy policy of such other Web site before using the Web site or providing any Information to such Web site.
Questions
Should you have any further questions, please e-mail us at info@cl-law.com