http://www.kansasfoodbank.org/privacy-policy/
DONATE NOW
NEED FOOD?
DONATE FOOD
VOLUNTEER
Our mission:
To provide comprehensive and compassionate HungerCare
whenever and wherever needed.
Home Page
About Us
Contact Us
Hunger Stats
How to Help
Programs
In the News
Our Blog
Careers / Jobs
Email Updates
Agency Login
School Login
Board Login
Privacy Policies
Donor Privacy Policy
Kansas Food Bank will not: (a) sell, trade or share donor’s personal information with anyone else; (b) will not send mailings on behalf of other organizations; and (c) will only share personal information if the donor has given specific permission to do so.  (You can manage your postal mail preferences using this form.)
Online Privacy Policy
The Kansas Food Bank shares your concerns about privacy on the Internet. In order to better protect your privacy, Kansas Food Bank has provided this notice explaining its online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on the Site. Furthermore, this Privacy Policy, being part of the Terms, works in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of Use, but does not modify or supersede it. On occasion, Kansas Food Bank may run promotions or conduct other activities with affiliate partners from this Site. In such event, we may post additional privacy terms in conjunction with such promotion or activities that modify and/or supplement this Privacy Policy and govern the use of information related to or received through such promotions or activities.
Kansas Food Bank’s Collection and Use of Your Information
In the course of using the Site, Kansas Food Bank may ask you for your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, fax number as well as other relevant information. Kansas Food Bank also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows 2000 or Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, EarthLink), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited.
How Kansas Food Bank Uses the Information
Kansas Food Bank uses the non-personally identifiable information (“Aggregate Data”) to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable Kansas Food Bank to personalize your Internet experience. Kansas Food Bank may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Site usage as well as create services and/or products to fit your needs. Also, Kansas Food Bank shares this Aggregate Data with Kansas Food Bank’s related entities, advertisers, partners and/or other third party vendors. Kansas Food Bank shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
Except as otherwise indicated, Kansas Food Bank uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide about yourself: (a) to respond to any of your inquiries or questions about our services; (b) for internal marketing purposes and as part of Kansas Food Bank’s donor database; (c) to provide you additional and updated information, materials and other advertisements regarding the Kansas Food Bank services; (d) to offer you other materials and/or information that Kansas Food Bank believes may be of interest to you; (e) to cooperate with government officials or parties in litigation under process of law, or as otherwise required by law; (f) to protect the security or integrity of the Site; (g) to protect against a threat of safety or destruction of property; and/or (h) to protect against legal liability. In all cases, however, Kansas Food Bank agents, employees and contractors who have access to Personal Information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, Kansas Food Bank encourages all its business Partners to adopt and adhere to standards of protection consistent with this Privacy Policy. Kansas Food Bank will not use the Personal Information, except as set forth herein, without your permission; provided, however, Kansas Food Bank shall own all such Personal Information and maintain copies of such as part of its records. If you do not wish to receive any such information or to allow Kansas Food Bank the right to use your personally identifiable information as described, please contact Kansas Food Bank in the manner identified in the “Opt-Out” section below. The Aggregate Data and Personal Information may be transferred, distributed or sold as part of Kansas Food Bank or its assets.
Opt Out
You may choose not to receive such information and/or to allow Kansas Food Bank to use your information in the manner described above by contacting us directly at info@kansasfoodbank.org. Upon receipt and processing of an “opt out” request, Kansas Food Bank will, within its commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any future marketing communications.
Security; No Liability
Kansas Food Bank is not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. You understand that data and communications, including e-mail and other electronic communications, may be accessed by unauthorized third parties when communicated over the Internet. Furthermore, the Site contains links to other web sites. Kansas Food Bank is not responsible for nor can Kansas Food Bank ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites.
IP Addresses and Cookies
Like other web sites, Kansas Food Bank uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with Kansas Food Bank’s servers, to administer the Site and for security purposes.
“Cookies” are pieces of data sent from a Web server to a Web browser that enable a Web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. Kansas Food Bank may use Cookies in order to identify you to our site so that Kansas Food Bank can provide more customized information and services to you. In addition, our site may contain advertisements that may contain Cookies. In general, if you choose, you can disable the use of Cookies by reviewing your browser’s preferences and options.
A Special Note about Children.
Kansas Food Bank does not knowingly gather any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. You must be 13 years of age or older to access the Site. Kansas Food Bank has no interest in collecting information from children under the age of 13.
Modification of Privacy Policy
Kansas Food Bank may change this Privacy Policy at any time, by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued viewing of or use of this Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
How to Contact Kansas Food Bank for Any Reason
You may contact Kansas Food Bank with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, updating any personally identifiable information or anything else related to Kansas Food Bank and/or this Site at info@kansasfoodbank.org or at 316-265-3663.
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Service
Copyright © 1998-2020, Kansas Food Bank Warehouse1919 E. Douglas, Wichita, KS 67211 (316) 265-FOOD [3663]
Entries RSS | Comments RSS