http://www.limun.org.uk/privacy_policy_and_use_of_cookies
Home
About Us
Board of Trustees
Honorary President
Our History
Policies
Archives
News
LIMUN University
2021 Secretariat
LIMUN Academy
LIMUN Dialogues
Ambassadors
LIMUN: HS
HS Origin Story
HS Connected Delegate Programme
HS Newsletter
2019 Secretariat
Contact Us
Login
Register
Home
/
Privacy Policy And Use Of Cookies
This privacy policy is for this website www.limun.org.uk and served by London International Model United Nations and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. This has been updated to reflect compliance with GDPR.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore, the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed in this policy.
Our privacy policy tells you about the personal information we collect from you, how we use it, and what your rights are.
If we make any changes to this policy, we’ll add an alert on this website and contact you in case of any major updates. If you are under the age of 18, you can take a look at our website, but you shouldn’t give us your personal information, as our services are for people aged 18 or over.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or how we use personal information, email afolabi@limun.org.uk, our Data Protection Officer.
DEFINITIONS
Who we are
LIMUN is a Foundation that uses Model UN as a tool in teaching young participants about international cooperation.
All personal information provided by you through this website is under the control of LIMUN and we’re responsible for taking care of your personal information in line with the Data Protection Act 2018, and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This policy may refer to our organisation as ‘LIMUN’, ‘Model UN’, ‘Conferences’, ‘our’, ‘us’, or ‘we’, and our registered office is 119 Otter Close.
Service
Service refers to the LIMUN website (www.limun.org.uk) and other content operated by LIMUN.
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).  Non-personal data means data that is in no way personally identifiable.
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Service Provider
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
User
A User is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data. This term may also be used interchangeably collectively to refer to a visitor, newsletter subscriber, registrant, applicant or business partner.
Visitor
A visitor is someone who browses our website.
Newsletter Subscriber
A Newsletter Subscriber is someone who has registered to receive LIMUN email updates.
Registrant
A registrant is someone who has registered to attend any of our annual conferences. People can register online solely through the LIMUN website.
Delegate
A delegate is someone who has successfully applied to attend a LIMUN Conference.
Staff
A person who has applied to staff any of our conferences. Roles include Logistics, Chairing, Press and Secretariat members.
Partners
Partners include, but are not limited to, venue vendors, charitable donors and liaisons
WHAT DATA IS COLLECTED?
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). The type of personally identifiable information and how it is used depends on how you use our Service. This may include, but is not limited to:
Visitors
Cookies and usage data
IP address
Subscribers
First name
Last name
Email address
University/Delegation
Registrant
First name
Last name
Email address
Mobile number
Delegate
First name
Last name
Email address
Mobile number
Correspondence address (street address, city, state/province/region, postal/zip code, country)
University attended
Other personal details disclosed in application form free text boxes (questions about conference attendance, delegation achievement, age range and foreign language preference)
Staff
First name
Last name
Email address
Mobile number
Skype ID
Correspondence address (street address, city, state/province/region, postal/zip code, country)
University attended
Primary field of study
CV
Other personal details disclosed in application form free text boxes (personal, professional, educational and financial background)
Evidence for Disclosure and Barring Service check (personal ID documents, proof of address)
Date of Birth
Disability status and details
Ability to attend the LIMUN Conference/Work in the UK
Photographs & videos
Partners
Organisation name
Organisation website
Registered office address (street address, city, state/province/region, postal/zip code, country)
Registered company number (or equivalent)
VAT number
First name
Last name
Email address
Job title
Phone number
Bank details (account name, sort code, account number, branch address)
Financial performance
Business information (e.g. financial performance)
HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email we send or by contacting us.
We may also use your data for recruitment purposes. This may include assessing your details for programme eligibility, contacting you to discuss your programme eligibility, applicant diversity analysis, 3rdparty advertising partner analysis, or impact monitoring.
We will never sell your personal information to others. However, we may share your information with selected 3rdparty partners if you have asked us to do so. Our partners are usually similar organisations with shared social objectives and we will never share your details without your explicit consent.
HOW WE STORE YOUR DATA
We will make every effort to take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. We will always use well-recognised and secure 3rd party platforms for the collection, processing and storage of your data.
We will remove your personal information from our records should you request we remove It from out files, if we no longer require your details for our organisational purposes or if we are no longer lawfully entitled to process it.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We recognise the significance of data privacy and may continue to update this policy over time. Any updates will be posted on this website and if any major changes are made we will endeavour to let you know as soon as possible.
For further information, please contact enquiries@limun.org.uk
Edited & customised by: London International Model United Nations, Flat 406, 35 Indescan Square, London E14 9DR