http://www.evolunteerism.com/content/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
/
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
We Respect Your Privacy!
Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed.  Any information you give to Engage will be held with the utmost care. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is described below:
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:
Engage does not sell, rent, loan, trade, lease or otherwise disclose any personal information collected at our site, including membership forms or e-mail lists and especially order form information.
Browser information collected on the website:
Engage analyzes our website logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals who actually browse the site.
Use of cookies:
Engage uses only first party cookies.  This type of cookie enables you to stay logged into the site and move smoothly through it.  This type of cookie does not collect personal information from your computer.
Privacy of our e-mail lists:
Engage maintains an e-mail list to keep site visitors informed about the latest updates to the Journal. We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, lease or otherwise divulge the addresses on our list to anyone.
Ordering:
We request pertinent information to purchase memberships. Here a customer must provide contact information (like name, shipping address and phone number) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and not shared.
Credit Card processing:
We use a merchant services to bill users for goods and services. The company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Contact Us
If you have any further questions or concerns about privacy of information on this site, please feel free to contact us
Privacy Statement
Engage: The global voice of leaders of volunteer engagement
Copyright: 2000-2020
Susan J. Ellis Foundation Philadelphia PA 19118