http://www.vedanticshorespress.com/about-us/our-policies/
Privacy Statement and Policies
Help for Your Spiritual Journey
Literature for SELF-Discovery
Home
About Us
About the Author, Paul Hourihan
Press Room
Publications
Children of Immortal Bliss
Children of Immortal Bliss – Readers’ Comments
Ramakrishna and Christ, The Supermystics
“Ramakrishna and Christ” Readers’ Comments
Mysticism in American Literature: Thoreau’s Quest and Whitman’s Self
Bill W., A Strange Salvation
Thoreau’s Quest – EBook
Whitman’s Self – EBook
The Death of Thomas Merton, A Novel
What is Vedanta?
Vedanta – More Thoughts
Vedanta – Recommended Reading
Vedanta Books on Amazon
Contact Us
Facebook
Gplus
Home > About Us > Our Policies Our Policies
Privacy Statement:
Maintaining your privacy is important to us. We will not share, sell, trade or otherwise reveal your email address or other personal details you provide, unless required to do so by appropriate court order. We may use address or email information to send you announcements about our upcoming specials, new publications, or other information related to our products, which may be of interest to you, unless you let us know that you do not want such contacts by unsubscribing.  We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies to collect data. Here is a link with information on how it collects and processes data: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, or any other URL Google may provide from time to time).
Environmental and Paper Use Policies:
In keeping with one of our goals to contribute to the protection of the environment and the responsible use of natural resources, Vedantic Shores Press has established policy goals to increase the use of recycled paper and eliminate the use of papers that may contain fiber from Endangered Forests.
In this effort we encourage book printers to make these environmentally-friendly papers more available and economical so that all may benefit.
Random Quote
Latest News
Coping in these COVID-19 Times of Uncertainty
Memorable July 4th – Thoreau at Walden!
What is Vedanta?
Vedanta, a philosophy and science of the spirit, is as profound and mysterious as India, the country of its origin. Its four yogas of Read More
About UsAbout Us
Contact Us
About the Author, Paul Hourihan
Privacy Policy
Submissions
Permissions and Rights
Latest News
Coping in these COVID-19 Times of Uncertainty
Memorable July 4th – Thoreau at Walden!
Sign up for our mailing list.
First Name :
Email Address :
Copyright ©2004-2019 by Vedantic Shores Press (Sacramento, CA) All rights reserved.