http://www.miaminewtimes.com/about/terms-of-use
HomeNewsVCrimePoliticsSportsLongformDaily NewsletterWeekly NewsletterMusicVConcertsNightlifeInterviewsBest of MiamiConcert CalendarBars & LoungesMusic NewsletterFood & DrinkVMiami Restaurant Directory: Takeout/Delivery/Dine-inRestaurant ReviewsRequired Eating 2021Best Bars 2020First BitesCocktails and SpiritsBars & LoungesVegetarianBest of MiamiFood & Drink NewsletterArts & CultureVArtStageDanceBest of MiamiArts & Culture Promo NewsletterThings To DoVCalendarThings To Do NewsletterLongformMarijuanaVideosSlideshowsBest Of Miami®VArts & EntertainmentFood & DrinkShopping & ServicesSports & RecreationReaders' ChoiceReaders' Choice Poll 2020Best Of NewsletterPromotionsVPromotional EventsStreet TeamFree StuffPromotions NewsletterSummer Brunch SeriesClassifiedsVJob FairAd IndexFlipbooksVFlipbook NewsletterCouponsAdvertise
Support Us
About Us,
Contact Us,
Staff,
Careers,
Circulation,
Privacy,
Terms,
Help
Support Us
ACCOUNT
Welcome,Insider
Sign In
My Account
My Newsletters
Contribute
Contact Us
Miami's independent source of local news and culture
^
Keep New Times Free
Support Us
I Support
Local
Community
Journalism
Support the independent voice of Miami and help keep the future of New Times free.
Support Us
MORE
Terms of Use
About Us
Staff
Classifieds
Local Advertising
Flipbooks
Careers
Circulation
Help
About Us
Staff
Classifieds
Local Advertising
Flipbooks
Careers
Circulation
Help
Miami New Times, LLC
Last Updated: May 28, 2020
Objectives:
The web site ("Site") contains content that is provided as a service to users who agree to abide by the following acceptable conduct terms. Your right to use the Site is governed by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy (collectively, "Terms"), and you should take the time to review both carefully before you use the Site. By using the Site in any way, you are agreeing to comply with these Terms. The Site reserves the right to change the Terms at any time and for any reason. Updated versions of the Terms will be posted to the Site at http://www.miaminewtimes.com/about/terms-of-use, and you should visit this page periodically to keep apprised of any changes. By continuing to use the Site after any such change, you accept and agree to the modified Terms. The Site reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site, any site features, benefits (including without limitation blocking or terminating your Account), rules or conditions, all without notice, even though such changes may affect the way you use the Site. You agree that the Site will not be liable to you or any third-party for any modification or discontinuance of the Site.
User Conduct:
Without limitation, you agree to refrain from the following actions while using the Site:
Transmitting any information, data, text, files, links, software, chats, communication or other materials that is unlawful, and in particular, that is harmful to minors, physically threatening, invasive of another's privacy, defamatory, obscene, or that contains hate speech, as well as material of any kind or nature that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, provincial, national, or international law or regulation,;
Impersonating an employee of Miami New Times or falsely claiming affiliation with Miami New Times;
Forging headers or otherwise manipulating identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any materials transmitted through the Site;
Posting adult content or explicit adult material unless:
such material is specifically permitted in designated adult categories and permitted under applicable federal, state, and local law; and
you are at least 18 years of age or older and not considered to be a minor in your state of residence;
Posting, anywhere on the Site, obscene or lewd and lascivious graphics or photographs, or graphics or photographs which depict or simulate sexual acts;
Harming minors in any way;
Impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity;
Uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting, or otherwise making available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of solicitation, except in areas of our Site specifically designated for such purpose;
Interfering with or infringing the patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, logos, confidential information or intellectual property rights of others;
Using any automated device, spider, robot, crawler, data mining tool, software or routine to access, copy, or download any part of the Site unless expressly permitted by the Site;
Taking any action creating a disproportionately large usage load on the Site unless expressly permitted by the Site;
Sending messages for the purpose of, or otherwise engaging in, disruptive or damaging activities online, including excessive use of scripts, sound waves, scrolling, or use of viruses, bots, worms, time bombs, trojan horses or any other destructive element;
Gaining or attempting to gain unauthorized access to non-public areas of the Site. In addition, if you have a password to a non-public area of the Site, you may not disclose to, or share your password, with any third parties and/or use your password for unauthorized purposes;
Attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up all or any part of the Site; modifying any meta data, copying or duplicating in any manner any of the content; framing of or linking to any of the Site, its content or information available from the Site without the express written consent of agents of the Site;
Interfering with or disrupting the Site or servers or networks through which the Site is provided;
Stalking or otherwise harassing any other person;
Using the Site to engage in or assist another individual or entity to engage in fraudulent, abusive, manipulative or illegal activity;
You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, regulations, and ordinances concerning your use of the Site.
You understand that any materials that you post, transmit, or otherwise make available for viewing on public areas of the Site and its social media channels, including but not limited to comments and messages posted in response to our news articles (collectively, "User Content") are solely the responsibility of the person from whom such User Content originated.
You agree that the Site may or may not, in its sole discretion, pre-screen, monitor or approve any User Content, but that the Site shall have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor or approve such Content. You acknowledge and agree that the Site shall have the right, but not the obligation, to remove, move (including moving an ad or posting to another section or category within the classifieds), refuse, edit, republish or delete any User Content for any reason whatsoever.
Any user who violates the Terms may be permanently banned, at our sole discretion, from posting ads or using the Site.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that the Site may access, preserve and disclose your account information and User Content you upload, post, or otherwise make available on the Site if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal process;
enforce these Terms;
respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties
respond to your requests for customer service; or
protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Site, its users and the public.
Use of Materials:
Any User Content that you post, transmit, or otherwise make available for viewing on public areas of the Site, including but not limited to comments and messages posted in response to our news articles (collectively, "User Content"), will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary to you. You understand and agree that any such User Content may be used by the Site or our affiliates, without review or approval by you, for any purpose whatsoever, and in any medium, including our print media. You grant the Site (and our affiliates) the irrevocable right to use and/or edit your User Content, without review or approval by you, for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, posting, and advertising in any media in perpetuity without notice or compensation to you.
Termination of Access:
The Site has the right terminate your access for any reason if we believe you have violated these Terms in any manner. You agree not to hold the Site liable for such termination, and further agree not to attempt to use the Site after termination.
Copyright and Trademarks:
All materials on the Site, including without limitation, logos, images, text, illustrations, audio and video files are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, or other proprietary rights which are either owned by or licensed to the Site or owned by other parties who have posted on the Site. Materials from the Site and from any other web site owned, operated, controlled, or licensed by the Site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. In posting content on the Site, you grant the Site, and its owners and licensees, the right to use, reproduce, distribute, translate, modify, adapt, publicly perform, publicly display, archive and create derivative works from the posted content.
Notification of Infringement:
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide the following information to the Site's Copyright Agent:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
Your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address;
A signed statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information provided in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
Our Copyright Agent can be reached as follows:
mail: 969 Broadway, Denver, CO 80203
phone: 303-296-7744
fax: 303-296-5416
feedback form
The Site may, under appropriate circumstances and at our own discretion, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may be repeat infringers.
SMS Messaging Terms of Use
Miami New Times will send you SMS messages as part of its Miami New Times Information Alerts program if you opt to receive such messages from us as described below. Autodialed texts will be sent to your cell phone. Consent is not required to purchase goods or services.
Costs.
Message & data rates may apply.
Requesting SMS messages.
You may opt to receive SMS messages from us in the following ways:
Sending a keyword to 61721.
Please see http://www.miaminewtimes.com/mobile for a list of our keywords.
Signing up online at http://www.miaminewtimes.com/mobile.
Completing a physical paper form and submitting it to us. We will then send you a message regarding your request to receive SMS messages and you will be required to confirm your request.
Cancelling SMS messages.
To stop receiving all SMS messages from Miami New Times, text STOP, END, QUIT, CANCEL OR UNSUBSCRIBE to 61721. This will unsubscribe you from all keywords associated with the short code 61721.
Customer service.
For additional information on this service, email dom-admin@voicemediagroup.com.
Content and Messaging Frequency.
The content we deliver will depend on your selections and/or the keyword that you send to us.
For example, we may offer SMS messages that contain content regarding deals, exclusive offers and prizes, happy hours, arts and theater, food, music, clubs, movies and adult entertainment.
The messaging frequency will depend on the types of messages that you opt to receive from us, as outlined at http://www.miaminewtimes.com/mobile.
Carriers.
Our SMS messages are not available on all carriers.
We support SMS messages on the following carriers: Alltel, AT&T, Boost, Carolina West Wireless, Cellcom, Cellular South, Cincinnati Bell, Cricket, Metro PCS, nTelos, Sprint, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Verizon Wireless
Privacy Policy:
The Site has created a Privacy Policy setting forth how information collected about you is collected, used and stored. Your use of the Site constitutes acknowledgment and agreement with our Privacy Policy. You further acknowledge and agree that The Site may use your personal information in the manner described in our Privacy Policy.
Fees:
The Site may impose a fee on the posting of Content in certain areas of the Site. Users uploading Content to fee-based areas are responsible for such Content and for compliance with these Terms. Under no circumstances will the Site provide a refund in the event that Content is removed from fee-based areas for violation of these Terms.
Links:
The Site has no control over and is not responsible for the content of or claims made on websites that may be linked to or from the Site, whether or not they may be affiliated with the Site. Any websites linked to or from the Site are for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk.
Release:
The Site assumes no responsibility for the accuracy, currency, completeness or usefulness of information, views, opinions or advice in any material contained on the Site. In addition, it does not endorse any opinions or recommendations posted by others. Any information posted on the Site is the responsibility of the person or persons posting the message. You understand that the Site does not control, and is not responsible for User Content available on the Site. The Site shall not be responsible for any interaction between you and the other users of the Site. Your dealings with others through the Site are solely between you and such other parties. Under no circumstances will the Site be liable for any goods, services, resources or content available through such third party dealings or communications, or for any harm related thereto. The Site is under no obligation to become involved in any disputes between you and other users of the Site or between you and any other third parties.
You are entirely responsible and liable for any User Content that you post or that is posted through your Account.
Disclaimer of Warranties for Site:
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT FOUND ON THESE CLASSIFIEDS. THE SITE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE SITE MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT ITS CLASSIFIEDS OR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, WITHOUT DEFECT OR ERROR FREE. THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY MATERIAL, AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability:
The information, services and products available to you on this Site may contain errors and are subject to periods of interruption. While the Site does its best to maintain the information, services and products it offers on the Site, it cannot be held responsible for any errors, defects, lost profits or other consequential damages arising from the use of the Site.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE SITE OR ITS AFFILIATES, OWNERS, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, SPONSORS, SUPPLIERS, OR PARTNERS (COLLECTIVELY "INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED OR RELATING TO
THE USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE), OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SITE,
ANY INFORMATION, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE, OR
ANY INTERACTION BETWEEN YOU AND OTHER PARTICIPANTS OF THE SITE, EVEN IF ANY OF THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
YOU ACCEPT ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND HEREBY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES FROM AND AGAINST, ANY ACTIONS TAKEN BY YOU OR BY ANY PERSON AUTHORIZED TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DISCLOSURE OF PASSWORDS TO THIRD PARTIES. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY REGARDING YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SITE'S ACTIVITIES. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, OR DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, YOUR ONLY RECOURSE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE TO STOP USING THE SITE.
If you are a California resident, you waive any rights you may have under California Civil Code § 1542, which states: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."
Indemnity:
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Parties from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Site, the violation of these Terms by you, or the infringement by you, or other users of the Site using your computer, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. The Site reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. Jurisdiction and Choice of Law: These Terms shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to its choice of law provisions. Any action you or any third party may bring to enforce these Terms, or in connection with any matters related to the Site, shall be brought only in either the state or Federal courts located in the county of Denver, and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts. You also agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Site or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
General:
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and the Site and govern your use of the Site, superseding any prior agreements between you and the Site. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software, or visit another site linked to by this Site. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Violations:
Please report any violations of these Terms to our feedback form.
Severance and Waiver:
You acknowledge and agree that if any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Furthermore, if any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision. The Site's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by the Site.
Products & Services Made Available To You By Us
1.) We Receive Compensation.
We may receive commission and/or other compensation through links on our site to affiliate retail partners.
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of our terms of use, our cookies policy, and our privacy policy
The Miami New Times may earn a portion of sales from products & services purchased through links on our site from our affiliate partners.
©2020 Miami New Times, LLC. All rights reserved.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: California Privacy Policy | California Collection Notice | Do Not Sell My Info
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage, and to enhance and customize content and advertisements. By clicking 'X' or continuing to use the site, you agree to allow cookies to be placed. To find out more, visit our cookies policy and our privacy policy.
Join the New Times community and help support independent local journalism in Miami.
Get the latest updates in news, food, music and culture, and receive special offers direct to your inbox
Sign Up Now >
No Thanks
Become a member and go ad-free!
Support our journalism >
Privacy Policy
Join the New Times community and help support independent local journalism in Miami.
Get the latest updates in news, food, music and culture, and receive special offers direct to your inbox
Sign Up Now >
No Thanks
Become a donor and go ad-free!
Support our journalism >
Privacy Policy