https://www.dav.org/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy Policy
Effective: May 2019
DAV (Disabled American Veterans) strives to protect the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from members, donors, supporters, volunteers, those who otherwise communicate with DAV through all of our communication channels, and visitors to DAV’s Website (hereinafter “Website”). We have created this Privacy Policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information that you provide to us both online and offline and that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name, age, gender, postal address, occupation, telephone number(s), email address, user name or credit card details (hereinafter “Personal Information”), as well as certain non-personally identifiable information collected when you visit many of our webpages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g. Internet Explorer or Chrome), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows XP or Mac OS), the domain name of your internet service provider (e.g., AT&T or Verizon), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Website and/or aggregate data about the pages visited (hereinafter “Aggregate Data”). This Policy also applies when you use social media that overlaps DAV’s social media and/or Website. This Policy does not apply to information or data DAV purchases from other sources.
DAV’s Collection and Use of Personal Information:
DAV collects Personal Information supplied to us voluntarily by members, donors, supporters, volunteers, and visitors to our Website. We may use such voluntarily provided information to improve our understanding of your interests, to improve our services, or to contact you for future support. In order to utilize certain features of our Website, to receive information from DAV or to make a donation, you may choose to provide Personal Information. If you do submit information to us, we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted, and by providing it, you are consenting to such use. We may also use your information in other ways, such as to contact you about DAV activities, fundraising or membership communications, to conduct matching on Facebook or other social media, or as otherwise disclosed to you at the point of collection and/or in this Policy. If you supply DAV with your postal address online, you may receive periodic postal mailings from us providing information on veterans’ benefits, DAV services, or our funding needs.
DAV uses its best efforts not to share information it collects from members. DAV does not rent or sell the names of its members to other organizations. In the case of DAV-related co-branded promotions that support the fulfillment of DAV’s mission, DAV permits mailings and emails to its members. The mailings and emails are produced and sent by third party data management and mailing companies selected by DAV, and in limited cases, DAV may provide information directly to the promotion partner. The member information provided to the data management and mailing companies and promotion partner is at all times subject to strict non-disclosure requirements.
DAV uses third party vendors to provide services on this Website and in offline business operations. The information that you submit on DAV’s Website or through other communications may be provided to those vendors on a confidential basis so that those vendors can provide services (such as maintaining our database, sending email messages, facilitating fundraising activities, or processing credit card transactions) on our behalf.
Other than as described in this Privacy Policy, or as may be necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of our organization or others, or as may be necessary to comply with applicable law, DAV will not give or sell the Personal Information you provide online.
DAV uses the non-personally identifiable Aggregate Data information to improve the design and content of the Website and to enable DAV to personalize your internet experience. DAV may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Website usage as well as create services to fit your needs. Also, DAV shares this Aggregate Data with DAV’s related entities, advertisers, partners, and/or other third party vendors. DAV shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while DAV uses commercially-reasonable means to protect Website visitors’ Personal Information, DAV cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Use of Email Address and Cellular Telephone Numbers:
When you become a member or donate to DAV or sign up on our Website, or complete some other data form, you will be asked to supply your email address and/or telephone number(s). You may also participate in texting or similar mobile programs of the DAV, including fundraising activities. By providing your email address and/or your cellular telephone number, you are consenting to receive membership, fundraising, and other contacts from DAV. DAV does not sell or rent your email address or telephone number to any third party. Email addresses and telephone numbers provided to DAV are only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails or mobile communications and to contracted service providers and vendors for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
DAV complies with those provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act applicable to charitable organizations. All email messages contain a link to unsubscribe from DAV email. You may subscribe or unsubscribe to DAV at any time by contacting DAV or by giving a notice by United States mail to the following address at the end of this Policy.
Information Provided Offline by Donors and Volunteers: Rental Lists and Cooperatives:
DAV may rent or exchange with third parties the names and postal addresses of donors or volunteers who have provided their name and address offline to enhance and optimize efforts to secure a new supporters and to raise funds to support important functions and services. These third parties may include other nonprofit and commercial companies.
DAV may also provide certain personal information obtained offline – such as donor’s name, address and giving history – to companies and cooperatives that use the information to help DAV improve its fundraising efforts. These companies and cooperatives may use this personal information to advise other third parties in their marketing and fundraising campaigns and may share your name and address, but no other associated Personal Information, with those third parties.
Your California Privacy Rights:
Residents of California with whom DAV has an established business relationship, are entitled to certain information with respect to the types of personal information we share with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. Please review this Privacy Policy closely for information on how we share such information.
To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by DAV pursuant to California law, please contact DAV at the postal and email address, and telephone number that follows.
User Submissions:
DAV welcomes your comments and participation on its Website. However, you acknowledge that if you send us creative suggestions, stories, photos, videos, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information, the information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of DAV. By submission of any information to us, you assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation.
As a user of DAV’s Website, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of the posting. Therefore, do not impersonate another person and transmit material to us that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; do not send material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; do not send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; do not send material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; and do not send sexually explicit images, advertising or solicitations of business, or chain letters.
You represent and warrant that any information and/or material you post or provide to DAV through any medium is truthful, accurate, not misleading, not confidential property of others, and not in violation of any other third party’s rights. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that all submissions will become the property of DAV and that DAV has the right to publish or republish the submission for any type of use including for promotional and advertising purposes without compensation to you of any kind. Should your submission include third party materials, you grant, represent and warrant that you, as well as the owner of such content, have expressly granted DAV a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide exclusive license to use the submission in any manner, media or form now known or hereafter developed. DAV shall have the right to sublicense its rights.
Internet Protocol Address:
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the Website, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”:
DAV’s Website may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Website. Cookies are pieces of information that some Websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Websites. Use of cookies makes web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Website and to make sure you do not see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of DAV’s Website will not function properly when you view them.
Security:
Our Website server uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption on all forms that capture information entered on our webpages. Furthermore, when you make a donation to DAV using a credit card, the credit card information is transferred under SSL encryption to PayPal, our transaction partner. The credit card information is not stored by DAV. SSL technology is the industry standard used to protect personal information on the internet.
Tell-A-Friend:
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Website, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. DAV will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit DAV’s Website. DAV stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Websites:
Our Website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which DAV has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different from ours. Links to other websites do not imply an endorsement of the materials disseminated at those websites, nor does the existence of a link to another site imply that the organization or person publishing at that site endorses any of the materials at this Website.
Use of the Website from Outside the United States:
We do not represent or warrant that the Website, or any part thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any particular geographic location. If you choose to access our Website, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations applicable in your jurisdiction. Please note that the Website is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Website, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
A Special Note about Children:
DAV does not knowingly gather any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. You must be 13 years of age or older to access our Website. We only collect information on children 13-17 in conjunction with volunteer opportunities.
Modification of Policy and Terms:
By submitting your Personal Information to us, you consent and agree that DAV may use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Likewise, by visiting the Website, you are accepting the practices, policies and procedures described herein. DAV may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the Website. Therefore, please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. The date this Privacy Policy was last updated is stated at the beginning of this document.
Opt-out/Contact DAV:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of DAV’s Website, or your dealings with the Website, you can contact DAV at the postal and email address, and telephone number that follows. If you wish to opt-out of receiving future communications or should you wish to opt-out of having your information shared by DAV, please contact DAV at the below address or phone number or submit your request via email to DAV:
DAV (Disabled American Veterans)
P.O. Box 14301
Cincinnati, OH 45250-0301
Email: DonorRelations@dav.org
Phone: 859-441-7300
We will act on all opt-out requests as soon as possible, but please bear in mind that many mail communications are created months ahead of time. If you would like to review your Personal Information we maintain or request a correction, please contact us via email or by calling 859-441-7300.