http://www.clasp.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Contact Us
Press Room
Twitter
Facebook
Privacy Policy
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
At CLASP, we respect and protect the privacy of people who use our website. The following privacy statement provides details about how your personal information is collected and used. This privacy statement applies to the CLASP website and services that are located in, but not limited to, the CLASP.org domain.
Information Collection and UseCLASP is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. We collect information from our site visitors at several different points on our website.
Our website offers several opportunities for visitors to register for informational mailings. These registration forms are often linked to mailing lists and require users to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this contact information to send users information about events, news updates, publications, new initiatives, and occasional requests for donations to CLASP. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time (see the choice/opt-out section below).
Sharing and UsageWe will never share, sell, or rent your personal information with third parties for their promotional use. Occasionally, we enter into contracts with third parties so that they can assist us in servicing you (for example, providing website support services). The contracts prohibit them from using any of your personal information for their own purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information we provide to them. We may disclose or report personal information in limited circumstances where we believe in good faith that disclosure is required under the law. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities, to comply with a legal process such as court order, subpoena, search warrant, or law enforcement request.
Use of Web TechnologiesWe use a variety of technologies on our site. Among these are cookies; a piece of information that our websites provide to your browser when you visit our sites. Cookies allow us to verify the login status of customers using services linked directly with our website, track point of entry to point of registration for those users participating in our email signup programs, and track and measure the success of a particular email blast. Cookies also allow us to track overall site usage and determine areas users prefer, enabling us to make your visit to our website easier by recognizing you when you return and helping to provide you with a customized experience. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. If you choose to disable cookies, you may still use our site; however, you may have limited access to some areas within our websites.
We also keep track of activity on our website via log files stored on our web servers. We collect information such as IP address, browser type and version, and pages you view. We also keep track of how you got to our site and any links you click on to leave our site.  This information is not linked to any email addresses or other information you submit. Once you leave our site, we do not track you. We use your website activity to assist us in offering you a personalized Web experience, assist you with technical support, diagnose problems with our server, administer our websites and to tailor our informational offerings to you.
SecurityWe take every precaution to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information by using industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls, coupled with carefully developed security procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration. When we ask for sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, we protect it through the use of encryption during transmission, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
CLASP takes care to reinforce the importance of our website visitors' security and privacy among our employees. Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information and, using physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, we restrict access to personal information to those employees and agents for business purposes only.
Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on the website, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
SHARE
PRINT