https://www.arl.org/category/our-priorities/advocacy-public-policy/
Home
Our Priorities
Advocacy & Public Policy
ARL is the collective voice for research libraries and archives on public policy in the US and internationally. We lead on policy and legal issues that advance sustainable, equitable, and barrier-free access to information and culture while protecting core values of privacy and freedom of expression.
ARL partners with the Canadian Association of Research Libraries (CARL) on Canadian public policy issues, and works in coalition with the International Alliance of Research Library Associations (IARLA) on global policy development.
Contact Judy Ruttenberg (judy@arl.org) to find out how you can get involved.
Research Libraries Reduce Digital Divide through Broadband Services, Advocacy
Research libraries have a long-standing practice of providing tools and resources towards bridging the digital divide. Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, research libraries are helping even more college...
Digitization in an Emergency: Fair Use/Fair Dealing and How Libraries Are Adapting to the Pandemic
Like every other major institution operating during the coronavirus pandemic, research libraries are confronting sudden and radical shifts in their daily realities. Foremost among these challenges is the near-total loss...
Code of Best Practices in Fair Use for Software Preservation
The Code of Best Practices in Fair Use for Software Preservation provides clear guidance on the legality of archiving legacy software to ensure continued access to digital files of all...
Accessibility
We work with member libraries, higher education associations, disability organizations, federal agencies, Congress, and international organizations on promoting and implementing effective public policies that provide access to knowledge for people...
Code of Best Practices in Fair Use for Academic and Research Libraries
The Code of Best Practices in Fair Use for Academic and Research Libraries is a clear and easy-to-use statement of fair and reasonable approaches to fair use developed by and...
Copyright Timeline: A History of Copyright in the United States
18th-19th Centuries | 20th-21st Centuries | Bibliography and Resources The history of American copyright law originated with the introduction of the printing press to England in the late fifteenth century....
Fair Use
Legislation in support of fair use has been considered by the US Congress for many years. These bills sought to ensure the vitality of fair use in the digital environment....
Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP)
Recognizing the need to centralize government printing and to establish a mechanism to provide US citizens with no-fee access to federal government information, Congress passed the Printing Act of 1895...
International Copyright & IP
ARL, as a member of the Library Copyright Alliance (LCA), engages on a number of international copyright and intellectual property issues. In addition, ARL monitors Canadian copyright issues via the...
Libraries Open World of Knowledge for People with Visual Disabilities
On April 23, 2018, World Book and Copyright Day, Gulnaz Juzbaeva made history by borrowing a book. “One of the main obstacles I’ve encountered in school and university is the...
Library Copyright Alliance
The Library Copyright Alliance (LCA) consists of three major library associations — the American Library Association, the Association of Research Libraries, and the Association of College and Research Libraries—that cooperate...
Net Neutrality: Access to Information and Reliance on an Open Internet
On August 29, 2017, the Association of Research Libraries filed reply comments in the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) proceeding "In the Matter of Restoring Internet...
Public Access to Federally Funded Research and Government Information
Numerous federal statutes, executive orders, and Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Circulars provide agencies with guidance concerning the creation, collection, maintenance, dissemination, and preservation of government information. Ensuring effective...
Public Domain Day
A rich, robust public domain provides the building blocks of creation and culture. Works in the public domain are free to use without permission and can be reproduced, distributed, performed,...
1(current)
2
Next
Inside Advocacy & Public Policy
Accessibility
Broadband & Net Neutrality
Civil and Human Rights
Copyright & Fair Use/Fair Dealing
Government Information
Privacy
Stats That Matter
Nearly 20%
of US college students lack either a reliable device and/or service to get online, research shows
Tweets by ARLpolicy
Affiliates
This site uses cookies. By clicking 'I understand', you are agreeing to our use of cookies.I understandMore info...