http://www.hershnerhunter.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
541.686.8511
Hershner Hunter LLP (“we”, “us,” or “our”) takes the privacy of your personal information seriously.    When we use the term “personal information” we mean any information that might directly or indirectly identify you.  This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, process, and share your personal information when you interact with us via our website and outreach communications.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect offline.  Our other obligations to you as our client, if applicable, are not addressed by this Privacy Policy. Those obligations are described in our terms of engagement, Client Privacy Notice, or otherwise arise because of applicable law or ethical standards.
1. How we collect your personal information.
1.1. Information we automatically collect.  We automatically collect personal information when you use our website.  This may include information about your device, web browser, and other technical data about your interactions with our website.
1.2. Information you provide to us.  We collect personal information when you disclose it to us.  For example, you may provide us with your contact information, including your name, affiliated organization, telephone number, email, and mailing address.  You may also provide us with personal information when signing up for online services enabled through our website, such as our secure messaging portal.
1.3. Information provided by third parties.  We collect personal information when provided to us by third parties, such as an organization affiliated with you.  If you provide us with personal information about someone else, e.g. one of your employees, you covenant you are authorized to disclose that personal information to us and that we may collect, process, and disclose that personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
2. How we use your personal information.
We may process your personal information for a variety of reasons based on how you interact with us and under applicable law and this Privacy Policy.  Depending on your interactions with us, those reasons may include:
2.1. To provide you legal services. We may use and process your personal information to provide legal services and communicate with you about those services, including carrying out our obligations in our terms of engagement or other agreements we may have entered into with you, e.g. a business associate agreement.
2.2. To send you information we think you want.  We may use and process your personal information to send you legal updates we think you may be interested in or to invite you to an interesting event.
2.3. To perform our contracts with you.  We may use and process your personal information in connection with performing a contract with you.
2.4. To comply with our legal obligations.  We may use and process your personal information to defend claims or satisfy government reporting obligations.
2.5. To further our other legitimate interests.  We may use and process your personal information to further our other legitimate interests.  For example, we may use your personal information to analyze and improve our website.
3. Sharing your personal information.
It has always been and remains our policy to preserve and protect confidential client information.  We never sell your personal information and we only disclose personal information to third parties in limited circumstances, including:
3.1. With our authorized service providers.  We may share your personal information with a vendor who sends communications on our behalf or provides certain outsourced functions, such as technology and IT support.
3.2. With other external specialists.  While providing legal services we may share personal information with external specialists such as local counsel, other professional advisors, and legal technology vendors, e.g. deal rooms and discovery management platforms.
3.3. With our professional advisors.  We may share your personal information with our own professional advisors, including accounting, legal, insurance, and banking.
3.4.  With government authorities.  We may share your personal information as required by a court order or as otherwise mandated by a legal or regulatory requirement.
4. Protecting and storing your personal information.
We take security measures to protect your personal information from misuse and unauthorized disclosure.  Those security measures include industry standard data protection practices, commercial security tools, and administrative procedures.  Although we take such security measures, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information processed by the networks, systems, devices, and other technologies we operate or that are operated by our third-party service providers.  We keep your personal information until we no longer need it for any legal or legitimate purpose. At the appropriate time, we will take reasonable steps to destroy your personal information or ensure that your personal information is de-identified, except were we need to retain such information to satisfy legal, professional, or contractual obligations.
5. Updates to this Privacy Policy.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of changes as required by law. The updated policy will be posted on our website. Your continued use of the website after we post a revised policy signifies your acceptance of the revised policy.
Last Updated: 9/6/2019