https://www.frasiermeadows.org/privacy-policy/
Web Site DisclaimerAll materials posted on this site are subject to copyrights owned by Frasier or other individuals or entities. Any reproduction, re-transmission, or republication of all or part of any document found on this site is expressly prohibited, unless Frasier or the copyright owner of the material has expressly granted its prior written consent to so reproduce, re-transmit or republish the material. All other rights reserved.The names, trademarks, service marks and logos of Frasier appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate the organization’s sponsorship of or affiliation with any product or service, with the organization’s prior express written permission.  Although this web site features links to other sites, Frasier takes no responsibility for the content or information contained on those sites, as we do not exercise editorial or other control over these sites.This web site provides information and services in furtherance of our mission. We make no representations about the suitability or accuracy of the information on this site for any other purpose.  If you see any objectionable, inaccurate or improperly functioning content or features on this site, please contact Frasier as soon as possible.Web Privacy PolicyFrasier  respects the privacy of visitors to its web site. We strongly believe that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be assured that information provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, the organization has implemented the following policy.Frasier does not collect any personal information from users browsing our Web site. When you use the public areas of the Frasier web site you are doing so anonymously. Frasier does, however, collect aggregate use information, such as the number of hits (visits) per page. Aggregate data is used for internal and marketing purposes.  Frasier does not collect any personal identifying information. Our client list is not for sale. Your name and mailing information will not be sold to a commercial organization.