http://www.catholicjobs.com/privacy
Catholic Jobs Online
EmployersLogin » Post a Job
Search Catholic Jobs
View Recent Job Listings
Employers » Home
Plans & Pricing
Why Choose Us
About Us
Contact Us
New Employer? Sign Up
Already a User? Sign In
Privacy Policy
Last Update: March 1, 2008
Sacred Heart Media LLC is committed to respecting the privacy of our users. We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to CatholicJobs.com (the "Web Site"), also known as Catholic Jobs Online. CatholicJobs.com is a division of Sacred Heart Media LLC (the "Company"). The terms "You" and "User" as used herein refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing this Web Site for any reason.
By using the Web Site, you consent to the policies and practices described in this Privacy Statement. Furthermore, you understand that Sacred Heart Media LLC may revise this Privacy Statement at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page periodically to review the policies and practices found in the Privacy Statement.
The Web Site contains links to other web sites over which we have no control. The Company is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other web sites to which you choose to link from the Web Site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to the information we collect on the Web Site, and does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion.
Collection and Retention of Information
In some areas of the Web Site, the Company requests or may request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, contact information, billing information and any other information from which your identity is discernible. In other areas, the Company collects or may collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your ZIP code, age, preferences, gender, interests and favorites. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two types of information. Examples of areas on the Web Site where we collect personal or combined personal and demographic data are pages where you can register for a CatholicJobs.com account, sign up to use a service, post a resume, enter a contest or purchase a product.
We also gather or may gather certain information about your use of the Web Site, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. Moreover, information about your computer hardware and software is or may be collected by the Company. This information can include without limitation your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring web site addresses.
Since we believe that managing your career is a life-long process, we indefinitely retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical, and relevant. Of course, you can correct or update your account profile, resume, or job listings at any time. Furthermore, you can delete your resume or job listings from our online database or close your account at any time, in which event we will remove all our copies of your resume, job listings and account profile information except for an archival copy which is not accessible on the internet.
Use of Information by Sacred Heart Media LLC
We use the information we gather on the Web Site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the Web Site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer.
We may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from Sacred Heart Media LLC or its affiliated companies or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. (The term "affiliated companies" is defined in the section of this Statement entitled "Contact Information.")
We may use your contact information in order to send you email or other communications regarding updates at the Web Site, such as new CatholicJobs.com opportunities and additional listings which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you. In addition, at the time of registration for CatholicJobs.com, you may have the option to elect to receive additional communications, information and promotions including without limitation free informational newsletters from CatholicJobs.com relating to topics that may be of special interest to you, such as career management advice.
We have an area where you can submit feedback. Any feedback you submit in this area becomes our property, and we can use such feedback (such as success stories) for marketing purposes or contact you for further information.
Disclosure of Information to Others
We do not disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of the Web Site (such as the areas you visit or the services you access), except as set forth in the following four subparagraphs:
We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the products or services of third parties at the time you register for an account, we may supply your contact information to third parties such as employers, recruiters, data aggregators, marketers or others for the purpose of sending you email or otherwise communicating with you. We may use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the products or services of a particular third-party.
We may disclose such information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include hosting our web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.
We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of Sacred Heart Media LLC or its affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of the Company's business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event the Company becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Sacred Heart Media LLC or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court.
The Company may also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to the Web Site with its clients, partners and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors to CatholicJobs.com and how those visitors use the Web Site.
Job Listings
Job Listings are available to anyone with access to the Web Site. If you post a job listing, any contact information you provide in the listing may be collected and used by others over whom the Company has no control. Sacred Heart Media LLC is not responsible for the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of CatholicJobs.com.
Use of Cookies
CatholicJobs.com uses "cookies" to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online. Third parties may also be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served on this website.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize CatholicJobs.com pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password and preferences). Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. When you return to the Web Site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.
You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you prefer. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If you choose to decline cookies, however, you may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the Web Site.
Updating Your Information
You may review, correct, update or change your account profile information at any time. Simply log into your CatholicJobs.com account, click on My Account, review your account information and, if you wish, edit it with the options provided.
Deleting Your Information
If you would like to delete your CatholicJobs.com account, please email us at support@catholicjobs.com.
Security
CatholicJobs.com has implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Children
CatholicJobs.com is not intended for children under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16.
Changes to Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our Privacy Statement for CatholicJobs.com, we will post those changes on this web page so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. If at any time, you have questions or concerns about CatholicJobs.com's Privacy Statement, please feel free to email us at support@catholicjobs.com.
Contact Information
CatholicJobs.com is a division of Sacred Heart Media LLC, and is a name under which Sacred Heart Media LLC, a Limited Liability Company in the state of Ohio, and certain of its affiliated companies do business. ("Affiliated companies" means entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with Sacred Heart Media LLC) Sacred Heart Media LLC is the legal entity which determines the purposes and means of processing the information gathered on CatholicJobs.com. The information we gather on the CatholicJobs.com Web Site may be shared within Sacred Heart Media LLC and its affiliated companies.
We welcome your comments concerning this Privacy Statement. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement, please contact us by emailing us at support@catholicjobs.com. We will make reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.