http://www.ssgreatbritain.org/terms-of-use
You are hereHome > Terms of use
Terms of use
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website ssgreatbritain.org (our website), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the website. By using our website, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our website.
Information about us
ssgreatbritain.org is a website operated by SS Great Britain Trust and SS Great Britain Trading Ltd ("We"). The SS Great Britain Trust (registered company number 1000878) with registered office address at Great Western Dockyard, Gas Ferry Road, Bristol, England, United Kingdom, BS1 6TY is incorporated as a private company limited by guarantee under the Companies Acts. The SS Great Britain Trust is a registered charity (registered charity number 262158). SS Great Britain Trading Limited (company registration number 999528) with registered office address at Great Western Dock, Gas Ferry Road, Bristol, BS1 6TY is a wholly owned subsidiary of the SS Great Britain Trust and performs the Trust’s trading activities. All profits of the trading company are transferred to SS Great Britain Trust under a gift aid declaration.
The VAT number for the SS Great Britain Trust is 664 4291 23.
For further information about us please email admin@ssgreatbritain.org or call 0117 926 0680.
Access to our website
Access to our website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our website without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our website, or our entire website, to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
When using our website you must comply with these website terms of use.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our website through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Information on our website
We have endeavoured to ensure that the information contained in this website is accurate.
We reserve the right to make alterations and corrections to the information contained in this website at any time without notice. We make no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or referred to on this website.
We aim to update our website regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our website, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update that material.
Intellectual property rights
Images, copyright, trademarks, brands and all other intellectual property rights including any Brunel's ss Great Britain's trademarks or brands displayed on this website or existing in this website belong to us and are protected by copyright, trade mark and other intellectual property laws and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without written permission of their respective owner(s).
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our website for your personal reference for non-commercial purposes and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our website.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
The copies must retain any copyright or other intellectual property notices contained in the original material showing our status as owners, or that of our contributors.
You must not use any part of the materials on our website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
The products, technology or processes described in this website may be the subject of other intellectual property rights reserved by us or by other third parties. No licence is granted in respect of those intellectual property rights.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our website in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Our liability
Our liability under these website terms is governed by the terms of the section entitled "Limitation of Liability" contained within our Online Shop and Purchase Terms and Conditions and the paragraphs set out in this "Our Liability" section below.
The material displayed on our website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. The use of information on the website and any downloadable item is at your own risk. We cannot accept responsibility for any disruption, damage and/or loss to your data or computer system that may occur while using this website or any downloadable item. This website and material displayed on the website is provided "as is" without any warranty or implied term of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to any implied warranties or implied terms of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. All such implied terms and warranties are hereby excluded to the extent permitted by law.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
The information contained in this website has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing information about the SS Great Britain Trust and our services.
Transactions concluded through the website
Contracts for the supply of products, tickets, annual membership or other goods and services formed through our website or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our terms and conditions of supply.
Online Ticketing Cancellation, Returns and Refunds Policy
Once tickets have been purchased an email will be sent with the ticket confirmation.
It is the purchaser’s responsibility to ensure that the email details are correct at the time of purchase.
Refunds or exchanges are not offered on tickets.
All open dated standard passenger tickets must be claimed at the attraction within one year of the purchase date.
Tickets may not be resold and can only be used by the original ticket holder.
Replacements cannot be issued for lost or stolen tickets.
If a ticketed event is cancelled for any reason then a full refund will be issued to all ticket holders.
If a ticketed event is postponed for any reason then refunds or exchanges will be available within 7 days of the notification of the new event date.
Captain Gray discount voucher
The promotion is run by the SS Great Britain Trust and SS Great Britain Trading Ltd (‘The Trust’). Reg charity no 262158.
The offer is subject to availability and cannot to be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Only one voucher can be used per transaction.
A printed certificate must be presented at the SS Great Britain ticket office in order to claim the offer.
Voucher valid until 28.02.17.
The Trust reserves the right to amend, change and withdraw the offer at any time without prior notification.
Voucher must be redeemed at time of purchasing tickets.
The discount cannot be applied to existing tickets, even if the tickets have not been used.
Admission prices are subject to change.
The Trust reserves the right to refuse redemption where these conditions have not been adhered to.
There is no cash alternative. (Voucher value 0.0000001p).
Exchange, re-sale or sale of voucher is strictly prohibited.
The Trust cannot accept any liability for lost or stolen vouchers.
The voucher is non-transferable and cannot be exchanged for goods or services, other than discounted admission to Brunel’s SS Great Britain.
Play the game
Information about you and your visitors to our website
This website is owned and run by us. We respect your privacy and will continue to do so in the on-line world.
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our website, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our website. You must not attack our website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our website will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to our website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our website must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a link to any part of our website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to admin@ssgreatbritain.org.
Links from our website
Where our website contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our website. These terms of use are governed by English law.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our website.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our website, please contact admin@ssgreatbritain.org.