https://www.peoplefindernow.com/privacypolicy.htm
PeopleFinderNow Privacy Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy.
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers, that serve as that computer's "Internet Protocol" IP address.
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within peoplefindernow.com, our Web server automatically recognize the visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, but do not collect and evaluate this information for individuals. Our Web server does not record e-mail addresses of the visitors.
What are cookies?
From time to time, peoplefindernow.com or its advertisers may send a "cookie" to your computer.
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
Cookies do not damage your system
We use cookies to identify which areas of peoplefindernow.com website you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible.
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. We and our advertisers may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on our Sites.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
What other information do you request?
We may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to e-mail newsletters, announcement lists or information about seminars)
Whenever we request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested.
We maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy, that means that we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent.
In addition, peoplefindernow.com will not send you email that you have not agreed to receive. We
may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services.
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings from other reputable, third-party companies.
Wherever peoplefindernow.com collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties?
peoplefindernow.com will disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
1) Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on peoplefindernow.com,
2) Protect and defend the rights or property (intellectual or otherwise)of the peoplefindernow.com
site, or visitors to peoplefindernow.com,
3) Identify persons who may be violating the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties,
4) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.
peoplefindernow.com uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us
secure. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any any third parties which receives the information. peoplefindernow.com also links to a
wide variety of other sites and contains advertisements of third parties. We are
not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their
users.
See below,
What else should I know about my privacy when online?
peoplefindernow.com contains many links to other Web sites peoplefindernow.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. peoplefindernow.com does not share any of the individual personal information you provide peoplefindernow.com with the sites to which peoplefindernow.com links, although peoplefindernow.com may share aggregate data with such Web sites (such as how many people use our Site).
Please check with those sites to determine their privacy policy.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information
online - for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that
information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal
information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited
messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your
personal information.
Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by PeopleFinderNow.com as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
The only data PeopleFinderNow.com stores about you is the information you enter when filling out one of our search forms.
Those forms (provided by a third party Jotform.com) are GDPR European General Data Protection Regulation Compliant.
PeopleFinderNow uses its own cookies as well as 3rd-party cookies for several purposes:
User account access, security, and enhanced features
Google Analytics cookies for web site statistics
Social Networking services cookies related to badges and sharing functionality
Some embedded content (such as videos) uses cookies
peoplefindernow.com's own cookies are only used for access to account features, site messages, and account security.
By continuing to view this site, you agree to the use of all such cookies.
As for 3rd-party cookies, you can opt out of Google Analytics cookies for all sites. You can also opt out of AddThis Targeting and Personalization.
You can read more about cookies here.
Privacy
As always, your private information details (such as your e-mail address, name, telephone number or other personal identifiable information) have never and will never be sold or conveyed in any other way to any third party except Court Ordered & verifiable Law Enforcement.
Copyright 2020 PeopleFinderNow.com
All Rights Reserved.
Back Home