https://www.kwfc.org/about/privacy-policy/
Home About UsPrivacy Policy
At KWFC, we take privacy seriously. Because we may gather certain types of information about our listeners, we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information.
Please note that by visiting kwfc.org you consent to the collection of Your Information by KWFC.org as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
1. Will KWFC Disclose the Information It Collects to Outside Parties?
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, KWFC does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. However, we may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site information to third-parties. These statistics will include no personally identifying information. KWFC may also release your information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules, or protect the rights, property or safety of KWFC, our users, or others.
2. What Information Do We Collect? How Do We Use It?
Voluntary Information You Provide UsIf you contact us by email; complete our registration forms, surveys, or entry forms; subscribe to our services or newsletters; or participate in one of our contests or sweepstakes; we will ask you for information. The information we ask for may include contact information (such as your name and email address) and/or demographic information (such as your zip code or age). Below you will find descriptions of how KWFC may use these types of information.
Registration DataRegistration data is voluntary information provided directly by you in order to receive optional access to certain services or site areas and which may include personally identifiable information such as your name, age, email address, zip code, or telephone number. In addition, registration data may include preference information such as usernames, passwords, desired newsletters, etc. Here are some of the ways we might use that information:
To deliver services such as newsletters, etc. and other items that you request or purchase
To help us create and deliver the content that is most relevant to you
To alert you to news, events, contests, and other items if you so request
To allow you entrance into restricted areas of the site, as appropriate
To send you information about KWFC and our web site
SurveysSometimes KWFC posts optional surveys in which we ask for personally identifiable information. Here are some ways we might use that information:
To send you information about KWFC and our web site
To help us create and deliver the content that is most relevant to you
The choice is yours -- you don't have to answer surveys, but if you do, please understand that the information you provide will be used by KWFC.
Contests and SweepstakesFrom time to time, KWFC runs contests and sweepstakes in which we ask for personally identifiable information such as your name, age, email address, or telephone number. That's so we can determine if you're eligible for the contest and to let you know if you win. Sometimes we request additional information such as your gender, marital status. Here are some of the ways we might use the information that we collect:
To determine if you're eligible for the contest
To notify you if you're a winner
To send you information about KWFC and our web site
To help us create and deliver the content that is most relevant to you
If You Contact UsWe use return email addresses to answer the email we receive from you. Unless you tell us otherwise, such email addresses are not used for any other purpose.
What About "Cookies"?"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive. From time to time our Web site may place cookies on your computer's hard drive that enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide you with certain features. Use of cookies also provides information about your Web usage, which helps us compile demographic and statistical information about visitors who are utilizing our Web site. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use our site.
3. Correct - Update - Delete
User registration data can be corrected, updated or deleted by contacting us at 417-869-0891, emailing info@kwfc.org or by mail:
KWFC2550 S. Campbell Ave., Ste 100Springfield, MO 65807
4. Public Forums
This site makes message boards (i.e. prayer center) and/or news groups available to its users. Any information you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. We cannot safeguard the privacy of any such information you choose to disclose online in this manner and you must do so carefully and at your own risk.
5. Confirmed Opt-in
KWFC acquires no personal or registration data about our users except what you explicitly and voluntarily provide (i.e., opt-in). We reserve the right to use this information specifically for the purposes related to your registration and generally for any necessary future communication regarding your registration status.
6. Links to Other Sites
When you visit kwfc.org , you may be linked to other outside sites. This includes links to sites operated by advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use KWFC logo as part of an agreement with kwfc.org.These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. These other sites may be developed by people over whom KWFC exercises no control and, as such, are not subject to KWFC's Privacy Policy. KWFC is not responsible for the privacy policies of these other sites, nor for the use of any information that these sites may collect.
7. Children's Privacy
Naturally, the safety of children is very important to us. KWFC will not knowingly accept personal information from children under the age of 13 without first obtaining written parental consent. If we become aware of such information without parental consent, it will be permanently deleted from our database.
8. Information Security
The security and confidentially of your information is extremely important to us. Accordingly, we take appropriate security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. Please be aware, however, that despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
9. Changes to this Policy
KWFC may at any time amend, modify, restate, or revise this Privacy Policy by updating this posting, and you should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Privacy Policy that is in effect. If any material changes are made, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Web site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
10. Tell Us What You Think
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy. Please send us a message via email to: info@kwfc.org
View Family Calendar
Submit An Event
Become A Partner
Need info on how to become a Business Ministry Partner?
Learn More
View Directory
Partners
Please wait while your page is loaded...