http://www.hudin.com/privacy-policy/
LOG IN · CART
LOG IN · CART
Privacy Policy
This is the website of Miquel Hudin, fiscally based in the United States of America under Hudin Varela, EIN 26-3110926. It is registered in France and hosted in Germany by New Zealand company, Rimu Hosting. For further information please email www.hudin.com/contact
We are absolutely committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors. We will not share your information with others without your prior consent. This policy sets out how we will treat your personal information. By using this site you are accepting and consenting to the practices set out in this Privacy and Cookie Policy and also agreeing to abide by our Terms of Use.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views])
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including your name and email address)
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters (including your name and email address)
any other information that you choose to send to us
Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website. We may use your personal information to:
enable your use of the services available on the website
send you email notifications and newsletters which you have specifically requested
help us monitor and administer the website
provide third parties with anonymous statistical information about our users as a whole in order to show advertisers and other parties how many users we have on the site – this information will not be used to identify any individual user
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy. In addition, we may disclose information about you:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk)
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of this website should we consider selling in the future
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure password- and firewall- protected servers.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot completely guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential.
We will not ask you for your password under any circumstances.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are in agreement with the changes.
Third-party websites
This website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third-party websites.
Updating information and withdrawing consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent to any processing that is currently being done under your consent. Consent can be withdrawn for some processing by updating your preferences by contacting us by email www.hudin.com/contact. Please note that if you exercise your right to withhold the use of your personal data in any of the forms detailed above, it may affect our ability to provide the services which you have originally provided your data for.
Cookie Policy
We continually strive to provide you with the best user experience possible when visiting our website. We therefore use cookies for example to:
Remember your settings during and between visits
Allow interaction between our website and social networks
Gather anonymous data about our users and the way they interact with our website to serve relevant and functional content
Continually improve our website for you
We do not sell the information collected by cookies, nor do we disclose the information to third parties, except where required by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies).
How you can control cookies
We assume your consent to the use of cookies when you visit and use our website and most browsers are automatically set to accept them. You can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance of cookies, or delete cookies that have already been set. If you choose to disable cookies on this website, some or all of the site may cease to function and we will not be held liable in such instances.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please don’t hesitate to contact us by email through www.hudin.com/contact
Privacy & Cookies: You know the drill and that to view the site you need to accept the cookie policy.
Cookie Policy
X