http://www.valorfoundation.com/privacy.html
The Valor Foundation
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for the Valor Foundation website.
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected on this website, and describes
what personally identifiable information is collected from you, how that information is
used and the security procedures in place to protect your information.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access
to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact
from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone, under any
circumstances.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you have contacted us.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other
than as necessary to fulfill your request, such as shipping an order. Unless you ask us
not to, we may contact you via email in the future to send you announcments and notices,
including any changes to this privacy policy.
Information
We collect personally identifiable information that is needed to complete an
order for a product or service. This is information that can be used to identify
you as an individual, and includes:
Your name, email address, phone number, billing address and shipping address
Your account username and password for this website
The credit card information you entered when placing an order
Personal account preferences you have selected when creating an account
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following
at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
Change or correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
We may collect other information that cannot be readily used to identify you, such
as the domain name and IP address of your computer. We may use this information,
individually or in the aggregate, for technical administration and account management
purposes. We will take commercially reasonable precautions to protect your information
from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration.
Cookies
We use "cookies" to store personal data on your computer. We may also link information
stored on your computer in cookies with personal data about specific individuals stored
on our servers. This is used to personalize your experience on the website and in the
process of placing an order. If you configure your browser so that cookies are not
allowed, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of our website.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information
via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect
sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and
transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon
on your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also
protect your information offline. Only authorized staff who need the information to perform
a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally
identifiable information. The servers in which we store personally identifiable information
are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our privacy policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this
page. We may also notify you by email if there are any changes made to this policy, unless
you have previously asked us not to contact you.
Site Links
Home
About Us
Ms. Sinkler's Bio
Ms. Sinkler's Books
Infinite Way Books
Search Joel Goldsmith Library
Library Activity
Discs and Tapes
Study Guides
Books and Classes
Featured Classes
Order Books
Order Tapes
Order Compact Discs
Order Audio Files
Order eBooks
More Information
The Infinite Way
Frequently Asked Questions
Meditations
Study Ways
Pearls
Infinite Way Wisdoms
Guestbook
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 The Valor Foundation. All Rights Reserved. |
Privacy Policy