http://www.clarkhill.com/pages/cookie-policy
Meet our Talent
Attorneys & Professionals
Explore our Advantage
About
Sectors & Services
Discover our Perspective
News
Events
Alerts
Get Started
Careers
Contact
Offices
Home>Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
We (including our service providers working on our behalf) utilize cookies to collect information about your activity, or activity on devices associated with you, on our Site and applications.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a text file which is stored on your computer or other device that allows us to distinguish you from other users of this Site.  Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire.
Cookies can help us to provide you with a more relevant experience when you browse the Site.  Additionally, we utilize cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how you and other users interact with the Site, and to improve the functionality and performance of the Site.
Some cookies are set by us (first party cookies); some cookies are set by another party’s website (third party cookies). However, we do not allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above.
How to manage cookies or opt out of interest-based targeting
Some people prefer not to allow cookies, which is why most browsers give you the ability to manage cookies to suit you. In some browsers you can set up rules to manage cookies on a site-by-site basis, giving you more fine-grained control over your privacy. What this means is that you can disallow cookies from all sites except those that you trust.
Web browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
You can opt out of interest-based targeting provided by participating ad servers through the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://youradchoices.com). In addition, on your iPhone, iPad or Android, you can change your device settings to control whether you see online interest-based ads.
If you limit the ability of websites and applications to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience and/or lose the ability to access the services, since it will no longer be personalized to you. It may also stop you from saving customized settings, like login information.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Cookie Policy or the information that we collect about you, you may contact us at compliance@clarkhill.com.
All Pages, ©
2020
Clark Hill PLC.
800.949.3120
|
Email Us
|
Disclaimers
|
Privacy Policy
|
California Privacy Notice
|
Cookie Policy
|
Webmail
|
Admin
Client Login
|
CHS Online Payment
|
CHS Login