https://www.geneseo.edu/health/howtohelp#classroom
Resources & How to Help | SUNY Geneseo
Health & Counseling
COVID 19 TESTING REQUIREMENT
Crisis & Emergency Resources
Red Folder
Campus Emergencies
Public Access Defibrillation
Mission Statement / Meet Our Staff
Frequently Asked Questions
Forms
Quick Links & Resources
Health Services
New and Transfer Students
Resource Nurse (CCRN)
Tuberculosis Disease
International/Exchange Student
Study Abroad
Our Services, Health
Student Health Fee
Insurance Information
PrEP Pre-Exposure Prophyslaxis
Sexual Health Services
Reproductive Health
Reproductive Health Center
Contraceptive Options
Sexual Health Concerns
Men's Health
Helpful Links
Counseling Services
Our Services
Psychiatric Services
Counseling Staff
Self-Help & Self-Care
Resources & How to Help
Off-Campus Referrals
Mental Health Concerns
Practicum & Internship
Alcohol and Other Drug (AOD) Program
Alcohol & Other Drugs
Additional AOD Resources
Health Promotion
Healthy Geneseo
Geneseo Healthguards
Hot Topics!
Wellness in Nature
Student Health Advisory Committee (SHAC)
Privacy Policies
Breadcrumb
Home
Health & Counseling
Resources & How to Help
Resources & How to Help
Below are listed some resources for helping students who may be struggling with mental health issues. Also visit our Counseling Services Quick Resource List for 24/7 hotlines, campus resources, and referral information.
Helpful Handouts
Self-Care Strategies please note that the Counseling Services hours listed on document are incorrect
What to Do If Someone You Know...Is Grieving
What to Do If Someone You Know...Has Been Sexually Assaulted
Responding to Students in Distress
Helping Students Cope with Tragic Events
Disruptive Student Behavior (from the Center for Community/Dean of Students office)
Helping Distressed or Distressing Students: A Guide for Faculty and Staff (from University of Rochester)
Identifying Students In Distress
In order to facilitate early identification of difficulties, listed below are some possible warning signs which may suggest that a student is in need of assistance.
a change in appearance (e.g., poor hygiene, weight gain/loss)
a drop in GPA or academic performance from the previous semester, especially for students who generally perform above average
increased irritability or agitation
consistently inappropriate or illogical questions
distracted or preoccupied thought processes
withdrawal from social interactions with peers, family, and significant others, frequent class absences, and expressions of loneliness
fearful responses, such as avoidance or apprehension about being alone
occurrence of a recent loss or other crisis (e.g., relationship breakup, death of a friend or family member, academic failure, physical illness, rape/sexual assault, bullying)
expressions of hopelessness (statements such as "there's no use trying" or "what's the point?")
indirect statements or written essays about death or suicide ("I want to disappear," "there's no way out" or "I can't go on") as well as more direct suicidal statements ("I've thought about hurting myself")
Try these Conversation Starters from Seize the Awkward or use Kognito, a free online interactive course to help you practice difficult conversations (see below; both student and faculty/staff versions are available).  You can also take QPR (Question, Persuade, Refer) Training, which teaches you how to recognize mental health symptoms and connect those in need of help (currently offered FREE from NYS; use the organizational code "SUNY" when setting up your account).
Consulting With Counseling Services
Informal consultation for students is available via Let's Talk.
Faculty, staff, parents, and concerned others may consult with Counseling Services if they believe a student is in distress and they are uncertain how to help. If you have concerns about a student's emotional functioning or behavior, including alcohol use, depression or anxiety, aggression, unusual behavior, or overall psychological well-being, we encourage you to speak with a Counseling Services professional staff member. To consult with Counseling Services, call our office at 585-245-5716 and ask to speak with the counselor on-call. The on-call counselor will ask for specific information about the situation in order to help you determine how to proceed.
In the event of a potential psychological crisis situation, the on-call counselor is designated to assist with the response process. The on-call counselor has a limited availability to meet with students on a same-day basis when appropriate (or to make other appropriate arrangements).  These same-day crisis services are designed to assist students who are confronting life-threatening circumstances, current or recent traumatic crises, and/or other serious mental illness.
Some examples of the above include:
current thoughts of suicide
current thoughts about hurting another person
recent assault or abuse
knowledge of another person being abused or assaulted
hallucinations or delusions
recent major loss, such as death of a loved one
witnessing or experiencing a recent traumatic event
For more information on responding to mental health crises and emergencies which occur when our office is closed, please go to the Student Health and Counseling Crisis & Emergency Resources page.  Alternatively, Life Line, a local hotline service offered through the Health Association, provides 24 hour consultation, referral, suicide hotline, and other services. Contact Life Line toll-free at 1-800-310-1160.  Other resources include University Police (x5222) and 911 or 211.
Referring Students to Counseling Services
Once you identify a student who is experiencing a pattern of the above symptoms, you must decide whether or not to confront that student. Whether you are a faculty/staff member or a parent, if you do choose to speak with the student, the following are some guidelines for your interaction:
Talk to the student in private.
Express your concern for the student in a direct, straightforward manner, focusing on the specific behaviors which are causing your concern.
Listen carefully, asking open-ended questions; avoid criticizing or sounding judgmental.
Try not to make agreements or bargains with the student that isolate you in dealing with the problem (e.g., promising to keep what they have said a secret).
If appropriate, discuss a possible referral to Counseling Services. Our services are confidential and for all registered students.
Remember that the student has the right to accept, think over, or refuse your recommendations.
If the student resists help and you are still concerned, it may be helpful for you to consult with a Counseling Services professional staff member; call our office at 585-245-5716 to request a consultation.
In a crisis, it is most important to remain calm and to make sure the student is safe.
For more information about helping a student with specific issues, visit our Helping Others page.
Important Things to Remember When Referring:
Encourage the student to connect with Counseling Services using our online form at myhealth.geneseo.edu.  Students generally receive a response within 24-48 hours.
For more urgent needs, encourage the student to call Counseling Services directly at 585-245-5716 to request a Same Day appointment. We have designated triage counselors who are available to meet with students who have urgent needs.
If you have questions and require assistance in how to proceed, call 585-245-5716 and ask to speak with one of our triage counselors.  These counselors can consult with you as needed and assist you with problem-solving.
For information on how to respond to crises which occur outside of business hours, go to the Health & Counseling Emergency Information page.
What to Do if a Student is Reluctant to Seek Help
While it is important to care about the emotional well being of students, we cannot make their decisions for them, and counseling is always a personal choice. Nevertheless, you can assist a student who is ambivalent about seeking professional help in a number of ways.
Normalize the process of pursuing counseling. This may be especially helpful for students whose cultural backgrounds may include differing views of mental health treatment.
Reassure the student that you do not view them as "crazy."
Let the student know that no problem is too big or too small for treatment.
Inform the student that he or she can make an appointment to speak to a counselor once without making a commitment to ongoing therapy.
Remind the student that any information shared during counseling sessions is kept strictly confidential and will not be disclosed to parents, faculty, or other college departments without the student's written permission.
Acknowledge, validate, and discuss the student's real fears and concerns about seeking help. Some students may feel that counseling is an admission of weakness or failure; we tell students that it takes considerable courage and integrity to face oneself, acknowledge one's limitations, and admit the desire or need for assistance.
Suggest that the student visit our web site as a means to become familiar with the services we offer prior to seeking treatment. The student may be willing to take an anonymous screening for depression, anxiety, eating disorders, or alcohol use via our Online Screening Program.
If the student doesn't want to meet with a counselor individually but is open to other ideas, you can suggest that the student attend one or more of our Healthy Bodies, Healthy Minds program through GOLD.
If for some reason the student would prefer to seek therapy off-campus, you can refer the student to our Off-Campus Referral Resources page.
Consult with us! We are happy to help you problem-solve about how to help.
Additional Information
Kognito At-Risk for University and College Faculty & Staff and At-Risk for College Students and Student Leaders are a pair of online, interactive courses which utilize conversation simulations featuring virtual humans. These are designed to help users learn how to approach at-risk students and to make appropriate referrals to campus support services.
Find out more about how to help with specific issues (such as depression, anxiety, trauma, and suicide) on our Common Mental Health Concerns page.
If you are looking for more general guidelines regarding how to handle potentially difficult classroom situations, visit this excellent page from Hobart and William Smith Colleges on Managing Emotional Discussions.
Finally, you may also want to consider adding a mental health statement to your syllabi.  For more information, view our Faculty Guidelines for Mental Health Statement on Syllabi.
Classroom Programs for Faculty
One of our counselors, Dr. Beth Cholette, is both a licensed psychologist (PhD) and a registered yoga teacher (RYT).  She teaches yoga on campus and can bring instruction on breathing, meditation, and/or yoga to your classroom.  Review information on her Mind-Body Classroom Programs, and contact Beth at cholette@geneseo.edu if you would like to arrange this for your students.  Available virtually for Fall 2020.
Just for Parents
Parents, looking for more information?  Take a look at our Just for Parents page.