https://www.ptk.org/about/policies/code-of-ethics/
Skip to contentCode of Ethics
Report a Violation
If you are aware of any violation of the Code of Ethics and would like to report a claim, please visit www.ptk.ethicspoint.com or call 844.516.3778.
Code of Ethics, November 9, 2015
Phi Theta Kappa is committed to the highest ethical standards, efficient stewardship of resources, and compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Phi Theta Kappa has developed this Code of Ethics to promote these important objectives. Phi Theta Kappa’s Code of Ethics shall apply in all Organizational operations and to all employees and constituents1 of Phi Theta Kappa, regardless of rank or position. These values serve as the permanent foundation upon which Phi Theta Kappa operates. When engaged in activities or conduct associated with Phi Theta Kappa programs or business operations, all Phi Theta Kappa employees and constituents must endeavor to:
Promote the best interests of Phi Theta Kappa.
Preserve the public’s trust, respect, and confidence in Phi Theta Kappa.
Exhibit personal integrity, honesty, and responsibility in all actions.
Provide an environment of mutual respect, impartiality, and collaboration, free from harassment and discrimination of any kind.
Maintain confidentiality in all matters deemed confidential.
Assure independence of judgment free from conflicting interests.
Ensure that relationships that constitute or could be perceived as conflicts of interest are fully and properly disclosed and that Phi Theta Kappa policies and procedures are followed.
Comply with the policies and procedures of Phi Theta Kappa and applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations.
Demonstrate appropriate and efficient stewardship of Phi Theta Kappa property and resources.
Where appropriate, Phi Theta Kappa will review and address any reported violation of this Code of Ethics determined to have occurred. The President and CEO shall establish procedures necessary to implement this policy. 1 Constituents shall be defined as anyone who volunteers or participates in Phi Theta Kappa activities. These persons can include, but are not limited to, Members (prospective or active), Alumni, Advisors, Regional Coordinators and International Officers.
Conflict of Interest - General , November 9, 2015
Phi Theta Kappa employees and constituents1 are expected to act at all times in the Organization’s best interest and to exercise sound judgment, unaffected by personal or conflicting interests. Whether in performing Phi Theta Kappa employee responsibilities or acting as a representative of the Organization, employees and constituents should avoid conflicts of interest, or the appearance of a conflict of interest. A conflict of interest exists if circumstances would lead a reasonable person to question whether an individual’s motivations or objectives in connection with a matter are aligned with Phi Theta Kappa’s mission and best interests. Each individual must be aware of actual or potential conflicts of interest in particular situations and resolve the issue in accordance with this policy and procedures established by the President and CEO. This policy is intended to supplement, but not to conflict with, any applicable state and federal laws governing conflict of interest applicable to nonprofit and charitable organizations.
1Constituents shall be defined as anyone who volunteers or participates in Phi Theta Kappa activities. These persons can include, but are not limited to, Members (prospective or active), Alumni, Advisors, Regional Coordinators and International Officers.
Non-Discrimination Policy, November 9, 2015
Phi Theta Kappa is committed to the elimination of unlawful discrimination in connection with all employment relationships, business operations and programs. Discrimination based on gender, family or marital status, race, color, national origin, military or veteran status, economic status, ethnic background, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, genetic information or history, age, disability, political affiliation and cultural and religious backgrounds is prohibited. Membership eligibility is determined by the local chapter in accordance with membership criteria established by the Phi Theta Kappa Constitution and Bylaws. The President and CEO is responsible for implementation of this policy.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.