https://www.chatsworthfoursquarechurch.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Last modified August 9, 2019.
Personal Data Collection, Retention, and Use
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
We also use external resources, such as Google Analytics and YouTube, which may use cookies.
Donations
When donating to us, we may refer you to a secure third-party handler. These websites are subject to their own privacy policies and may collect personally identifiable information from you, which may include (but is not limited to) your name, email, phone number, credit card information, bank account information, and address.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Your Rights
You can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Analytics & Tracking
We use Google Analytics, a secure third-party service which uses cookies to monitor and track our website’s traffic and interactions, including page visits, in order to improve our services. We do not use this data for marketing or remarketing purposes.