https://www.australianbridalservice.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Australian Bridal Service Pty Ltd  – Privacy Policy Statement
Your privacy
Australian Bridal Service Pty Ltd (ABN 21 007 425 934) (ABS) is committed to protecting your personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) in the Privacy Act as well as other applicable legislation, such as the Spam Act.
What we collect and how we collect it
The personal information we collect about you depends on the dealings you have with us. Personal Information includes information about an individual who is reasonably identifiable. For example, if you:
Make a purchase on our website, we may collect your credit card, identity and transaction details on our website via our secure payment gateway eWAY or on the Eventbrite website. As part of the transaction, for either bridal exhibition (standard or VIP) tickets or a platinum privilege card, (which entitle the holder to incentives and discounts from the ABS network of accredited businesses) we will also collect your name, postal address, email address, telephone contact details and your proposed wedding date.
Upon entry to one of our bridal exhibitions, we may collect your name and contact details including your postal address, email address, telephone contact details and your proposed wedding date.
make a request online or via phone to have a free bridal exhibition brochure mailed or emailed to you we may collect your name, postal address, email address, telephone contact details and your proposed wedding date
make a request online or via phone to have information about becoming an exhibitor we may collect your name, postal address, email address, telephone contact details and standard details about your business
provide information via social media pages such as providing your name or contact details via the ABS ‘Australian Bridal Service’ Facebook pages, or our Twitter or Instagram accounts or other social media sites.
enter a competition or complete a survey, in online or printed format, we may collect your name and contact details including your postal address, email address, telephone contact details and your proposed wedding date
send us an enquiry or provide us with feedbackthrough our online form or via our head office phone (03) 9372 3022, we may collect your name, contact details, details of your enquiry or feedback and information about our response
apply for a job at ABS, we may collect the information you include in your job application, including your and your referee’s contact details1 Collection of personal information through the various company websites
Information is automatically collected through your use of the various company websites, through cookies. Cookies are small text files that websites or apps may place on your computer or device. Most often, cookies are used to recognise repeat users of websites and remember user preferences. You can switch off cookies by adjusting the settings on your internet browser.
2.2 Collection of personal information by third parties in ABS bridal exhibitions
Up to 200 businesses participate in each ABS bridal exhibition and they may collect your personal information (eg when you join their mailing list, or recording your wedding preferences). ABS is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties and this Policy does not apply to them. These businesses should have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing your personal information to them.
Why we collect personal informationMain purposes
The main purposes for which we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information are:
processing transactions, at our bridal exhibitions and online
promoting ABS and its associated businesses and its products and services, including through direct marketing, events and competitions, public relations and social media
helping us tailor existing or develop new products, services or offers, and to help us selectively target promotional offers and opportunities
developing or seeking to deliver new ranges of products or services
protecting the security of our bridal exhibitions, staff, customers, suppliers and exhibitors
answering queries, resolving complaints and responding to social media
recruiting staff and contractors
general planning and administration
We may also collect, hold, use and disclose personal information for other purposes explained at the time of collection or which are required or authorised by or under law, and for which you have provided consent.
3.1 Direct marketing and opting out
By providing your address, email address and telephone numbers to ABS, you consent to ABS contacting you for the purposes set out above. We may send this information in a variety of ways, including by mail, email, social media, SMS, MMS, telephone. You can opt out of being contacted by:
contacting our Head Office by email at enquiries@australianbridalervice.com.au by speaking to our Head Office on (03) 9372 3022 or by writing to our Head Office, Australian Bridal Service, 21 Shields Street, Flemington VIC 3031
advising us if you receive a marketing call that you no longer wish to receive these calls; or
using the unsubscribe facility that we include in our electronic messages (eg email) to opt out of receiving those messages.
3.2 Email and mobile communication
If you provide us with an email address or phone number, you consent to electronic communication such as notices or reminders being sent to you via that address or number. You may prefer to provide to us with your personal email address or phone number rather than, for example, an email address accessible by your work colleagues.
Who we may share your personal information with
We may share your personal information with third parties where appropriate for the purposes set out above, including:
financial institutions for payment processing
referees whose details are provided to us by job applicants
regulatory, investigative or government bodies to comply with laws
We may ask one of these third parties to contact you directly for a specific purpose, and provide us with information collected from you in the course of providing the relevant products or services.
Data quality and security
. General
We hold personal information in a number of ways, including in printed documents, electronic databases and email contact lists. Printed documents may be held at ABS’s Head Office at 21 Shields St, Flemington VIC 3031.
We take reasonable steps to:
ensure that the personal information that we collect, use and disclose is accurate, up to date and complete and (in the case of use and disclosure) relevant;
protect the personal information that we hold from misuse, interference and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure; and
destroy or permanently de-identify personal information that is no longer needed for purposes permitted by the APPs.
You can help us keep your information up to date, by letting us know about changes to your details.5.1 Security
We use industry standard security measures to safeguard and protect your information.  This includes taking reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is protected from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
5.2 Third party sites
Links to third party sites that are not operated or controlled by ABS are provided for your convenience. ABS is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of those sites, which are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Third party websites should have their own privacy and security policies, which we encourage you to read before supplying any personal information to them.
Access and correction
. General
Please contact our Head Office if you would like to access or correct the personal information that we hold about you. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing any access or correction requests, to make sure that the personal information we hold is properly protected.
6.1 Access
We will generally provide you with access to your personal information within 30 days, subject to some exceptions permitted by law. We will also generally provide access in the manner that you have requested (eg by providing photocopies or allowing a file to be viewed), provided it is reasonable and practicable for us to do so. We may however charge a fee to cover our reasonable costs of locating the information and providing it to you.
6.2 Correction
If you ask us to correct personal information that we hold about you, or if we are satisfied that the personal information we hold is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, we will take reasonable steps to correct that information to ensure that, having regard to the purpose for which it is held, the information is accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading. If we correct personal information about you, and we have previously disclosed that information to another agency or organisation that is subject to the Privacy Act, you may ask us to notify that other entity. If so, we will take reasonable steps to do so, unless this would be impracticable or unlawful.
Complaints or Questions
If you would like further information about how we manage your personal information, or if you have any queries relating to our Privacy Policy, or wish to lodge a complaint in relation to an alleged breach of the Privacy Act, please contact our Privacy Officer by:Mail:  Australian Bridal Service, Head Office, 21 Shields St, Flemington, VIC, 3031
Email: enquiries@australianbridalservice.com.au
Telephone: (03) 9372 3022
All complaints received by the ABS Head Office will be dealt with fairly and in a timely manner considering all the circumstances of the complaint. In most cases, we expect that complaints will be investigated and a response provided within 30 days of receipt of the complaint. If the matter is more complex and our investigation may take longer, we will contact you and tell you when we expect to provide our response.
Changes to this Policy
ABS may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. The current version will be posted on this website and a copy may be obtained by contacting our Head Office on (03) 9372 3022.
Login
/ Register
Home
About Us
Expos
What’s Hot
Directory
Accreditation
Videos
Real Weddings