http://www.ftc.gov/consumer-protection/privacy-and-security
Skip navigation
You are hereHome » Tag: Privacy and Security
Tag: Privacy and Security
Displaying 1 - 20 of 2207 results.
Pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »
12 Days of Consumer Protection
If you haven’t been following The 12 Days of Consumer Protection on the FTC’s Consumer Blog, you’re in for a treat. The puns are terrific, the visuals are sharable on social media, and the holiday-themed tips are a thoughtful way to let far-flung friends and family know you’re...
FTC’s AppFolio case: The Fair Credit Reporting Act does more than just abide
Cult classic The Big Lebowski proves that mistaken identity can be entertaining on film. But for people looking to rent a house or apartment, it wasn’t so entertaining when tenant background reports about them provided by California company AppFolio included someone else’s convictions...
Tenant Background Report Provider Settles FTC Allegations that it Failed to Follow Accuracy Requirements for Screening Reports
A California-based company that provides background reports to property management companies will pay $4.25 million as part of a settlement with the Federal Trade Commission over allegations the firm failed to follow reasonable procedures to ensure the accuracy of its reports about potential...
Dissenting Statement of Commissioner Rohit Chopra Regarding AppFolio
AppFolio, Inc.
AppFolio will pay $4.25 million as part of a settlement with the FTC over allegations the firm failed to follow reasonable procedures to ensure the accuracy of its reports about potential tenants.
Concurring Statement of Commissioner Rebecca Kelly Slaughter In the Matter of AppFolio, Inc.
FTC Finalizes Settlement with Data Center Company over Allegations it Deceived Consumers about its Participation in the EU Privacy Shield
The Federal Trade Commission finalized a settlement with a data storage services company that allegedly deceived consumers about its participation in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield (Privacy Shield) framework.
Setting the debt parking brake
What are the biggest risks of parking? A dinged door? A bruised bumper? For consumers victimized by the pernicious practice of debt parking, the impact on their financial health can be devastating. And if you’re a debt collector who engages in debt parking, an FTC settlement with...
Zoom Video Communications, Inc.; Analysis To Aid Public Comment
Como parte de un acuerdo, la FTC le exige a Zoom que mejore sus prácticas de seguridad
Hoy, la Comisión Federal de Comercio (FTC, por su sigla en inglés) anunció un acuerdo resolutorio con Zoom Video Communications, Inc. que establece que la compañía deberá implementar un robusto programa de seguridad de la información para resolver las alegaciones que implican que el proveedor de...
Zooming in on Zoom’s unfair and deceptive security practices: More about the FTC settlement
This time last year, “zoom” was just a word related to speed. But the pandemic has made video conferencing platform Zoom a daily fixture for business people conferring about trade secrets, doctors and mental health professionals discussing sensitive patient information, kids keeping...
Majority Statement of Chairman Joseph J. Simons, Commissioner Noah Joshua Phillips, and Commissioner Christine S. Wilson In the Matter of Zoom Video Communications, Inc.
Dissenting Statement of Commissioner Rebecca Kelly Slaughter In the Matter of Zoom Video Communications, Inc.
Dissenting Statement of Commissioner Rohit Chopra Regarding Zoom Video Communications, Inc.
Zoom Video Communications, Inc., In the Matter of
Zoom Video Communications, Inc. will be required to implement a robust information security program to settle FTC allegations that the video conferencing provider engaged in a series of deceptive and unfair practices that undermined the security of its users.
FTC Requires Zoom to Enhance its Security Practices as Part of Settlement
Note: The FTC will host a conference call TODAY for media at Noon ET. Participants will include Director of the FTC’s Bureau of Consumer Protection Andrew Smith and Maneesha Mithal, Associate Director of the FTC’s Division of Privacy and Identity Protection.The Call-in number is 844-291-6360 and...
Agency Information Collection Activities; Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request (Privacy Rule)
50 years of the FCRA
1970 saw the ban of cigarette advertising on TV, the debut of Doonesbury, the inaugural flight of the Boeing 747, and the start of the New York City Marathon. Another notable 1970 first celebrating its 50th anniversary this week: the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the nation’s first...
Reporting fraud helps everyone – including small businesses – and now it’s easier to do
Whether it’s a bogus message claiming your trademarks are about to expire unless you transfer money immediately or threats to ruin your credit if you don’t pay for unordered office supplies, scammers have small businesses in their sights. You can help the FTC and its partners fight...
The FTC Chairman is not writing to you
If you saw an email from FTC Chairman Joseph Simons, it wasn’t. From him, that is. Scammers pretending to be him are emailing, though. They’re trying to trick you into turning over personal information, like your birth date and home address, which could help them scam you. So: if you...
Pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »
Filter by content type:
Advisory Opinion (1)
Advisory Opinion Subpage (5)
Advocacy Filing (10)
Amicus Brief (1)
Blog Post (517)
Case (273)
Closing Letter (45)
Public Event (139)
Federal Register Notice (72)
Public Comment Initiative (7)
One Stop - Tag-based (1)
Basic Page (6)
Plain Language Guidance (45)
Press Release (609)
Public Statement (332)
Report (73)
Rule Summary (17)
Statute (6)
Video (93)
Utility menuContact
Stay Connected
Privacy Policy
FTC en español
About the FTC
What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC
Office of EEO and Workplace Inclusion
News & Events
Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests
Enforcement
Cases and Proceedings
Data and Visualizations
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Guidance Documents
Warning Letters
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit
Policy
Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Public Comments
Studies
Testimony
Policy Statements
International
Hearings on Competition & Consumer Protection
Tips & Advice
For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance
I Would Like To...
Report Fraud to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government
Information Quality
Small Business Non-Retaliation Policy
Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580Contact Us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInStay Connected
Stay Connected with the FTC