http://www.wiesenthal.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
A privacy policy has been created by the Simon Wiesenthal Center to explain why we collect certain information and how your personal privacy will be protected within our website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Simon Wiesenthal Center’s website, www.wiesenthal.com
In order to fully understand your rights, please read our privacy policy as well as our terms of use. The Simon Wiesenthal Center reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this privacy policy simply by posting such changes on our website. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Under no circumstances do we sell names or email addresses from our database created by responding to this website nor do we store credit card information to the website. We want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, and therefore our privacy policy notifies you of:
1. what personally identifiable information of yours is collected through our website
2. who collects such information
3. how such information is used
4. with whom your information may be shared
5. what choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information
6. what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control
7. how you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
8. contact the Simon Wiesenthal Center if you do not want your information shared with others.
Questions should be directed to the Simon Wiesenthal Center by sending an e-mail to information@wiesenthal.com.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information: Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, e-mail address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address: We collect an IP address from all visitors to our website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of "Cookies": Our website may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes searching on the Internet easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our website will not function properly when you view them.
Security: All information provided to the Simon Wiesenthal Center is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by a certain qualified employees both the Simon Wiesenthal Center and its technology vendors. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Contacting the Web Site: If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of our website, or your dealings with this website, please send an email to information@wiesenthal.com or call 1-800-900-9036. Also, please send an email to information@wiesenthal.com or call 1-800-900-9036 in order to request what personal information we have on file about you and to request corrections if necessary.
In This Section
Regional Offices
Los Angeles
New York
Midwest US
Southern US
Toronto
Jerusalem
Paris
Buenos Aires
nonprofit software