http://www.senior.org/privacy-policy
HomeAbout TSCJoin/DonateContact TSCMember Benefits
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. In order to make our website more useful to you and in furtherance of our mission we gather information from you. We maintain the privacy of your information using security technologies and adhere to policies that prevent unauthorized use of your personal information. We collect information on which portions of our website visitors access or visit. We also collect information volunteered by visitors, such as petition information or email registrations. Any personal information we collect is used for internal review and is either discarded or used by us to contact supporters for purposes such as those described below. We keep confidential all personal information entered during registration.
When we do collect personally identifiable information, it is always voluntarily submitted by you The information collected is used to send our users email reminders and other information we think will be of interest to them. If, for any reason, you would like to be removed from our email list, you can unsubscribe by simply visiting using the opt-out feature included in all our email campaigns. We may also monitor and track information such as member usage patterns of our website. We compile this information into a statistical aggregate which we use, together with your personal information, for internal business and administrative purposes including improving our website, our operations and our constituent service.
As part of our commitment to ensuring the privacy of our users, we do not sell or exchange names or any other personally identifiable information about our online network members with outside organizations. We keep confidential any personal information entered during sign-up, though we may share aggregate information about website usage and traffic patterns, stripped of any personally identifiable information, to third parties for business or marketing purposes. We may also share limited personally identifiable information with third parties on a confidential basis to enable a third party to perform certain tasks, such as maintain an email list or send email alerts and/or newsletters, on our behalf.
This website provides links to several other third party websites. While we make efforts to choose our links carefully, we cannot take any responsibility for the content of linked websites, or for the privacy policies of websites we link to. Since we do not control these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these third party websites prior to any use.
© 2009-2020 THE SENIORS COALITION, INC. · 1250 Connecticut Ave NW Suite 700, Washington, DC  20036-2643
(202) 261-3594  This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
The Seniors Coaliltion is not affiliated with any government agency.  Contributions are not tax-deductible for income tax purposes.
Privacy Policy  TSC Staff Login