http://www.fca.org/aboutus/privacy-policy
!Please Note! You are using an outdated browser that may impact your experience on FCA.org.
Please upgrade to the latest version of Internet Explorer here or download another browser like Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome.
Once you upgrade, this notice will no longer appear.
Quick Links
Find Local Staff Local Staff Websites Ministry Leader Applications (MLA) The FOUR - Gospel Presentation 3D Coaching Employment Opportunities myFCA Account Management FCAvirtual.org FCAResources.com FCAGear.com FCACamps.org Daily Impact Play and Other eNewsletters Ministry Certification Requests
Submit a Story Logos & Photos
Student Rights
pad.
HOME
WHAT IS FCA?
GET INVOLVED
FCA IN ACTION
RESOURCES
INTERNATIONAL
ABOUT
WHO WE ARE
Vision & Mission
History
Founder Don McClanen
Timeline
Executive Team
Board of Trustees
Ministry Report
Financials
Contact Us
AWARDS
Hall of Champions
FCA Award Winners
NEWSROOM
Press Kit
Photos, Logos & Videos
Media Opt-In
Contact Us
JOB OPPORTUNITIES
Learn more about joining TeamFCA
SHOP
DONATE
WAYS TO GIVE
One-Time Gift
Mail A Check
Automatic Monthly Gift
Stock Gift
Vehicle Donation
Planned Giving
Tom Landry Associates
STEER Program
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
myFCA
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Financials (990, Audits, etc)
Annual Report
Donor Privacy Policy
QUICK LINKS
Find Local Staff
Local Staff Websites
Ministry Leader Applications (MLA)
The FOUR - Gospel Presentation
3D Coaching
Employment Opportunities
myFCA Account Management
FCAResources.com
FCAGear.com
FCACamps.org
Daily Impact Play and Other eNewsletters
Ministry Certification Requests
Submit a Story
Logos & Photos
Student Rights
Home> About> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our policy and terms of use are applicable in any and all Fellowship of Christian Athletes (FCA) related websites or mobile applications including but not limited to FCA.org, FieldsofFaith.com, FCAResources.com, OW2P.org and FCACamps.org. You may also view our privacy policy specifically for our donors.
As one of our core values is Integrity, we are committed to protecting and properly handling your private and personal information.
The definition of “personal information” will differ depending upon applicable law. In Europe it will include all information that directly or indirectly relates to you and includes “personal data” as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Where GDPR or other EU privacy laws apply to you, this Privacy Statement details how you can exercise your rights.
We will notify you (by email or notice on this site) about changes in the way we treat your personal information and how those changes are likely to impact you.
How We Use Your Personal information
We will generally only collect and use your personal information when it is necessary to achieve our legitimate interests of our vision – “To see the world transformed by Jesus Christ through the influence of coaches and athletes.” We may also use your personal information when it is needed to provide you with goods or services, the opportunity for ministry engagement, to process donations or to comply with our legal obligations.
How We Collect Personal Information
We obtain personal information about you via:
Direct Personal Engagement: when you enquire about our activities, engage in an activity with us, make a donation, register through one of our sites or at an event, or otherwise give us your personal information.
Cookies: when you interact with our websites we may use cookies and similar technologies to track activities (for more information, see “Cookies and Visitor Data” below).
Third parties: we may from time to time obtain personal information about you from third parties [and public sources] (e.g. US Census Data, Wealth, Philanthropic Giving, etc.). We will only collect personal information from third parties if they have obtained that information in a legal and proper way.
Referral of information by individuals: Your name and contact details may have been given to us by someone you know, who indicated that you might be interested in hearing about our ministry.
Types of Personal Information We Collect
We collect the following types of personal information:
Application data: including employment history, qualifications, faith involvement, background check data and references, if applicable
Contact details: including email address, postal address, email, telephone number and social media handles
Demographics: including information that allows us to better understand who you are and the areas of our ministry you are most interested
Financial data: including bank account and credit card details when needed
Financial transaction data: including details about payments and donations from you and details of products and services you have purchased from us and activities you have participated in
Historical transaction data: including communication history, your past donations, purchases, applications and interactions with us
Identity data including: name, date of birth, gender, marital status
Information about beliefs: including religious information
Location data that is information about your physical location: including IP address, and lat/long coordinates and country of origin (where applicable)
Preferences: including communication preferences and your interests
Security credentials:  including username and password
Tax status
Travel information: including your travel details, those accompanying you and other travel preferences
How and When We Disclose Personal Information
FCA never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information with other organizations. However, we may need to use or share your information with our partners and agents who provide goods and services to you on our behalf.
Your information may be disclosed:
to other parts of our Organization
to public or regulatory authorities
to third party service providers, including:
digital marketing service providers (e.g. email marketing and social media platforms)
companies that assist us in processing event registrations
companies that assist us in processing your donations
companies that process the fulfillment of physical or digital goods and services
Your Rights
The following rights under the GDPR are available to you if you are located in the EEA. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please email supportservices@fca.org. We will respond to your request within 30 days of accepting it. Before accepting your request we may need to ask for some identity documentation from you.
Editing and updating personal information
At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by creating an account and signing in to your account at https://my.fca.org.
If you do not have the option to edit personal information yourself or you wish to update your personal information, you can request we update it for you by contacting us at supportservices@fca.org.
Accessing personal information
To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided through your account you may send us a request at supportservices@fca.org. After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you.
Deletion of personal information
At your request, we will delete your personal information if:
it’s no longer necessary to retain your personal information
you withdraw the consent which formed the basis of your personal information processing
you have successfully objected to the processing of your personal information (see below)
your personal information was processed unlawfully or
we are required to delete your personal information to comply with our legal obligations.
We will review requests on a case by case basis and we might not be able to comply with your request if we need to process your personal information:
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information
to comply with our legal obligations
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or
to perform a task in the public interest.
If this is the case, we will notify you of the reasons why your request was rejected.
Restriction of processing of personal information
You have the right to request us to limit the processing of your personal information if:
you dispute the accuracy of your personal information
your personal information was processed unlawfully and you request a limitation on processing, rather than a deletion of your personal information
we no longer need to process your personal information, but you need your personal information in connection with a legal claim or
you object to the processing of your personal information based on our legitimate interests pending verification as to whether we have an overriding legitimate ground for such processing.
To the extent needed, we may still keep some of your data to ensure we comply with your request to limit processing, or for other legal purposes.
Withdrawing consent
We primarily rely on legitimate business interests to process your data, but to the extent we use consent to process your data, you have the right to withdraw any consent you may have given us at any time. We will comply with your request promptly.
If you withdraw your consent, we might not be able to provide some of our products and services to you. At any point, you have the right to object to processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes and we will promptly comply with your request.
You can always unsubscribe from our email communications at any time by following the unsubscribe link in our email communications.
Security
FCA is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
FCA uses Internet Encryption Software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Any information you enter is encrypted at your browser, sent over the public Internet in encrypted form, and then de-encrypted at our server.
Cookies & Visitor Data
FCA.org and related FCA managed properties use Google Analytics in addition to Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reports to collect information about use of the websites. These tools do not reveal to us your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of these tools with personally identifiable information.
FCA uses the information they receive from these tools only to improve our websites, the type of content displayed to visitors and better understand those interested in the organization. We may share this information with third party consultants who help us analyze the information and improve the site.
Google will add a small cookie to your web browser. A cookie is a small text file placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and web browsing activities. The cookie will identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our sites. The cookie cannot be used by anyone else. Our sites use tools for remarketing to advertise online, including Google Adwords and Facebook Custom Audiences, which permits third-party vendors, to show more relevant ministry messaging on sites across the internet. These third-party vendors, use cookies or pixels to serve messaging based on someone’s past visits to our sites or prior engagement with us.
The providers of these tools are limited in their ability to use and share information they collect by their terms and privacy policies.
See http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
You can prevent these tools from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser and by using the Google Analytics’ Opt-out Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ .
Google Analytics may collect some information even with cookies disabled. You can also opt out of Google’s interest-based ad serving by visiting Google’s Ads Settings at http://www.google.com/settings/ads/.
You can prevent Facebook from including you in Facebook Custom Audiences by adjusting your settings at https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We keep your information as long as it is needed to achieve our purposes listed above, as well as for the amount of time necessary to meet any legal, tax, or reporting requirements.
Children’s Online Privacy
We are concerned about the privacy of children under age 13 (“Children” or “Child”), and we have adopted policies to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.  To the extent that any personal information is collected from Children, information will be collected by means of web-based technology allowing FCA leaders and minor participants to communicate with each other and with other minor participants by means of video and audio communications and technology (the “Technology”).  No third party operators will collect such information.
Children who use the Technology may choose to share their names, personal interests, Christian spiritual insights, and information about their athletic pursuits and accomplishments.  Children will provide all personal information verbally by using the Technology.  The information will be used to conduct virtual events conducted by FCA, which events involve communication among participants and FCA employees and agents.  None of the information collected will be disclosed to third parties outside of the individuals who are participating in the programs using the Technology.
FCA will not require Children to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary for participation using the Technology.  Parents always are welcome to participate in activities using the Technology along with their Child.  In addition, to the extent that any Child’s personal information is stored by FCA, parents may view such information, direct FCA to delete such information, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the Child’s information.  Parents may contact FCA using the information contained in the Contacting FCA portion of this policy.
Statement of Use
All of the content, images, logos and photos appearing on this website are copyrighted and are the property of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes. Other images, brands or logos are copyright of their respective owners. Information and images found on the site cannot be reproduced either in print or electronically without express written permission from the Fellowship of Christian Athletes.
The FCA Web Site may contain links to third party web sites such as FCA’s corporate sponsors. These third party web sites are not controlled by FCA. The links to these web sites are provided for convenience. FCA is not responsible and assumes no liability for the contents of any of these web sites, and unless expressly stated does not endorse these web sites or their contents, products, or services. FCA is not responsible for the content of any sponsor’s Web page linked to the FCA web site, and the opinions and views expressed on the sponsor’s Web pages do not necessarily reflect those of FCA. The contents of the sponsor Web pages are not reviewed in any way before they are linked to the FCA web page.
Account policy
FCA reserves the right to de-activate or remove any user accounts provided by FCA without a notice if user has provided wrong information, has violated common Internet policies or if the account has been inactive for more than 60 days.
Contacting FCA
If you have comments or questions about any of our policies or our website, please contact us at 1-800-289-0909 during office hours (8am – 5pm CST) or email us at supportservices@fca.org
Our mailing address is:
Fellowship of Christian Athletes
8701 Leeds Rd
Kansas City, MO 64129
Policy Updated
May 25, 2018
LATEST FCA STORIES
Committed in 2020
The top-five most read articles on FCA.org in 2020.
READ THIS STORY
One Million Completions
FCA celebrates its partnership with YouVersion and over one million Bible reading plan completions.
READ THIS STORY
Fellowship of Christian Athletes Reaching Out to Players, Coaches as COVID-19 May Interfere with Fall Sports
READ THIS STORY
Marquette's Markus Howard is Making Disciples and Buckets
READ THIS STORY