https://www.stpetelawgroup.com/terms-of-use/
Toggle navigation
CALL (727) 381-2300
Firm Overview
Practice Areas
Overview
Divider
Business and Corporate
TRANSACTIONS
Business Formation Attorney
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS
Maintaining the Business Entity
Registered Agent Services
Buying and Selling a Business
INVESTING IN A
BUSINESS
Litigation
Criminal Law
Estate Planning
Foreclosure Defense
Insurance Dispute
Labor & Employment
Litigation Lawyers
Personal Injury
Property Damage
Real Estate
Will, Trust & Probate
Attorneys
HOWARD ROSS B.C.S.
AUBREY DICUS JR.
SEAN McQUAID
CAITLIN SZEMATOWICZ
RACHEL DRUDE-TOMORI
Andrew Pardun
JONATHON DOUGLAS
News / Blog
Firm News
Divider
Blog
Divider
Business & Corporate Law
Criminal Defense
Estate Planning Law
Insurance Dispute
Labor & Employment
Litigation
Personal Injury Law
Real Estate Law
Wills, Trusts & Probate
Our Office
Contact Us
BATTAGLIA, ROSS, DICUS & McQUAID, P.A. TERMS OF USE, CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 4/23/2020
Battaglia, Ross, Dicus & McQuaid, P.A. respects the privacy and protection of personal information of our clients and visitors (collectively referred to as “clients”). All websites authorized by Battaglia, Ross, Dicus & McQuaid, P.A., including this site, are considered Battaglia, Ross, Dicus & McQuaid, P.A. websites. The information we collect and how we use it is for the purpose to better serve our clients. By choosing to visit any Battaglia, Ross, Dicus & McQuaid, P.A. website, you have accepted our terms of use.
INFORMATION HELPS IMPROVE YOUR BROWSING EXPERIENCE
Without the information we gather from our clients, we would not be able to reply to client inquiries and comments or allow clients to make payments online. Browsing on our website continues to improve as we get feedback from our clients. Gaining information such as the client’s name, email address and billing information (when necessary) allows us to effectively identify and contact our clients.
Client information also allows us to improve the navigation, content, and overall experience of browsing. Knowing the popularity of various areas of our website helps us determine how to organize links and make finding your way around less difficult. We improve how our products are displayed, the descriptions of our products, and the additional content on the pages too. As a result, browsing our website becomes much more enjoyable as we develop our pages to fit the preferences of our clients.
In certain situations we may have to share a portion of your information with an outside agency for processing secure payments, sending communications, conducting research, etc. Our law firm would not be able to operate normally without these agencies. These agencies only use the pertinent information that is necessary to carry out tasks that we request and are bound by contract not to disclose any of your personal information.
COLLECTING THE INFORMATION
Data that is collected automatically often comes from cookies or similar sources. Cookies are small packets of data that are stored on your computer and are commonly used by many websites. Cookies allow us to improve your experience online, evaluate the effectiveness of our website, and recognize when you return to our website. Since cookies may be turned on or off, you may toggle your browser settings on your computer at any time. Conversely if you block cookies, many pages and functions of our site may not work properly.
Other data we obtain is from voluntary information. Our clients knowingly give information for certain functions and uses of our website. We may ask clients to provide information for things such making secure payments, receiving beneficial emails, participating in surveys, and entering contests. The client always provides this type of information to us at his discretion.
Common things that we may inquire about our clients are name, email address, phone number, and home address. We may also ask for other information to help us better understand the preferences of our clients. This information gives us the ability to configure our website to maximize navigation and communication of information. Our live chat operators are also available for answering questions and taking comments to fulfill your legal needs.
Battaglia, Ross, Dicus & McQuaid, P.A.’s main intention for using this information is to constantly increase the quality of our website for our clients.
DISCLOSURE
As often as possible, we want to protect the identities and personal information of our clients. In rare cases, the law may require us to disclose information about a client for various reasons. If this occurs, we will release only the information required by authorized individuals in such legal settings.
MERCHANTE-SOLUTIONS.COM SECURE PAYMENT GATEWAY
The secure payment gateway for Battaglia, Ross, Dicus & McQuaid, P.A. is hosted by merchante-solutions.com to provide a reliable, secure virtual location to process online payments.
Credit card, invoice and personal data is encrypted and secure. merchante-solutions.com is currently and will continue to be compliant with industry requirements such as the PCI Data Security Standard, an information security standard for organizations that handle credit card and debit card information. Defined by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council, the standard was created to increase controls around credit card data to reduce credit card fraud.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
All changes made to our terms of use are considered effective the time they are posted. By using our website, you have consented to our terms of use. We recommend that our clients review our terms on occasion for updates and alterations. The terms of use may change periodically though we will never knowingly make modifications to compromise the security of your personal information.
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Privacy Notice indicates when this Privacy Notice was last revised. Any changes are effective when we post the revised Privacy Notice on our Site.
Office Location Battaglia, Ross, Dicus & McQuaid, P.A.
5858 Central Avenue
St. Petersburg, FL 33707
Phone: (727) 381-2300
Fax: (727) 343-4059