https://www.prisonerseducation.org.uk/privacy-policy-cookies/
Toggle Navigation
Get support
Prison staff
Our courses
People leaving prison
Continue with education
Current opportunities
Join the alumni network
Family and friends
Get involved
Donate
Leave a legacy
Looking after our supporters
Fundraise
Challenge events
Organise your own event
Join our networks
Volunteer
Vacancies
Events
Join the conversation
What we do
Distance learning in prisons
Work with our learners
Policy
Prisoner Learning Alliance
Prison education today
Active citizenship in prisons
Work with universities and colleges
Prison-University partnerships network
Partnerships Directory
PLAN network
News and views
e-News
Stories
Share your story
Publications
About us
Mission, vision, values
Our history
Who we are
Our staff
Our trustees
Ambassadors and Patrons
Media centre
Annual report and accounts
Policies
Contact us
Login area
Search for:
Donate
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Home > Privacy Policy & Cookies
Donate
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Sitemap
Terms and conditions
Accessibility
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
How do we collect information?
We will collect and use personal information from you when you use electronic forms on our website to enquire about our activities, register with us, sign up to e-news or otherwise provide us with personal information.
If you are registering to be a user on the PET website, your information will be stored on our website server to support your online profile as you use our site. The server is GDPR compliant and all information is encrypted.
Information submitted through all other forms will be stored temporarily on the website server, but will be downloaded on a fortnightly basis to PET servers (hosted by our IT support company, Office Tech Hub), and removed from website servers.
What information do we collect?
The types of information collected will depend on which website form you are using. It might include your name, date of birth, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, place of work, mobile number and past experience of the criminal justice system.
IP data is also collected anonymously using a cookie on the website.
How do we use this information?
We will use your personal information to provide you with the information, products or services you have requested and you will be provided a copy of and/or given access to any additional relevant privacy notice as needed (for example our volunteer privacy notice if you have opted to become a PET volunteer). IP data informs Google Analytics which PET and our website support company (Ave Design) use to monitor user behaviour to improve the experience of those who visit our website.
Will we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We will never disclose the information you give to us to outside parties unless circumstances mean that we are required to do so by law.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the use of your data on our website, please email the Chief Executive, Rod Clark, rod@prisonerseducation.org.uk.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are not processing your personal data in accordance with the law and have a complaint that you believe has not been adequately dealt with by our complaints procedure, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office https://ico.org.uk/
About us
Our History
Get involved
Volunteer
What we do
Stories
Join our mailing list
Email
© Prisoners' Education Trust 2020
whois: Andy White Freelance WordPress Developer London