https://www.themiracleofstjoseph.org/privacy/
Home
About
The Miracle of Saint Joseph
True Mysticism
The City of God
Contact
Donate
Revelations
Revelations Search
About the Revelations
Teachings
Revelation of the Day
View Revelations by Email
Order Books
Prayer
Importance of Prayer
When to Pray
How To Pray
The Holy Rosary
Importance of The Holy Rosary
Prayers from Revelations
Prayers to Say Daily
Prayers for Mealtime
Morning Prayers
Night Prayers
Prayers for Little Ones
Prayers Asking for Help
Prayers of Thanksgiving
Prayers for Holy Communion
Prayers at the End of the Physical Life
Ten Commandments
Positively The Way
Ten Commandments and
Seven Heresies
God Speaks to Moses
Privacy Policy
The City of God, Saint Joseph’s Hill of Hope maintains the highest level of respect for the privacy of its donors. The following is our donor privacy policy, which guides our volunteers and members on how they may and may not use your personal information while honoring your rights as a contributor. The City of God, Saint Joseph’s Hill of Hope collects and uses personal information from donors that includes: name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and donor comments when a donor voluntarily provides it to us. In addition, The City of God, Saint Joseph’s Hill of Hope keeps a record of each donor’s giving history. This information is kept on file for IRS purposes and is also used in our development process to analyze overall giving patterns in order to make accurate budget projections. The City of God, Saint Joseph’s Hill of Hope does not sell, trade, rent or share names, addresses, telephone numbers, or e-mail addresses of our donors. The City of God, Saint Joseph’s Hill of Hope will use contact information (email, telephone number and address) of donors for these purposes only:
Distribute receipts for donations
Thank donors for their donation
Inform donors about news, upcoming fundraising events and other activities of The City of God, Saint Joseph’s Hill of Hope
Internal analysis and record keeping
Reporting to relevant U.S. and State agencies (these reports are not for public inspection)
Contact donors about changes to this policy
If you have questions about this Donor Privacy Policy or if you wish to be removed from our e-mail/postal contact lists, then please contact us using this form or contact:
The City of God
PO Box 1055
Brea, CA 92822
714-123-4545 (fax)
This version of the Donor Privacy Policy became effective on October 21, 2013.
© Copyright 2020
City of God, Saint Joseph’s Hill of Hope
All Rights Reserved. Copyrights and Trademarks
Advanced Search
X
Copyrights and Trademarks
All Revelations were delivered spontaneously and continuously as witnessed by all those present at the time.
All Revelations and Revelation Excerpts are published in Stories From Heaven®.
© Copyright 1996-2020 City of God, Saint Joseph’s Hill of Hope
All Rights Reserved.
Stories From Heaven® is a registered trademark of City of God, Saint Joseph’s Hill of Hope, Inc.
Religious images throughout © Copyright Fratelli Bonella S.r.l.
All other trademarks are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
THIS WEBSITE USES COOKIESThis website uses cookies to provide necessary site functionality and improve your online experience. By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies as outlined in The Miracle of Saint Joseph Privacy PolicyACCEPT