http://www.latcom.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
LATCOM respects the privacy of our donors, supporters, and ministry partners. We collect personal data such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, and email addresses when these types of contact information are voluntarily given to us. We do not share, sell, or trade your personal data to other organizations or individuals. We use your personal data only for its intended business purpose, such as internal record-keeping, promotional and fund-raising uses, and reports to federal and state agencies.
Only those whose responsibilities include examining and processing financial information are permitted to see it. Online donations are handled through PayPal, which offers secure, encrypted, and authenticated payment processing services.
Photos From the Mission Field
Tim's Slides0091
Jean writing check
Jean 4
Jean & Ayore baby
display
CHUCK, OJI, CHI_OI
Chuck n Jean 7-4-1953
098
073
065
061
059-1
035
034
025a
023a
022a
018
017
016a
016
013a
007a
Recent Posts
Living Out Values in the Lomerio
KEEP CALM AND LIVE OUT YOUR VALUES
Mistakes
The “Yapa”
Unto the Hills
TestimonialsLATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America"It is certain that the students come to Monte Blanco to have a good time and they do, but they also have an unforgettable experience as they come to know the Lord as their Savior. The positive change in them is so evident both at school and at home that the parents come to school to ask us what has happened at camp, because their child has improved so much."Angélica Hurtado, Belén School Director, El Torno10/03/2016
LATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America"It is certain that the students come to Monte Blanco to have a good time and they do, but they also have an unforgettable experience as they come to know the Lord as their Savior. The positive change in them is so evident both at school and at home that the parents come to school to ask us what has happened at camp, because their child has improved so much."Angélica Hurtado, Belén School Director, El Torno10/03/2016LATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America"[Thanks to the REDES Project] The community views the church as a real thing, not just four walls, and so we’re reaching people."- Erwin García, REDES church leader in Púquio, BoliviaLATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America"[After making the decision to follow Christ while at Monte Blanco as a young teenager] My grades got better. I behaved better. I had better self-control. I made better friendships. I learned how to share the Word more with my friends. I learned to stop saying phrases or words. I learned to set those aside, and thanks to God, my friends understood. And they saw an example, and thanks to God, today I am a leader in my church and have a lot of friends who are walking with me."- Cesar Carro, former camper now volunteer staff at Monte Blanco CampLATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America"There has been an impact in the community and also outside the community. There were non-Christians who didn’t respect believers for their decision. Before, there was an activity in the church and they didn’t take part. Now that is changing. We aren’t only involving the women in the church, but all of them – both Christians and non-Christians. All over the Lomerío they’re becoming involved in the REDES project and in the women’s committee."- Dina Rivera, member of the Women's REDES CommitteeLATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America“We’re able to be the light of God in what we are doing [through REDES].”- Juan Chuviru, REDES CommitteeLATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America[when asked to describe a Spirit-filled moment during the mission trip] "It was more the trip itself. It may have had something to do with reading the book "Serving with Eyes Wide Open." I saw how the Holy Spirit, after all these years of intervention by LATCOM and Christ-minded people, has been embedded into Chiquitano culture. Seeing the willingness of the village leaders to reach out to surrounding towns was great. There was a night where the Púquio church organized an outreach concert event at Fátima—although I am not sure how many people accepted Christ on that day, it opened my eyes to how certain areas in the world really have no way of hearing the Good News. At the same time, it was reassuring to see the Púquio church find its mission field."
- Michael Lok, 2014 Short-Term Mission Trip memberLATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America"The most meaningful part [of the trip] was being surrounded by other followers of Christ from all ages. I was able to see how they live their life and walk with the Lord. I encountered people who have very little but have faith larger than anyone I have ever met. I also met people who in some of the toughest times, they remained faithful to God and never complained. People like this are all over the world, but being surrounded by a small group of them really changed my perspective on how I want to live my life."- Anna Hantack, 2014 Short-Term Mission Team memberLATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America[when asked about the ways in which she grew during the mission trip] "I have come home and noticed a big difference in the way I live my life. The simple things like being wasteful and valuing worldly things have been a big change in my life. More importantly, I have noticed my heart has softened to the Lord and I have formed a stronger relationship than I have ever had with Him. I have become strongly dependent on Him and realize that I cannot do things alone and it is much more of a comfort to know He walks with me daily."
- Anna Hantack, 2014 Short-Term Mission Team memberLATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America"There is a lot that is different than before, because before REDES there wasn’t anything. Now we are more united in the church and among the women. Also there are women who aren’t from the church and they are working with us. We are able to share the Word of God with them.” - Martina Chore Parapaino, REDES Women's Committee memberLATCOM Mission | Ministries Serving Bolivia & Latin America"I traveled to Bolivia in August 2013 to see LATCOM's ministry efforts firsthand. Witnessing how God is at work through Monte Blanco and the REDES Project...there are no words to describe it. These are Spirit-filled people who are making disciples and taking great strides for Christ. My trip was a turning point in my life and in my faith journey."- Christine Spicuzza, former LATCOM staff member