http://www.world-psi.org/en/psi-data-privacy-policy
We've moved to a new site!
Join us at publicservices.international - for all the latest news, resources and struggles from around the world.
We are no longer updating world-psi.org and it will be progressively phased out: all content will be migrated to the new site and old links will redirect eventually.
Skip to main content
PSI Data Privacy Policy
Public Services International (PSI) complies with European Union privacy legislation and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) law.
“Users” or “You” corresponds to PSI employees, representatives of PSI affiliates, other organisations and companies with which PSI shares information.
In order to provide services to Users, including during activities it organises, we may need to collect and process personally identifiable information.
This page is intended to inform Users of PSI services about our policies with regard to the collection, use and sharing of personal data.
Wherever an official PSI document, service or resource makes reference to the “PSI Data Privacy Policy”, it refers to this document.
How and what personal data does PSI collect?
PSI only collects personal data provided by You or the organisation you represent in order to carry out a service which you or the organisation you represent have requested. Data is collected via electronic, paper or other forms with your consent and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Certain website services and applications, including third party tools which PSI uses to process and share information, may collect additional data for the purposes of improving the service:
Log data: Whenever you visit a website or use an application, information such as your IP address, device name, operating system version, date and time and other statistics may be collected;
Cookies: These are files with a small amount of data and commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. They are sent to your browser from websites that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory. Any services using cookies will give you the option to accept or refuse them. Note that if you choose to refuse cookies, some services may not operate fully.
Why does PSI process personal data?
PSI may collect personal data about You:
If it is needed to provide a service You have requested - for example, using your address to send a publication or documents for a meeting.
If we are legally obliged to process the data - for example, in relation to projects;
If it is necessary for a legitimate purpose or in the public interest.
If You subscribe to one or more newsletters or topic updates, we will only use your details to send you this information. Every mailout also gives you the opportunity to unsubscribe.
Finally, when You participate in a PSI activity, exchanges made during that activity may be subject to audio and/or video recordings for purposes of communication, documenting and verification of proceedings transcripts, as well as for archiving and for historical purposes, which you are informed of when you register. Access to the entirety of these recordings is limited to persons who are authorised to know their content and for a limited period of time, in accordance with this data protection policy.
How and when does PSI handle personal data?
Personal data is only collected and processed if You or your organisation have requested a service or to respond to PSI’s legitimate interests. When processing your data responds to PSI’s legitimate interests, we will always ensure that it is in proportion with the protection of your private life.
Appropriate technical and organisational measures are taken to ensure the security of all data processed.
Personally identifiable data will be used to provide the service(s) requested. This may include use with third-party service providers. All providers are bound by data protection rules and cannot use or communicate your data for any other purposes than to provide the service on behalf of PSI.
Sensitive personal data such as bank account numbers and ID or passports numbers are always treated as confidential and never made public. They are collected and processed only where strictly necessary and with your permission.
Data is never passed to third parties for commercial purposes.
What about children’s data?
PSI’s services do not address anyone under the age of 13 and PSI will not normally collect or process any data for children under this age. On occasions where a parent attending a PSI event asks to bring their child, the data required to facilitate their attendance may be processed. In all cases this will only be done with explicit permission of the parent.
How long does PSI keep personal data?
PSI will not keep data permitting identification any longer than necessary to provide the services requested or as long as a person remains an active member of the PSI community and has not requested that their information be removed. Names of past elected officials on PSI constitutional bodies may be kept for historical purposes.
PSI keeps audio/video recordings of its activities for a 10-year period from their creation. Those recordings are then archived for historic purposes, with limited access by authorised persons.
What can you do about your personal data?
In cases provided for by the law, You can consult, update, rectify or erase any personal data concerning you processed by PSI, and you may request that the processing be limited. You may exercise this right by sending a written request, accompanied by a copy of your ID to privacy@world-psi.org.
In cases provided for by the law, ou have the right to the portability of your personal data, and to request not to receive information or offers from PSI, either by writing to us at  privacy@world-psi.org or by following the unsubscribe process described in messages received from PSI.
If you consider that your data has been handled incorrectly, you can submit a complaint to the Privacy Commission: https://www.cnil.fr/en/home
Changes to this privacy policy:
Our data processing guidelines are reviewed periodically in accordance with legal requirements and internal procedures. This may result in changes to this privacy policy. Any changes will be posted on this page and take effect immediately.
If you have any further questions or concerns:
E-mail: privacy@world-psi.org
Legislation: https://www.eugdpr.org/
Also see
Workers mark 700 days on picket-line against tax-dodging Exxon Mobil & UGL/CIMIC
Fresenius: unions launch first-ever global care workers’ alliance
Universal Basic Income - A Union Perpsective - Extracted Summary
PSI Statement Following the Detention of Trade Unionists in Fiji Whilst ADB Watches On
RCEP - trade unions seek consultation by the government
The global online knowledge library and campaign builder — learn all you need to know about the privatisation of public goods and how to stop it once and for all!
Connect with us
vimeo
youtube
twitter
facebook
flickr