http://www.penningtons.co.uk/legal-notice
About us
Expertise
International
People
Careers
News & publications
Contact us
Home
» Legal notice
Legal notice
Information about us
www.penningtonslaw.com is a site operated by Penningtons Manches Cooper LLP ("we"). We are a limited liability partnership incorporated under the Limited Liability Partnership Act 2000 with registered number OC311575 and have our registered office at 125 Wood Street, London, EC2V 7AW. We also have offices in Basingstoke, Cambridge, Guildford, Oxford and Reading.
Penningtons Manches Cooper LLP and our solicitors are authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority and are subject to the rules set out in the Guide to the Professional Conduct of Solicitors, which may be viewed by clicking here.
We are not authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, but we may in certain circumstances offer a restricted range of investment services to clients, as the firm is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority. We can provide these investment services if they arise out of, or are incidental to, legal services we have been engaged to provide.
We maintain professional indemnity insurance in accordance with the rules of the Solicitors Regulation Authority. Details of the insurers and the territorial coverage of the policy are available for inspection at our offices or upon request.
Terms of use
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of www.penningtonslaw.com (our "site"), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to all users.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Authors of any material on our site assert their moral rights. This licence does not cover content owned by anyone other than Penningtons Manches Cooper, nor does it allow copying of the structure, look and feel or program code relating to our site. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Reliance on information posted
Commentary and other materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Our site changes regularly
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and
any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for loss of income or revenue; loss of business; loss of profits or contracts; loss of anticipated savings; loss of data; loss of goodwill; wasted management or office time; and for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
The above exclusions do not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Information about you
Any information uploaded by you or given to us through this site will be processed by us in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Our relationship
We will not be your instructed solicitors and there shall not be a solicitor-client relationship merely through your visit to our site or by you giving us information via our site. We will only be formally instructed as your solicitors once we have corresponded on a specific matter and we have sent you, and you have accepted our terms of engagement.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to info@penningtonslaw.com.
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site. These terms of use are governed by English law.
Trade marks
"PENNINGTONS MANCHES COOPER" is a UK registered trade mark of Penningtons Manches Cooper LLP.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Consumer ADR
If you are a consumer client and have contracted with this firm via electronic media only, and you are unhappy with the service provided but have not been able to resolve your complaint with us, you are entitled to submit a complaint to an "alternative dispute resolution" body via http://ec.europa.eu/odr. Please note, however, that we are entitled not to submit to the ADR process.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact info@penningtonslaw.com
Thank you for visiting our site.
In this section
Legal notice
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
Complaints procedure
Modern slavery statement
Brexit statement
Coronavirus statement
We have obtained the Lexcel quality standard awarded by the Law Society for best practice.
Useful links
Legal notice
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
Complaints procedure
Modern slavery statement
Brexit statement
Coronavirus statement
Contact an office
London (Head office)+44 (0)20 7457 3000
London (Minories)+44 (0)20 7481 8851
Basingstoke+44 (0)1256 407100
Birmingham+44 (0)121 312 2560
Cambridge+44 (0)1223 465465
Guildford+44 (0)1483 791800
Oxford+44 (0)1865 722106
Reading+44 (0)118 982 2640
Madrid+34 91 781 6670
Paris+33 1 44 34 24 80
Piraeus+30 210 361 4840
São Paulo+55 11 3750 3600
Singapore+65 6438 4497
Sectors
Charities
Education
Life sciences
Private wealth
Real estate
Retail
Shipping
Social housing
Sports and entertainment
Technology
Services for Business
Banking and finance
Commercial
Commercial dispute resolution
Construction and infrastructure
Corporate
Employment
Immigration
Intellectual property
International trade
Marine, trade and energy
Real estate
Travel
Services for Individuals
Clinical negligence
Court of Protection and deputyships
Employment
Family law
Holiday accident claims
Immigration
Personal injury
Private client and tax
Residential property and conveyancing
Copyright
© 2020 Penningtons Manches Cooper LLP.All rights reserved.Website design by Frontmedia / Dynamic Pear
Penningtons Manches Cooper LLP
Penningtons Manches Cooper LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales with registered number OC311575 and is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority.