http://www.chbconline.org/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy | chbconline.org
Skip to content
Saturday, October 10, 2020
Home
About Us
Media Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
chbconline.org
Chapel Hill Baptist Church
Call Support:
00619800000000
Email Support:
info@yourdoamin.com
Location:
Sydney New South Wales
Home
About Us
Media Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Search for:
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for http://www.chbconline.org/
At http://www.chbconline.org/, accessible from http://www.chbconline.org/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by http://www.chbconline.org/ and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in http://www.chbconline.org/. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, and maintain our webste
Improve, personalize, and expand our webste
Understand and analyze how you use our webste
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the webste, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Log Files
http://www.chbconline.org/ follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Advertising Partners Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of http://www.chbconline.org/.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://www.chbconline.org/, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that http://www.chbconline.org/ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Search for:
Recent Posts
“Does God Heal Today?”
“The True Leadership Test”
“Words You Speak”
Recent CommentsSponsored by: wap sbobet com mobile betting
sabung ayam online
sbobet online
tangkasnet
agen roulette
OSG777 IOS
daftar osg777
s128
tangkasnet versi terbaru
Information Website Situs Judi Bola Resmi adalah situs yang telah memiliki lisensi tetap seperti sbobet dan maxbet. kedua situs judi bola tersebut berkerjasama dengan agen betme88 untuk memasarkan taruhan di indonesia.
Daftar judi dadu online tentu harus melalui agen yang terbaik. Untuk mendapatkan pengalaman bermain judi dadu online terbaik, pilihlah agen dengan kualitas yang mendukung.
Copyright 2019 All rights reserved.
|
Theme: HamroClass by Themecentury.
Home
About Us
Media Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy