https://www.learnreligions.com/does-drinking-water-help-acne-1729524
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Yagi Studio
New Age / Metaphysical
Holistic Healing
Divination
Chakra Balancing
Reiki
Crystal Therapy
By
Phylameana lila Desy
Reiki Expert
Phylameana lila Desy, the author of "The Everything Guide to Reiki," is a freelance writer, holistic healing consultant, intuitive counselor, and an energy medicine practitioner.
our editorial process
Phylameana lila Desy
Updated May 09, 2019
The idea that drinking eight glasses of water is essential for having clear skin and good health is not accurate. This widely accepted reasoning has been debunked by the scientific community because there is no evidence to back it up.
Drink When You Are Thirsty
In a video clip (no longer accessible online) posted on CBS News Web site, Dr. Stanley Goldfarb (one of the researchers from the University of Pennsylvania who agrees that the eight glasses a day theory is bunk) stated, "If you're thirsty, drink, if you're not thirsty, you needn't drink."
Acne aside, it is a bit nutty to buy into the myth that everyone needs to drink eight eight ounces glasses each day. Why eight glasses? Supposedly, someone came up with this years ago, but there is no data that reflects any scientific reason why this conclusion came about.
Think about it. Does a petite woman weighing 112 pounds need to drink eight 8-ounce glasses of water. How about the three hundred pound guy? Is eight glasses of water enough for him? Liquids in foods should count too, right?
Known Factors that Contribute to Acne Include:
StressHormone ImbalancesDigestive DisordersExcessive Oil ProductionClogged PoresBacteriaDead Skin Cells
Steam, Exfoliate, and Moisturize Your Skin Routinely
If your primary concern is dehydration it is important not to neglect your body's exterior needs. Pamper your skin using steam treatments or spending time in a sauna.You might also like to explore different types of facial treatments to moisturize your face and skin. Keeping those pores unclogged is a keen preventative measure for having a clearer, acne free complexion.
Certainly, Drinking Water is Still Important
Since we don't have to keep track of our daily water consumption or feel guilty for not drinking enough water this doesn't mean water should be eliminated from our diets. It is still important to drink water. Water is one of the four basic elements after all.
Obviously, for anyone desiring a healthier diet, the consumption water would be the preferred beverage choice over caffeinated drinks or high-fructose sodas. Go ahead and reach for the water bottle or turn on the water faucet and enjoy a refreshing glass of water whenever you're thirsty. No harm, no foul.
Disclaimer: The information contained on this site is intended for educational purposes only and is not a substitute for advice, diagnosis or treatment by a licensed physician. You should seek prompt medical care for any health issues and consult your doctor before using alternative medicine or making a change to your regimen.
10 Simple Tips to Cure Your Acne Naturally
Vitamins and Minerals for Healthy Blemish-Free Skin
Ileocecal Valve Syndrome
How to Cope with Painful and Annoying Tinnitus Symptoms
What is Johrei Healing?
Top Ten Defenses for Actively Attacking a Sore Throat
Ear Candling
Healing Amulets, Talismans, and Fetishes
How to Perform Distant Healing
Russian Gypsy Fortune Telling Cards
Angels of Atlantis Oracle Cards
Magickal Creature Totems
Scary Death Predictions by Psychics
Before You Buy a Juice Extractor
What Does it Mean to be Hypersensitive?
Visualization Discovery Tour