http://www.outpostcenters.org/privacy/
Privacy Notice
Privacy notice
Protecting your personal data is taken very seriously. Therefore, we follow the rules of the DPA. The following declaration gives you an overview how we ensure this protection and what kind of data are claimed for which purpose and to what extent these data are made accessible to third parties.
Information you give us
When you register for Outpost Centers International (OCI) you give us certain information voluntarily. This includes your name, date of birth, email address, phone number, profile photo, and any other information you give us. This information is for the sole use of our team to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with us. We do not sell your information or share it with third parties.
Donor Privacy Policy
As a nonprofit corporation in the State of Tennessee, USA, OCI accepts donations and issues tax-deductible receipts to US donors.
OCI endeavors to make the best use of your donation which means that 98.5% of your donation goes to the designated OCI ministry, except for donations made with a credit card, for which Stripe deducts a processing fee of 2.9% + $0.30 per transaction.
OCI will not sell a donor’s personal information collected online or offline with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Data processing on this website
Data provided to us by your browser is stored automatically in the server statistics. Such data includes:
Date
Time
IP address
Documents looked at
Browser typ/ -version
Operating system and version used
Language
Origin by website These will not specifically identify the user. These data are deleted after a statistical evaluation.
Cookies
Most of the Cookies used by us are so called "Session-Cookies". They are automatically deleted after the end of your visit.
Processing your payment
Our website is in accordance with PCI (Payment Card Industry) compliant.
When processing donations or payments, we do not store any of your credit card information or process any of your payments on our servers. Instead, we use a third-party payment processor called Stripe. Any data regarding the card information entered goes directly to Stripe whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy policy, which may be viewed at https://stripe.com/us/privacy.
Stripe may provide us with a “stripe id” or “subscription id”, in case of recurring donations, to make payments requests with. This information is stored in our database. In addition, we’re provided with and store your email address, first name, last name, and billing address.  This allows you to view your payment history on our website, cancel recurring donations, and, if you’re a US donor, receive a tax-deductible receipt.
Newsletter
If you want to receive our newsletter, we do need your e-mail address as well as information which allow us to check whether this is your personal e-mail address or not. If not, we do need the approval of the owner of the stated e-mail address that he/she agrees to receive the newsletter.
Your approval for saving your data can be revoked at any time.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link.
Further information can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html (Google Analytics Terms of Service & Privacy). Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so-called IP-masking).
We also use Google Analytics to analyze data from AdWords and the Double-Click-Cookie for statistical purposes. If you do not want this, you can disable this via the Ads Preferences Manager.
Source: www.datenschutzbeauftragter-info.de
Right to Information
At any time, you have the right to get information about the data stored with regard to your person, origin as well as the purpose of the storage. Our data-protection supervisor will give you any information on the data stored.
Further Information
Your trust is important. Therefore, do not hesitate to contact our data-protection supervisor if you have any questions concerning your personal data.