http://www.amicus-alj.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
PRIVACY POLICYWe take your privacy very seriously. This policy sets out all the steps we take to safeguard your information, how we collect it and how we use it.1. INTERPRETATION1.1. This privacy policy applies only to our Amicus ALJ websites ('the sites') that are under the parent domain of amicus-alj.org.1.2. 'we', 'us', 'Amicus' and 'Amicus ALJ' mean Amicus ALJ, a private company limited by guarantee, incorporated in England and Wales with registration no. 2797826, whose registered office is at 1 York Mansions, 215 Earls Court Road, London SW5 9AF, which owns and operates the Sites.1.3. This privacy policy explains how Amicus ALJ uses the information it collects about you and procedures that Amicus ALJ has in place to safeguard your privacy. Amicus ALJ is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 Amicus ALJ has a legal duty to protect any personal information it collects from you.2. INTRODUCTION2.1. The Sites provide various services which include, but are not limited to, providing information on and encouraging participation in Amicus ALJ's various activities; and providing an online community for like-minded people to take action together.2.2. The Sites are UK-based websites and we take reasonable care to comply with the requirements of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 ('the Act') relating to the personal information you supply on the Sites.2.3. For the purpose of the Act, we are the data controller. If you have any queries concerning this Privacy Policy or the way in which your personal data is used by us, please contact admin@amicus-alj.org.3. CHILDREN3.1. The Sites are aimed at people who are aged 14 years old and over. If you are aged 14 to 18, we advise you to inform your parent or legal guardian that you are registering on and/or using the Sites. If you are under the age of 14, you may not register on and/or use the Sites or submit any personal information to any of the Sites.3.2. If we become aware that we have collected any personal information from any person under the age of 14, we will delete this information as soon as possible.4. YOUR PERSONAL DATAThe information we gather ('Information') may include the name and address of registered users and members, email address and telephone number. If you have registered on any of the Sites, the Information will include any personal information which you submit to the Site.  4.1. We collect information when you provide it to us directly.4.1.1. You may give us your information in order to sign up for one of our events, make a donation, or communicate with us. This includes giving Amicus ALJ personal information via email, or by using an electronic form on the website, or by enquiring about any of Amicus ALJ's services.4.2. We collect data when you give permission to other organisations to share it, or it is available publicly.4.2.1. We may combine information you provide to us with information publically available from external sources to gain a better understanding of our donors and supporters to improve our fundraising methods and services.4.2.2. The information we get from other organisations may depend on your privacy settings or the responses you give to them. This information comes from the following sources:- Third party organisationsYou may have provided permission for a company or other organisation to share your data with third parties, including charities e.g. publish your name as a donor.  As a policy, Amicus ALJ does not pay third party organisations for data.- Information available publiclyThis may include information found in places such as Companies House and information that has been published in articles/ newspapers. In particular we may look to publications relating to human rights.4.3. We collect information when you use our website.4.3.1. Please refer to section 8. COOKIES.5. UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION5.1. If any of the Information you have submitted for any account or profile on any of the Sites changes, you can update your personal information by logging in to your account on the Site in question and selecting the option provided.5.2. If you are a member of Amicus ALJ and any of your membership details changes, you can amend your membership details by contacting admin@amicus-alj.org.6. YOUR PAYMENT DETAILSAt present, we use PayPal and JustGiving for online transactions.7. LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES' SITESWe may provide links to other websites. Before supplying any personal information to any other website, we recommend that you check that website's Privacy Policy. We do not accept responsibility for the protection of any data supplied to other sites.8. COOKIES8.1. What are cookies?As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.8.2. How we use cookies.We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.8.3. Disabling cookies.You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.8.4. The cookies we setGoogle Analytics: This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.Embedded content: Some of the content on our site is provided by third parties. This includes but is not limited to: Google Maps for interactive mapping, YouTube or Vimeo for hosted video and Flickr for images. When you visit a page containing content from one of these sites a cookie may be set. We do not have any control over these cookies and you should check the relevant third party website for more information about these.8.5. More InformationFor more information about cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org. 9. SECURITY9.1. When you submit your Information to us on any of the Sites, we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely. Unfortunately, it is not possible to guarantee the total security of any data transmitted over the Internet. While we strive to protect your Information, Amnesty International UK cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you therefore do this at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we take reasonable steps to ensure its security on our systems, but we take no responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.9.2. Please remember that other methods of Internet communication, such as emails and messages sent via a website, are not secure unless they are encrypted.10. CHANGES TO THIS POLICYOur Privacy Policy may change from time to time.  In this case, the amended version will be published on the Site. This policy will be updated if there are any changes in our practice.