http://www.nshss.org/terms-of-use/
×
Password Recovery
To recover your password please fill in your email address
Email
Submit
Back To Login
Don't Have An Account Yet ?
Signup!
×
Create An Account
Please fill in below form to create an account with us
Email
Username
Fullname
Country
Country
Signup
Back To Login
×
Good Afternoon!
Let's make today a great day!
Email
Password
Remember Me
Login
Forgot Your Password ?
or signup with
Twitter
Facebook
Google
Don't Have An Account Yet ?
Signup!
Terms of Use
This is the web site of The National Society of High School Scholars.
Home
/
Terms of Use
Our postal address is:National Headquarters1936 North Druid Hills RoadAtlanta, Georgia 30319
We can be reached via e-mail at information@nshss.org or you can reach us by telephone at 404-235-5500.
We welcome you to the website for the National Society of High School Scholars ("NSHSS"). NSHSS was established to highlight the accomplishments of high school students who have demonstrated outstanding leadership, scholarship, and community commitment, and to foster their continued success. Founded in 2002, NSHSS has inducted more than 1,700,000 members from over 170 countries. NSHSS provides a wide array of member benefits that prepare students for both college and careers and provides members access to over $2,000,000 each year.
On this website, you will find valuable information about scholarships, college preparation programs, and meetings and events hosted by NSHSS. By accessing or using information or services found on any webpage of NSHSS's website found at the URL nshss.org including but not limited to NSHSS's store located at store.nshss.org/store/; the blogs located at nshss.org/blog; the restricted, members only pages; or any other pages in the nshss.org domain (collectively, the "Website") you consent to be bound by these Terms of Use ("Terms").
Please read these Terms carefully, because they constitute a legal contract and imposes obligation on you as a user of the Website.
If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you may not use the Website. You must read and accept all of these Terms and the Privacy Policy nshss.org/privacy-policy before using the Website. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you may not use the Website.
Modification of Terms
We reserve the right to modify these Terms from time to time, without notice and in our sole discretion, by publishing or displaying ("posting") amended Terms to this website. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms so that you will be apprised of any changes. Your continued use of the Website indicates your acceptance of the amended Terms.
Eligibility and Registration
You must be 13 years of age or older to use the Website. If you are 13 or over, but still under the age of 18, please ask a parent or guardian to read and agree to these Terms before you use the Website.
If you are under 18, by using our Website you are telling us that you have consent from a parent or guardian to use the Website in accordance with these Terms and the Privacy Policy. We may disable your access to members-only restricted areas of the Website without notice and in our discretion if we are not satisfied that such consent has been given.
NSHSS's Proprietary Rights
All content, graphics, code, and software used on or incorporated into this Website, and the arrangement or integration of all such content, graphics, code, and software, is subject to copyrights and other proprietary intellectual property rights held by NSHSS. NSHSS grants you permission to electronically download, copy, or print hard copies of pages from this Website solely for your personal, non-commercial purposes. You may not sell, publish, advertise, or otherwise distribute for commercial purposes any information or materials obtained from the Website. Any use of this Website or content or information contained herein other than for your own personal, non-commercial use is strictly prohibited, unless the written permission of NSHSS is obtained first.
NSHSS, THE NATIONAL SOCIETY OF HIGH SCHOOL SCHOLARS, and any associate logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of NSHSS. All rights in such trademarks and any related trademarks or servicemarks are reserved.
By posting any comments, questions, or information requests on or through the Website, including NSHSS's blog located at nshss.org/blog, other blogs, or other forums for public posting made available by NSHSS currently or in the future, you automatically grant to us a worldwide, non-exclusive, sub-licensable, transferable, royalty-free, perpetual, and irrevocable right to copy, distribute, create derivative works of, publicly perform and display such content.
Error Correction
Though NSHSS uses reasonable efforts to ensure otherwise, this Website may contain typographical errors or other inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. NSHSS reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time.
Links
NSHSS provides links on this Website to the websites of third party providers of products, services, and information that you may find helpful in preparing for or selecting a college or university. If you use these links, you leave the Website. Any such links are provided by NSHSS only as a convenience and do not imply any endorsement by NSHSS of another site or any materials found there; you click on such links at your sole risk. Moreover, a third party, not NSHSS, provides any software downloaded by you after following such links. Your download and use of such software is at your own risk. NSHSS shall have no liability for any damages caused by such third party software. Please be sure to read the privacy policy on other sites if you have any questions about their collection of your personal data.
Relationships with Third Parties
If you choose to purchase products or services from third parties who are linked, described, or otherwise referenced by the Website, including but not limited to NSHSS's partners and collaborators, you are solely responsible for your interactions with such third parties. NSHSS has no obligation to monitor or intervene in disputes between you and any such third party.
Terms of Purchase, Shipment, and Delivery
All goods purchased from NSHSS are shipped F.O.B. our warehouse. Title to the goods passes to you at the time of delivery by the warehouse to a common carrier. NSHSS strives to provide prompt shipment of products ordered online. Shipment of products may be subject to reconfirmation request from NSHSS via email or phone call within two days of the date of the order placed online. NSHSS reserves the right to cancel any order that does not get your approval, confirmation, or re-confirmation where reasonably requested. All shipments are made via U.S. Postal Service first class mail or priority shipping, depending on the weight of shipment.
Return and Exchange of Merchandise
REFUND POLICY. Refunds will be issued for select merchandise only returned to NSHSS within 30 days of original purchase and returned in the same condition it was received. We will not accept returns or issue a refund if items are returned after 30 days. NSHSS is not able to refund shipping and handling fees. The member must pay shipping charges for returns.
GRADUATION MERCHANDISE. We encourage you to check with the Graduation Coordinator at your school before purchasing any graduation merchandise to wear at graduation. Graduation merchandise is non-refundable. If you would need to return graduation items, we will issue a store credit good for ninety (90) days once we receive the returned merchandise in the same condition it was received. For more information on Graduation Merchandise, see Graduation Merchandise Policy.
EXCHANGE POLICY. We will exchange any defective item within 30 days of purchase for the same item if the original item is returned within 30 days in the same condition it was received. If you wish to exchange a clothing item due to a sizing issue, we will exchange your clothing item for a different size upon receipt of the original item if it is returned within 30 days in the same condition it was received. NSHSS is not able to refund shipping and handling fees. The member must pay shipping charges for exchanges.
RETURN POLICY. For all packages sent to NSHSS for a return or exchange: Please write RETURN or EXCHANGE on the outside of the package. Include a note with the following information: order number, contact email, phone number, and a note explaining the action you would like taken. NSHSS is not able to refund shipping and handling fees. Members must pay shipping charges for returns or exchanges.
Return Address: Please send any items for Refund/Return/Exchange to NSHSS Headquarters,Returns Processing, 1936 North Druid Hills Road, Atlanta, GA 30319. NSHSS is not able to refund shipping and handling fees. Members must pay shipping charges for refunds, returns, or exchanges.
Appropriate Conduct and Content
The following rules and guidelines apply to comments on blogs we maintain on the Website and any other forum for public posting that we may provide in the future. We may, but shall have no obligation to, remove materials that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable, or infringe or violate any party's copyright, trade secret, trademark, authorship, publicity, or other proprietary rights (collectively, "Intellectual Property Rights") or these Terms. Examples of such illegal or unauthorized uses include, but are not limited to Content that:
- is patently offensive, such as content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
- harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
- involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming;"
- promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, or libelous;
- promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
- displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind;
- is intended or designed to disrupt an ongoing conversation via flaming (a message in which the writer publicly attacks another participant in overly harsh or personal terms) or trolling (deliberately posting derogatory or inflammatory comments in order to bait others into responding); or
- transmits any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, or other items of a destructive nature.
If any Content you post on the Website contains links to other websites, you represent and warrant that you have the right to post that link or have obtained permission from the applicable website owner to do so.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless NSHSS from and against any and all suits, proceedings, claims, losses, and damages (including reasonable attorneys' fees) related to any claim by a third party alleging that Content you posted on the Website, including any blogs, forums, or message boards, constitutes an infringement of any Intellectual Property Right of such third party.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
NSHSS provides this Website, its contents, and any and all products, services, and information described or provided herein on an "as is" basis. You expressly agree that your use of this Website, any information or materials found on this Website, and any products purchased from this Website is at your sole risk. NSHSS expressly disclaims warranties of every kind, express and implied, including without limitation any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, any warranty for information, services, quiet enjoyment, non-infringement, or any warranty related to products or services provided in connection with or recommended by this Website.
NSHSS does not represent or warrant that the functions of this Website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall NSHSS or any other parties involved in creating or maintaining this Website be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if NSHSS or its authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
NSHSS shall not be responsible for any damages, losses, or causes of action (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) arising from or related to your interactions or transactions with any of NSHSS's partners or third party vendors referred or recommended by the Website or otherwise found by you through the Website.
Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall NSHSS's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) exceed the fees paid by you to NSHSS in the twelve (12) month period preceeding the incident giving rise to such liability.
Choice of Law, Waiver, Claims, Severability
By using this Website or accessing any information herein, you agree that the laws of the State of Georgia will govern your use of the Website. You also agree that any legal or equitable claim arising from your purchase must be brought in the city, state, or federal courts located in Fulton County, Georgia, and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. NSHSS's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Agreement will not be deemed to be a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions and that the other provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of this Website or products purchased through this Website must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Notice
You may direct any questions concerning this Agreement or notices required by this Agreement to:
NSHSS1936 North Druid Hills Rd.Atlanta, GA 30319Email: support@nshss.org
Whole Agreement and Amendment
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and NSHSS with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. NSHSS may amend or modify this Agreement at any time by posting the new terms on its Website. This Agreement may not be otherwise amended except in a written document signed by you and NSHSS.
This agreement was last revised on June 16, 2019.