http://www.masonichome.org/terms-of-use/
Masons of California
GIVE
FONT SIZE AA
(888) 466-3642
Browse:
Terms of Use
Agreement Between User and Masons of California
This website is comprised of various webpages and websites operated by Grand Lodge of Free & Accepted Masons of California and its affiliates (“Masons of California”).
The Masons of California website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein and subject to the Privacy Policy and other terms, policies, and procedures which may be posted on a webpage or website. Your use of the Masons of California website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices and Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with the terms of these Terms of Use, you may not use the website. Please discontinue your use immediately.
Modification of These Terms of Use
Masons of California reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Masons of California website is offered at any time so please refer to it periodically.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Masons of California website may contain links to other website (“Linked Sites“). The Linked Sites are not under the control of the Masons of California and the Masons of California is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. The Masons of California is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. The Masons of California is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the Masons of California of the site or any association with its operators.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the Masons of California website, you warrant to the Masons of California that you will not use the Masons of California website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Masons of California website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Masons of California website, result in the unauthorized disclosure or use of personally identifiable or otherwise sensitive information or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Masons of California website. You may not use the data or information on the Masons of California website for commercial purposes or purposes other than Masonic-related business. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Masons of California website.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that, when visiting or using a Masons of California website, you will: (a) not defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity of others); (b) not post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-oriented, pornographic, misleading, fraudulent, otherwise objectionable material of any kind or any other material that may violate any applicable laws, or violate or infringe any third party rights or violate any confidentiality obligations; (c) not use any website for illegal purposes; (d) not advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose unless such website specifically allows such messages; (e) not conduct or forward surveys, contest, pyramid schemes or chain letters; (f) not harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent; (g) comply with all requirements, procedures, policies of the website and all applicable laws and regulations including U.S. export control laws, policies, procedures, laws, regulations and directives governing privacy and the Terms of Use posted on the website; (h) not take any action that imposes, or may impose, in the sole discretion of the Masons of California, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure or otherwise be disruptive including but not limited to “flooding” any group with posts; (i) not to upload, post, use or otherwise make available any content that contains software viruses or any other corrupt computer code, files or programs that impair the use of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; or (j) not use information or data on the Masons of California website for commercial purposes or purposes other than Masonic-related business.
Use of Communication Services
The Masons of California website may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal webpages, calendars and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”). You agree to use the Communication Services at your own risk and that you are solely responsible for the contents of your private and public communications, whether uploaded, posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted. You agree only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service and otherwise in compliance with these Terms of Use and any other applicable terms of use.
The Masons of California has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, the Masons of California reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Masons of California reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services or website at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. The Masons of California does not control or endorse the content, messages, or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, the Masons of California specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Users are not authorized the Masons of California spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of the Masons of California.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction, and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Password and Username
Access to some content accessible from this website is password controlled. By registering for an account, a password and the right to use the protection portions of this website, you are certifying that you are an authorized to access and use the website and agree to be bound by Terms of Use (and any additional terms required for access to password controlled content) and that the user name and password are unique to you. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name and password. You are advised that you could be held liable for losses incurred by the Masons of California as a result of the misuse of your user name, password or account.
Personally Identifiable or Otherwise Sensitive Data and Information
Some of the website include personally identifiable or otherwise sensitive data or information. You acknowledge and agree that, by your use of such websites: (a) you are an authorized user of the website; (b) you will use this website in accordance with the Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and other posted use requirements; (c) you will use your best efforts to maintain all personally identifiable and otherwise sensitive information in the highest confidence and only use such information for such purposes consistent and in accordance with the posted Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and other posted use requirements. Other use requirements include using the website only for purposes of communicating with members information which is relevant and related to activities and matters of Freemasonry, the Grand Lodge, and lodge.
Materials Provided to Masons of California or Posted at any Masons of California Website
The Masons of California does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to the Masons of California (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Masons of California website or its associated services (collectively “Submissions“). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing, or submitting your Submission you are granting Masons of California, its affiliates, employees, contractors, leadership, members, service providers, advisors, accountants, auditors, other professional advisors, and temporary employees, permission to use your Submission in connection with the Masons of California’s legitimate interests consistent with the tenets of Freemasonry and programs and services offered by and through the Masons of California including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Masons of California is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Masons of California’s sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing, or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input, or submit the Submissions.
Liability Disclaimer
You agree to use the Masons of California website at your own risk and that you are solely responsible for the contents of your private and public communications, whether uploaded, posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted.
There are no warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to IMPLIED warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, title, or non-infringement regarding the information, programs, products, or services included in or available through the Masons of California website and, the extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, programs, products, or services are provided on an “as-is” basis.
In no event shall the Masons of California be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential, or punitive damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, damage to software or hardware, lost profits or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the Masons of California website, even if advised in advance of the possibility of such damage. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Masons of California website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Masons of California website.
Disclosure
The Masons of California reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in the Masons of California’s sole discretion.
Termination and Access Restriction
The Masons of California reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Masons of California website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
General
To the maximum extent permitted by law, these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy are governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in San Francisco County, California, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Masons of California website. Use of the Masons of California website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Masons of California as a result of this agreement or use of the Masons of California website. Masons of California’s performance of these Terms of Use is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Masons of California’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Masons of California website or information provided to or gathered by Masons of California with respect to such use. If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between the user and Masons of California with respect to the Masons of California website superseding all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between the user and Masons of California with respect to the Masons of California website. A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Rev 10162009
Copyright © 2017 Grand Lodge of F. & A.M. of California. All rights reserved. Grand Lodge of F. & A.M., 1111 California Street, San Francisco, CA 94108
Site MapOur Campuses
In Your Community
Youth and Families
Lodge Resources
About Us
News + Events
Give
Other SitesMasons of California
Acacia Creek Retirement Community
California Masonic Foundation
Henry W. Coil Library & Museum
Masonic Center for Youth and Families
Masons4Mitts
Masons4Youth
SF Masonic
Contact Us(888) 466-364234400 Mission Boulevard Union City, CA 94587 masonicassistance@mhcuc.orgMore Contact (title hidden with CSS) More Contact Info
Give Button HTML (title is hidden with CSS) Give
Social Media HTML (title is hidden with CSS)
Legal Links (this title is hidden with CSS) Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Masonic Homes of California
Masonic Homes of California: Union City RCFE #011440129 SNF #020000063 COA #151 | Covina RCFE #191592287 COA #154 | Acacia Creek Retirement Community: RCFE #015601302 | COA #246 —