http://www.hias.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
HIAS is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology giving you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy applies to HIAS’ website and governs data collection and usage. By using the HIAS website, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. Collection and Use of Your Personal InformationHIAS collects personally identifiable information from users, such as an individual’s name, e-mail address, home or work address, telephone number or credit card information, known as “PII.” HIAS collects PII in association with donations, user registration, newsletters and other activities, when relevant.HIAS collects information about its private donors and amounts raised by donors. When a private donor wishes to donate through HIAS’ website, the donor must register its information there. A donor will provide information such as name, company name, e-mail address, home or work address, phone number, credit card number and other relevant data. This information is used by HIAS to identify the donor, provide the donor with mailings and communications and process the donor’s billing information.HIAS also uses personal information to communicate with registered users. For example, HIAS may use your personal information to send you our newsletter or to solicit funds, or HIAS may collect and process any personal information you volunteer to us in our website’s forms, such as when you register for events or sign up for information and newsletters.There is also information about your computer hardware and software automatically collected by HIAS. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by HIAS for the operation of HIAS’ services and website, to maintain the quality of the HIAS website and to provide general statistics regarding use of HIAS’ website.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose PII or personally sensitive data through HIAS public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. HIAS encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from HIAS so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. HIAS is not responsible for the privacy statements or content of any other website other than the HIAS website.Protecting ConfidentialityAny information stored on HIAS’s digital platforms is treated as confidential. We restrict access to personal information collected about users to our employees or others who need to know information to provide services to you or in the course of conducting our business operations. HIAS binds all of its employees to its Confidentiality Policy.HIAS does not sell, rent or lease its website user or online and offline donor information or PII to third parties, except where HIAS may share data with trusted partners and nonprofit organizations to help us perform statistical analysis, send email or postal mail, provide user or technical support, or reach out to new prospective supporters. All such third parties are prohibited from using your PII, except to provide these services to HIAS, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information, including your name, email address, physical address, and phone number.  Website users and online or offline donors may opt out of having their email, phone, or postal information sold, rented, or leased at any time by contacting development@hias.org and requesting that their names and contact information be removed from any lists that HIAS shares, exchanges, or rents.HIAS does not use or disclose your sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, medical information or political affiliation, without your explicit consent.HIAS keeps track of the links and pages our users visit within HIAS, in order to determine which website features or pages are the most popular. We send targeted social media posts to users based on user analytics and user activity.  HIAS uses information about donations, actions taken or users’ content preferences to generate custom email solicitations for donations.HIAS will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief  such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on HIAS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of HIAS; and (c) act under certain circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of HIAS, or of members of the public.Use of CookiesThe HIAS website use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your electronic system’s  hard drive, operating system or mobile device by a webpage server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you sign up to donate or volunteer through HIAS’s website, a cookie helps HIAS recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses and so on. When you return to the same HIAS website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved.You have the right to accept or decline our use of such cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of HIAS services or our website.Security of Your Personal InformationHIAS maintains appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. HIAS secures the PII you provide on the HIAS website in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, such as a third party payment processor, such information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. We also advise all HIAS employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company's business ethics standards and confidentiality policies.  Data collected is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.Your Right to “Opt-Out”HIAS operates a strict “opt-out” policy for individuals. This means we will not send you any information unless you have requested to receive e-mail/text/social media message updates from us. If you are a private donor or HIAS email list subscriber and you receive emails from us, you may unsubscribe or update your email preferences at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by sending an email to our Data Protection Officer as indicated below. Donors and HIAS listserv subscribers are able to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that they receive from us by accessing HIAS’s website.  For businesses, HIAS will continue to contact businesses with news and information until we are informed that this communication is no longer required.Changes to this PolicyHIAS will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and user feedback. HIAS encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how HIAS is protecting your information.Contact InformationHIAS welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that HIAS has not adhered to the commitments made in this Policy, please contact HIAS’ Data Protection Officer, Simone Walton, at dpo@hias.org We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to and promptly determine and remedy your concerns.
Take Action for Refugees and Asylum Seekers
Take Action
Donate
Sign Up
Submit