http://www.gilc.org/privacy/
GLOBAL
INTERNET
LIBERTY
CAMPAIGN
NEWS
GILC
Actions
Presswire
GILC
Events
Subscribe to
the
GILC
Alert
ISSUES
Free
Speech
Privacy
Cryptography
Access
ABOUT
GILC
Principles
Members
Mail
GILC
Home
Page
US
Site
European
Mirror
LATEST
NEWS
(December
12, 2000)
GILC Members Maintain
Opposition to Cyber-Crime Treaty. Responding
to the latest version of the Council of Europe's
Convention on Cyber-Crime, twenty-one GILC member
organizations have drafted a new
letter arguing that the treaty's current provisions
will continue to violate the rights of Internet users.
The letter from the groups also points out the lack of
public input in the drafting process.
GILC Members Release Letter
Opposing Cyber-Crime Convention. Twenty-eight
GILC member organizations from around the world have
urged the Council of Europe to reject the current version
of its Convention on Cyber-Crime. The letter
from the organizations states that provisions of the
treaty runs contrary to internationally accepted human
rights norms and would infringe on the free speech and
privacy rights of all Internet users.
Declaration of Internet
Actors. Several GILC member organizations have
joined French organizations in opposing the Liberty of
Communication Act pending in the French Parliament. The
bill would have a detrimental impact on the free speech
and privacy of Internet users. See the statement
and background materials produced by Imaginons
un Réseau Internet Solidaire (IRIS).
G-8 Cyber-Crime Meeting Ends
Without Significant Progress. The Group of 8
(G-8), the eight largest economies in the world, met in
Paris to discuss a possible resolution on cyber-crime.
Industry and governments agreed to cooperate more to
fight cybercrime. Controversial suggestions to mandate
that ISPs gather and keep more information about users
were opposed. See Privacy International's new Cyber-Crime
page for more information.
New Report on Internet Access
in Central and Eastern Europe. "Bridging the
Digital Divide: Internet Access in Central & Eastern
Europe" has been released in updated and expanded
version. The report,
while offering a snapshot of the state of the Net in a
single region, addresses one of the most fundamental
Internet policy issues worldwide -- the challenge of
affordable access -- and includes a discussion of the
universal service principle and policies that promote
wider Internet access.
GILC Releases Statement
Opposing DVD Suit. Twenty-three GILC member
organizations have signed onto a statement
opposing the DVD Copy Control Association's (CCA) suit
against people who have posted information about the DVD
Content Scrambling System (CSS). The suit claims to
protect trade secrets surrounding DVD CSS, but the letter
points out that the controversial DeCSS software is legal
reverse-engineering needed to provide interoperability of
DVDs on different computer systems. The statement also
explains that DeCSS does not enable the practical
duplication DVDs and that DVDs can already be copied
through other available means.
Public Interest Policy Forum
Releases Internet Recommendations. Two years
in a row, representatives from a number of "groups,
associations, and trade unions" have met in Paris under
IRIS
to discuss policies that would create and preserve an
"Internet that promotes non-commercial interests and
solidarity." The final motion passed by the second forum,
which took place on November 27, 1999, approved the
document "85
recommendations for a democratic Internet in the year
2000." This document should interest people around
the world who are concerned with access to information
for all, even though a few of the statements touch on
particular French laws. Supplementary
statements are available in French.
EPIC Sues for NSA
Interception Documents. On December 3, EPIC
asked a federal court to order the release of
controversial documents concerning potential government
surveillance of American citizens. EPIC's lawsuit
(PDF) seeks the public disclosure of internal National
Security Agency (NSA) documents discussing the legality
of the agency's intelligence activities. See the
press
release for more details, and EPIC's Former
Secrets page for examples of other government
documents obtained under the Freedom of Information
Act.
No Licensing of ISPs in
Bulgaria. On November 18, the Bulgarian
government announced that it would not require Internet
Services Providers (ISPs) to obtain licenses. By avoiding
a governmental role in Internet access, Bulgaria managed
to avoid a potential obstacle in the availability of
online information. For more information, see the
Internet Society
(ISOC) Bulgaria.
Website on ECHELON Launched.
Echelon
Watch, a new website
administered by the American
Civil Liberties Union
(ACLU) along with the Omega Foundation and the
Electronic
Privacy Information Center (EPIC),
provides news and materials on Project ECHELON. ECHELON
is a worldwide surveillance system run by the U.S.
National Security Agency (NSA) with the cooperation of
intelligence agencies in the UK, Canada, Australia and
New Zealand. While the existence of ECHELON has remained
largely unknown to the general public, recent proceedings
by the European Parliament and an upcoming hearing in the
U.S. Congress will shed light on the scope of the
project.
For other current news
stories, see the GILC
Presswire
For other GILC actions, see
the GILC
Activities Page