https://www.alarise.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Alabama Arise
Skip to content
Subscribe
Take Action
Donate
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
MENU
About
Who We Are
Staff
Board of Directors
Member Groups
Racial Equity & Inclusion
Employment
Contact
Issues
Budgets
Criminal Justice
Economic Opportunity
Health
Coronavirus
Medicaid Expansion
Housing
Payday & Title Lending Reform
Public Transportation
Safety Net
Tax Reform
Voting Rights
Other
Resources
All Resources
Handbooks
Reports
Fact Sheets
Newsletters
Personal Stories
Letters & Testimony
Annual Reports
Member Resources
Get Involved
Donate & Join Arise
Subscribe & Follow
Action Alerts
Bills of Interest
Issue Proposals
Upcoming Events
Past Events
News
News Releases
Daily News Digest
Arise in the News
Blog
Search
Search for:
GO
Privacy Policy
Alabama Arise (“Arise”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your online information. Some information is collected automatically when you visit us online to maintain the safety and security of our websites and to help improve their usability and contents. You may choose to share other information with us when you try to interact with the site, such as when you register for events, subscribe to email lists or make donations. This policy describes how we collect and use your information online.
If you have further questions about our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Email: info@alarise.org
U.S. Mail:
Alabama Arise
P.O. Box 1188
Montgomery, AL 36101
Information We Collect Automatically on Our Website
Like most organizations, Arise collects non-personally identifiable data in an aggregated and anonymous form when you use our website. This data may include your IP, domain, URLs visited and the date/time you visited them. We may use this information to generate aggregate reports that summarize our website traffic, which we use to improve our site and its usability for our visitors. We do not attempt to track individual users, and we do not link the web log information to any other database with the purpose of identifying individual website users.
Personal Information
Arise does not collect personal information about website visitors without their consent. In cases when such information is requested to provide a service or respond to an inquiry, visitors only need to provide the minimal information necessary to interact with us. Typically, personal information is collected to allow us to respond to inquiries and requests, or to allow you to register for events, to make online donations or to register for informational electronic mailing lists or databases.
It is our policy never to share, trade, sell or otherwise disclose personal information to third parties without a person’s informed consent except (a) where required by law (e.g. through subpoena, warrant or other legal process), or (b) to third-party service providers that host services that we use in our interactions with you, such as event registration services, email distribution providers or online donation processing tool providers. We work to ensure that these companies are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. When requested, where possible and when not forbidden by law, Arise will delete personal information from current operational systems.
Security
Arise has safeguards in place to protect the information that is under our control. We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving sensitive personal and financial data from our site. Please note, however, that security breaches can occur even if reasonable steps are taken to prevent such breaches. For example, we cannot guarantee that information provided through our sites will not be accessed without authorization on our servers or intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet. Please contact us if you believe there has been any breach of the security of our sites.
Website Tools
We may make use of web beacons. Pages of our website and the HTML-based emails and newsletters we send to you may contain small electronic files that permit us to count the users who have visited a particular page or opened an email and clicked through links. Web beacons allow us to collect information about you when you open our emails, such as your IP address, your browser or email client and other details. We use these tools to help improve our website and other materials.
Cookie Policy
Cookies consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist Arise in providing the service according to the purposes described. This website uses cookies to save the user’s session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of this website. This website also may use cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize the user’s browsing experience. Among these cookies are, for example, those used for the setting of language and currency preferences.
Some of the purposes for which cookies are installed also may require the user’s consent. Where the installation of cookies is based on consent, such consent can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
How to Provide or Withdraw Consent to the Installation of Cookies
In addition to what is specified here, users can manage preferences for cookies directly from within their own browser and prevent – for example – third parties from installing cookies. Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete cookies installed in the past, including the cookies that may have saved the initial consent for the installation of cookies by this website. Users can, for example, find information about how to manage cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Internet Explorer.
This website may use third-party services that may collect statistics in an anonymized and aggregated form and may not require the consent of the user. The installation of any third-party cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within this website is not under Arise’s technical control. Arise requests that users consult the privacy policies for those third-party services for complete information.
With regard to cookies installed by third parties, users can manage their preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the third party’s privacy policy, or by contacting the third party. Notwithstanding the above, users may follow the instructions provided on the initiatives by the EDAA (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (U.S.) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (U.S.), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. Arise recommends that users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided here.
Given the complexity surrounding the identification of technologies based on cookies, users are encouraged to contact Arise should they wish to receive any further information on the use of cookies by this website.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Arise’s website contains links to third-party sites. We assume no responsibility for the information practices of websites a user is able to access through ours. Arise encourages all users to review the privacy policies and statements of all externally linked websites.
Consent
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and electronic communications, and not to any information collected offline. By using Arise’s website, you consent to this privacy policy.
About Alabama Arise
Alabama Arise is a statewide nonprofit, nonpartisan coalition of congregations, organizations and individuals united in their belief that people in poverty are suffering because of state policy decisions. Through Arise, member groups and individual members join together to promote state policies to improve the lives of Alabamians with low incomes.
Contact
Alabama Arise
P.O. Box 1188
Montgomery, AL 36101
(334) 832-9060
Subscribe
©2018-2020 Alabama Arise. Some rights reserved.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0).
Privacy  •  Sitemap  •  Site by Bixler Creative