http://www.paine-edmonds.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Legal Notice & Terms of UseWelcome to the website [herein the/this "Site"] of Paine Edmonds LLP. By using the Site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions concerning your use of the Site. We may revise the Terms of Use at any time without notice to you.
Information PurposeThe Site and the information contained herein have been prepared by Paine Edmonds LLP for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice. Paine Edmonds LLP designed this Site to provide general, helpful information about Provincial and Federal law to members of the public in need of a lawyer admitted to practice law in the Province of British Columbia.No Solicitor-Client RelationshipThe use of this Site, and the sending or receipt of information does not create a solicitor-client relationship between you and Paine Edmonds LLP.ConfidentialityCommunication with Paine Edmonds LLP through this Site may not be considered privileged or confidential. However, a member of our firm would be pleased to discuss in greater detail the information at this Site and its application to your specific situation.JurisdictionThis Site is not intended to be an advertisement or solicitation outside the Province of British Columbia. Our practice is limited to British Columbia and Canadian Federal matters. We will not undertake the representation of any person who resides in a province where this Site fails to comply with provincial or local rules for marketing or advertising material.No GuaranteesAny statement, testimonial or endorsement contained herein does not constitute a guarantee, warranty or prediction regarding the ultimate result or outcome of your legal matter. If any result of any legal matter is portrayed in this Site, please note that the result portrayed in the advertisement was dependent on the facts of that case. The results of your case will differ, based on facts relating to your case.Internal LinksAny link from this Site to the website of a private, governmental, educational, or other non-profit entity does not state nor imply the existence of a relationship between Paine Edmonds LLP and that entity. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee the currency or accuracy of information contained on websites to which this Site provides links.Seek Legal CounselInternet subscribers and online readers should not act upon any information contained on this Site or any other website without first seeking the assistance of a lawyer who will apply the applicable law to your special circumstances. If you would like to discuss a specific legal matter, please contact us. We would be pleased to determine how our firm can be of assistance to you.