http://www.eldercare.net.au/privacy-policy/
Eldercare Inc
Home  |  Contact Us  |  News
Text Size:
+
A
-
Search
Aged Care
Retirement Living
Work for Us
Volunteer
About Eldercare
Back
Print
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
Eldercare is required by law to comply with the Privacy Act 1988 and all subsequent amendments including the Privacy Amendment (Notifiable Data Breaches) Act 2017. Eldercare respects your right to privacy, however, in order to properly attend to your needs, we may need to request personal and/or sensitive information from you. We will only request information which will assist us to provide a more comprehensive service to you.
Any information we collect about you is placed in a secure, password-protected location. Systems, policies and procedures are in place to ensure that only those who need to access your information have the ability to do so.
You may request access to our records of your personal information at any time. If you wish to view your information, this may be arranged with our staff. If you would like a greater degree of access, you will be asked to complete a form outlining your request.
You may also wish to correct or update our records of your personal information held by Eldercare. If you find an error in our records please advise us, in writing, of the error and we will update the information accordingly.
If you would like more information, or a copy of Eldercare’s Privacy Policy, please contact our Head Office on (08) 8291 1000.
Contact Information
Your email address will be recorded if you send an email message to Eldercare. Your email address will only be used to communicate with you consistent with the purpose of the email. We will not add your email address to mailing lists or provide it to anyone without your consent.
Please note that a law enforcement agency or other Government agency may exercise its legal authority to inspect the records of our Internet Service Provider (ISP).
Donations
Donations to Eldercare of $2 or more may be tax deductible. Donors will receive a receipt upon transaction.
For security purposes, credit card details will not be stored by Eldercare.
It is recommended that you check your account statement to verify that the amount/s debited from your account are correct.
Cookies and Related Technologies
We may record certain information about your use of our website, including, but not limited to, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit and information about your computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device. We do not use browsing information to personally identify you.
We may also use ‘cookies’, or similar technologies, which are small files that store information on your computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device. Cookies help us to:
log your website usage
remember your preferences
recognise you across different websites, services, devices and/or browsing sessions
Cookies are used to enhance your website experience and allow us to make improvements to the website. Cookies can also allow Eldercare information to appear on other websites you browse.
For example, we may use Google’s remarketing service at times to display our ads to you when you visit other sites in Google’s content network based on your prior use of the Eldercare website.
By continuing to use the Eldercare website, you agree to our use of cookies.
You can disable cookies through your internet browser but our website may not work as intended if you choose to do so.
Residential Care Locations
Acacia Court - HendonAllambi - GlengowrieCottage Grove - WoodcroftEvanston Park - Evanston ParkKirkholme - GoodwoodOxford - Hove
Sash Ferguson - Mount BarkerSeaford - SeafordSouth Park - MinlatonThe Lodge - WayvilleThe Village - MaitlandTrowbridge House - Payneham
Eldercare - Head Office
247 Fullarton Road
Eastwood SA 5063
P: (08) 8291 1000
F: (08) 8291 1098
admin.headoffice@eldercare.net.au
© Eldercare Inc 2020  |  About Eldercare  |  News  |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Donations  |  Credits  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer