https://www.oldchristianradio.com/privacy.htm
Old Fashioned Christian Music Radio
Arlington, Texas
Privacy
Policy
GENERAL Old
Christian Radio (OCR) respects the privacy of all of its online visitors. This
policy explains when, why, and how we use the information we collect.We
may change this policy from time to time. (Last updated on May 3, 2020)So
please check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with the
changes.  By
using our website and apps, you are agreeing to be bound by this policy. Any
questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent by
E-Mail to: mcfadden-michael@sbcglobal.net  When
connecting to the Old Christian Radio stream, your IP address will be sent to
our radio service provider in order for us to track listening trends and provide
licensing bodies with royalty reports. While tuned in, your IP is anonymised.
When you're finished listening, your IP is deleted and becomes untraceable. This data is not
sold nor passed to other companies. Non-personal information, in aggregate form,
is collected from all our online visitors.  All information gathered in this
manner is used for statistical reporting purposes and to
help improve Old Christian Radio and its sites. Paypal
will ask for personal information when making a donation or ordering products
from our online store. Any
transactions made through the PayPal system are governed by their
privacy policy and practices.  Any personal information
you give is kept PRIVATE. It will NOT be sold, rented out, nor given away
to other companies or entities. Personal
information, including bank account and credit card information, is NOT stored
nor retained on any of Old
Christian Radio's servers nor its websites. Third
party advertising is NOT served on this site. IOS
APPS The
Old Christian Radio IOS app does not collect end user data when installed or
launched on your device. ANDROID
APPS The
Old Christian Radio Android App does not collect any user data during use. In
order to provide audio control during Phone App use, the App will monitor the
'state' of the phone App (Idle, incoming call, in call, call ended) if applicable
on your device. At no point will the App be able to listen in NOR derive phone
numbers or data.The
Android app also requires access to local storage. This is to store it's
configuration for faster launch times. COOKIES   Like
many other websites, the https://www.oldchristianradio.com
website uses Cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information that websites transfer to your
hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are used to collect NON personally identifiable statistical data
that is used for statistical reporting and site improvement purposes.
The use of cookies is
now an
industry standard. Almost every major web site uses them.  It
is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. Turning
off cookies may result in a loss of functionality when using our website. LINKS
TO 3RD PARTY WEBSITES Our
website may contain links to other websites run by other organizations. (Our
privacy policy only applies to OCR's sites, apps, and our services. It does NOT
carry over to the other websites we link to.) Those other
sites are governed by their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read the
privacy statements on the other websites you visit. If you visit our website from a 3rd
party link from another website, we cannot be responsible for the privacy
policies of the site you came from.
Last
updated on May 03, 2020
Return to OCR Homepage