http://www.kingschurch.com/privacy-policy
0
Privacy Policy
This policy refers to the processing of data held on behalf of church members of visitors and not those who are contracted to Kings Church for employment.Kings Church Privacy NoticeHow Kings Church (“we”) use your information Your privacy is important to us. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of your information. It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. Data Controller The Kings Church, Operations Manager is the data controller and responsible for your personal data. They can be contacted at; The Kings Church Operations Manager,Kings Church Kingston19 Portsmouth Road,Kingston Upon Thames Surrey,KT1 2QX Email: office@kingschurch.com Telephone: 020 8541 0552The Types of Data We Collect When you become a member of Kings Church we collect your name and contact details which are stored securely at the Church office. We then invite you to join our Church online Database using the ChurchSuite Software platform (https://churchsuite.com) which also contains your contact data. This data is under your control through a login that is unique to you. Your contact details will be removed from the database once you are no longer a member of the church. We will contact you annually to check that the information we are holding is accurate and that you still agree to us holding it.This database also allows for you to enter the details of your children under 18 years of age. If they volunteer to join a church group or activity with your consent, we may contact them directly in relation to this activity. You will be informed when we do this. To enable us to provide adequate pastoral support to you and your family, the church leaders* may record information which may be regarded as sensitive. This information will be stored on password protected media on church computers and locked cabinets at the church offices. Computer passwords will only be known by the individual church leaders, trustees or staff team. This information will NOT be disclosed to anyone else without your consent. If you sign up for a Church Event we will ask for your contact details so that we can inform you about the event. If you sign up your children for a church activity this is done on a paper form which is then transferred to Church Suite. The paper version of the information you supply will be held in a folder which will be kept in a securely locked cupboard in the church office. Only the youth leaders will have access to this information. The forms will be destroyed once the activity has finished unless an incident arises which means we need to legally retain them. For employees – we collect the following personal information - your name, telephone number, address, email address and bank account details and characteristics – your gender, country of birth, religion etc. The personal data you provide in your application and as part of the recruitment process will only be held and processed for the purpose of selection processes and in connection with any subsequent employment or placement, unless otherwise indicated. Your data will be retained only for as long as is permitted by UK legislation and then destroyed. The Legal Grounds for Processing Your Data We are collecting this information to enable the church to keep in touch with you and provide pastoral support as appropriate. Data Protection legislation allows us to process this information as we regard it as being in the church’s legitimate interest. Using Church Suite also allows you to give us Consent to use your information to keep you informed about the activities of the church. When we collect information on your children it will be to enable the church to run children’s activities safely and ensure we can contact you in case of an emergency. Data Protection legislation allows us to process this information as we regard it as being in the church’s legitimate interest. If you are unable to supply the information requested then we will be unable to accept your child at our children’s activities. For employees we collect your information to enable us to enter into a contract of employment with you. If you are unable to provide this information then we will be unable to enter into that contract. Why are we collecting your data? We collect personal data to provide appropriate pastoral care, to monitor and assess the quality of our services, to fulfil our purposes as a church and to comply with the law. In legal terms this is called ‘legitimate interests’. When it is required, we may also ask you for your consent to process your data. We do not share your information with others except as described in this notice. The categories of information that we may collect, hold and share include: • Personal information (such as name, telephone number, address and email address) • Characteristics (such as gender, ethnicity, language, nationality, country of birth) • Special categories of personal data (such as your religious beliefs) Storing your data We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. We hold your data for varying lengths of time depending on the type of information in question but in doing so we always comply with Data Protection legislation. Details of retention periods are available in our retention policy which you can request by contacting us at the address below. We will contact you annually to check that the information we are holding is accurate and that you agree to us holding it. Security of your data We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees or trustees who need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and the ICO where we are legally required to do so. Who do we share your information with? We will not share your information with third parties without your consent unless the law requires us to do so. We are required to share financial information with HMRC, our accountants and auditors. Your data is held on the Church Suite cloud platform. The software is owned by ChurchApp Ltd and the data is under your control through your unique login. The Kings Church Office uses Google drive and Google docs for sharing data between church leaders and administrators. These documents are accessed by a unique password known only to the individual member of staff through password and virus protected computers. Requesting access to your personal data Under Data Protection legislation, you have the right to request access to information about you that we hold. To make a request for your personal information contact Kings Church Operations Manager at the address above. You also have the right to: • object to processing of personal data that is likely to cause, or is causing, damage or distress • prevent processing for the purpose of direct marketing • object to decisions being taken by automated means • in certain circumstances, have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed; and • claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of the Data Protection regulations. For further information on how your information is used, how we maintain the security of your information and your rights to access information we hold on you please contact Kings Church Operations Manager at the address above. If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, you should raise your concern with us in the first instance or directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ ContactIf you would like to discuss anything in this privacy notice, please contact The Kings Church Operations Manager at the address above. Changes to This Privacy Notice We review our data protection policy annually. The last review date was September 5th, 2020. *Church Leaders include appointed Pastors, Elders, Trustees, Office Staff and Appointed Ministry Leaders