http://www.goellaw.com/home/privacy_policy/
Goel & Anderson, LLC
Blog
Contact
Directions
Client Login
Home
U.S. Immigration
Permanent Residence
Employment Visas
Investor Visas
Student Visas
Fiancee Visas
Visitor Visas
Naturalization
Consular Matters
Mandamus Actions
Problem Cases & RFEs
Global Immigration
Global Employee Mobility
International Business Visas
Compliance Solutions
E-Verify and I-9
Worksite Enforcement
Employer Sanctions
Export Controls
Due Dilligence Audits
Resources
Immigration News
Immigration FAQs
Case Studies
Government Agency Resources
Immigration Channel Blog
About Us
Our People
Our Fees
Our Values
Technology
Pro Bono Cases
Careers
Contact Our Office
Directions
Client Testimonials
Request a Consultation
Employers
Individuals
Privacy Policy
This notice sets forth the privacy policy of Goel & Anderson, LLC with respect to personally identifiable information gathered on this website and also describes the collection on the website of certain information that is not identifiable to a particular individual. The notice explains how Goel & Anderson, LLC collects such information and the purposes for and circumstances in which we use and disclose the information. In the notice, we refer to each user of the website as "you" and his or her personally identifiable information as "your personal information."
Your use of this website indicates your agreement with the terms and conditions set forth in this notice, so please do not use the website if you do not agree with these terms and conditions.
How We Collect Personal Information:
A.  Information Collected Automatically
We log each website visitor's domain and IP address automatically. This information does not identify you as an individual, but only the computer that is being used to view the site. We use this information (such as the type of browser used, the type of operating system used, and the domain name of the Internet service provider) for internal statistical analysis only, such as to see where the website is being used geographically. We do not link the information automatically logged by such means with any personally identifiable data about you.
B.  Information Collected Through Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard-drive. The cookies we use do not collect any personally identifying information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookies do not extract any information from your computer. We use cookies on our website in conjunction with the automatically collected unique anonymous identifiers referred to above for web traffic statistics purposes. Many commonly available browsers permit you to reject cookies from this site, and you may use this site with that feature of the browser enabled, by following the instructions on the "Help" menu bar of the browser. However, you understand and agree that if you choose to reject all cookies, you may be unable to use some of the features and content on the website.
C.  Information You Submit to Us
When you request information from us through this website, or if you use those features of the site that allow you to communicate with us by electronic mail or otherwise, we will need some of your personal information to respond to your request. If, therefore, you choose to use these features, you will need to provide us with certain personal information necessary in order for us to communicate with you. Note that you are under no obligation to provide us with this information, but without it, we will not be able to take the action requested.
For example, we will need your personal information in order to send you firm newsletters, advisories, or notices of our seminars or other events ("Goel & Anderson Information"). For this purpose, we collect such information as your name, address, phone and fax numbers, and e-mail address. We collect this information only to accommodate your requests
In requesting your personal information in order to fulfill your request to receive Goel & Anderson Information in electronic format, we require that you click on a "Submit" button at the relevant part of the site to communicate your consent to the use of your personal information to accommodate your request. You will be given an opportunity to unsubscribe from receipt of Goel & Anderson Information in electronic format on each occasion that we contact you by email.
If you are interested in applying for a job at the firm and choose to submit your personal and employment information by email or our online application system, we will use it only for the internal application review process. Note that we may retain unsuccessful applications for a certain period of time (usually 6 to 12 months), and during that time, unless you ask us not to, we may also keep your résumé (or curriculum vitae) under review in the event that a suitable new vacancy arises in which you might be interested.
D.  Information from Minors
The Goel & Anderson, LLC website is directed to adults.  If you are under the age of eighteen, please do not provide us with any of your personal information, including your e-mail address.
When and Where We May Transfer Personal Information
We use certain third-party organizations (such as mail service companies and event organizers)  ("Service Providers") to assist us in providing you with the materials you request from us and in organizing events.  If you have provided us with personal information for these purposes, we will share that information with such organizations in order that they may help us make the necessary arrangements.  We have included in our agreements with these third parties requirements that they protect the privacy and security of your personal information in strict accordance with our own privacy policy as set forth herein.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law or to comply with legal process.
Policy Modifications
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy as may be appropriate.  If such modification includes any significant, material changes, we will provide notice of the update on the homepage of our website.  You should check the policy frequently to ensure that you are familiar with its current content.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This site may include links to other sites operated by third parties. We are not responsible for information on these sites, nor for services or products offered by them. Use of such sites, including transmitting your personal data to them is at  your own risk. A different Privacy Policy may apply to linked sites.
U.S. Immigration
Global Immigration
Compliance Solutions
Resources
About Us
Request a Consultation
© 2020 Goel & Anderson, LLC Privacy Policy Disclaimer Sitemap
Goel & Anderson, LLC's practice is limited exclusively to matters involving immigration and nationality law.  The materials contained on this website are for informational purposes only and do not constitute legal advice. These materials may be considered attorney advertising in some jurisdictions.  When the result achieved in a case is mentioned, that result depended on (among other factors) the facts of that case.  In other cases, the result may differ.  Your use of this website does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and Goel & Anderson.