http://www.midrash.org/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Midrash BEN ISH HAI, hereinafter referred to as MBIH, respects
the privacy of users who visit its sites. We have created this privacy
statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The
following outlines our information gathering and dissemination practices
for this website.
Collection of Usage Data: MBIH servers automatically gather information
about which sites customers visit on the Internet and which pages
are visited within an MBIH Web Site. MBIH will never willfully sell
or rent personally identifiable information about you to any third
party without first receiving your permission, except when we believe
in good faith that the law requires it, or to protect the rights
or property of MBIH. From time to time, we ask users to provide
their e-mail address or mailing address for the purpose of conducting
a survey or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions
to e-mail newsletters or information about events and seminars,
etc.). Whenever the identity of a visitor is recorded, we will clearly
indicate the purpose of the request before the information is requested.
If you choose to supply your postal address and email address in
an online form, you may receive mailings from MBIH, its affiliates
or other reputable organizations.
The MBIH sites collects demographic and profile data. This information
is used to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, and to assist
us in bringing appropriate content to them, based on their preferences.
This does not personally identify specific users and is also used
for statistical purposes to help determine how many people are visiting
the various areas of the website.
Security: MBIH has implemented technology and security features,
including the use of safe Secure Socket SSL transactions for on
line ordering, and we will continue to enhance our security procedures
as new technology becomes available to us.
Cookies: Cookies are small text files that a web site stored
locally on a computer. Our sites use cookies to deliver content
specific to your interests, to save your password if you do not
wish to to re-enter it each time you visit our site, and for other
purposes. We also use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
Links: MBIH provides links to other sites. MBIH is not responsible
for the practices or the content of such Web sites.
Improper Conduct: MBIH may also use customer identifiable information
to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or
activity that threatens the network or otherwise violates the customer
agreement for that service.
In addition, safeguards are made to ensure that the terms of
use of the site are respected, including, but not limited to monitoring
all areas of the site. Inasmuch as specific individuals are found
to be in contravention of the terms of use of the site, MBIH reserves
the right to track whatever information is deemed necessary to prevent
them from using the site, including but not limited to, Name, IP
address ISP, Street Address and email address.
Activity is monitored periodically to ensure that it conforms
to the rules, spirit, terms and conditions of the site. Any one
found to be in violation may be asked to desist from using the site.
Special terms may apply in different areas of the site, in which
case they will be clearly posted.
Public Forums: The MBIH sites site may make chat rooms, forums,
message boards, and/or news groups available to its visitors. All
information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information
and you must exercise caution when posting personal information.
MBIH does not pre-screen its users and does not verify their
personal information. If you have any contact with any of its users,
it is your resonponsibility to clarify this to your own satisfaction.
By using the MBIH site or by submitting any personal information
you are agreeing that neither MBIH  nor any of its associates
are liable for any damages, direct or indirect arising from a meeting
or communication with other users or members of MBIH or Affiliated
to MBIH. This includes, without any limitation, any damages that
may arise from using MBIH services.
Children: MBIH is committed to protecting the privacy of children.
As there are many areas of our websites that children may visit,
we urge parents to take an active role to protect the privacy and
security of their children and to prevent the inappropriate use
of information about their children. MBIH supports the use of technologies
that help parents to control the collection and use of personal
information from children who use online services in their households.
Opt out: MBIH provides visitors the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving communications from us. Users can indicate that they do
not wish to receive e-mail information from MBIH by following the
instructions at the end of our emails or by using our contact form.
To stop receiving postal mail, please use our contact form at http://www.midrash.org/contact.html
and provide us with the details of your name and mailing address
and specify that you wish to be removed from the postal mailing
list.
For more information: If you have any questions, concerns or
comments, please contact us via http://www.midrash.org/contact.html
Home
© Copyright
Midrash BEN ISH HAI