http://www.tldb.de/disclaimer--legal-information--privacy_ID22/
This page uses so called "cookies" to improve its service (i.e. "tracking").
Learn more and opt out of tracking
I agree
Toggle navigation
Principles
1551
Bibliography
1024
Materials
86
Archive
62
Disclaimer / Legal informationDisclaimer / Legal informationWhilst we do make every effort to provide accurate material you are advised that:
You USE OR RELY UPON THESE MATERIALS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
No assurance or warranty is given as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information provided.
You are advised to verify any information that is provided here against original documents.
Links to Third Party Sites: TransLex contains links to third party Web sites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under control of the CENTRAL and the CENTRAL is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Sites. TransLex is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by CENTRAL of the site or any association with its operators.
Materials provided by TransLex: TransLex does not claim ownership of the materials posted, uploaded, imputted or submitted herein.
Liability disclaimer: We do not make any representations about the suitability, reliability, availability and accuracy of the information contained in TransLex. All such information are provided without warranty of any kind. We hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information. In no event shall CENTRAL be liable for any damages, if direct of indirect, arising out of or in any way connected with use or performance of TransLex.
Privacy Statement
- MATOMO (used to be PIWIK) -
Our website uses Matomo, which is a so-called web analytics service. Piwik uses so-called "cookies", which are text files which are stored on your computer and which, in turn, allow us to analyze the use of the website. For this purpose, the usage information generated by the cookie (including your abbreviated IP address) is transferred to our server and stored for purposes of analysis purposes. Your IP address will be immediately anonymised during this process so that you remain anonymous to us as a user. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will not be passed on to third parties. We only use those data to see how many visitors come from specific countries, what parts of our webseite are visited more than others and so on. You may prevent the use of cookies by means of an appropriate setting of your browser software, but it may be that in this case you may not be able to fully utilize all the functions of this website.
If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of this data from your visit, you can always object to the storage and use at the click of a mouse. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie is stored in your browser, which means that Matomo does not collect any session data.
Attention: If you delete your cookies, this also means that the opt-out cookie is also deleted and, if necessary, you must be activated again.
Disable the Matomo-tracking:
- Search queries -This site stores any used search query in an anonymized way in order to enhance the search function. This Data is exclusively used for internal purposes and is not given to any third party. We only want to monitor search queries that do not match our database and search queries entered several times. This helps us to improve this website.
See for more information regarding privacy: https://www.portal.uni-koeln.de/datenschutz1.html
How to search - Contact - Team - Trustees - Disclaimer / Legal information / Privacy - Twitter - FacebookA project of CENTRAL, University of Cologne.