http://www.keleher-law.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 7 July, 2015
This Privacy Statement describes how Madison & Mroz, a Professional Association (“Madison & Mroz”) collects, uses, and discloses certain personal information obtained through our public web site at www.madisonlaw.com. This Privacy Statement does not address information collection through other sources such as in-person consultations or an attorney’s personal contacts.
Personal Information Collection and Use
In general, you can visit our Web Sites without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Please note that if you send an email or other communication to a Madison & Mroz address obtained through this website, your communication will not create a lawyer-client relationship with us. Do not send us any information that you or anyone else considers to be confidential unless we have first agreed to be your lawyers in that matter. Any information you send us before we agree to be your lawyers cannot be protected from disclosure.
International Data Transfers
These Web Sites are hosted on our web servers in the United States. If you are located in a non-US jurisdiction, your provision of Personal Information or other access to our Web Sites constitutes your transfer of such data to the United States, a jurisdiction that may not provide a level of data protection equivalent to the laws in your home country.
Security Measures
Madison & Mroz maintains appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information you may include in emails sent to one of our attorneys through our Web Site, including against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration.
Revisions to this Privacy Statement
Madison & Mroz reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check the Privacy Statement frequently, particularly before you submit additional personal information via the Web Site. All revisions to this Privacy Statement will be posted on the web site via a link from the homepage. We also display the effective date of the Privacy Statement on the top of this page.
Running Horses © 1989: Gray Mercer A sculpture provided for the City of Albuquerque Public Art Collection by Keleher & McLeod, PA. On display at the Albuquerque International Airport.
Uploading Your Photo