http://www.holdingredlich.com.au/legal-notices
Artboard 1Icon/UI/CalendarIcons/Ionic/Social/social-pinterest
What are you searching for?
Legal Notices
Disclaimer
All material that is provided in this web site is intended for informational purposes only. The provision of material is for general guidance and interest and should not be relied upon to constitute legal advice. The transmission of material from this web site is not intended to create a solicitor-client relationship between Holding Redlich and the receiver of information. Appropriate professional legal advice should be sought before taking any action in relation to any of the subject matter contained in this web site.While effort is made to regularly up-date the contents of this web site, Holding Redlich does not guarantee that the material is correct and up to date, and the receiver of information should be aware that the law is liable to frequent change.Where this web site contains links to other web sites, Holding Redlich does not accept any responsibility for the material on such sites. Holding Redlich does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy or currency of material contained on any other linked web sites. Holding Redlich makes no representation that the material contained on other web sites does not infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party.Holding Redlich owns all copyright subsisting in material contained on this web site, except where indicated otherwise. Any reproduction of material from this web site must be only for non-commercial or private use and must ensure that Holding Redlich is appropriately acknowledged.
Privacy Policy
1 - Collecting personal informationThe information you provide to us is collected to enhance your use of the Site, to improve the Site and to keep you informed of upcoming events and our activities that might be relevant to you.  It is also collected to allow us to provide the functions and services offered on the Site to you. Other personal information we collect is for the purpose of providing legal services.  We will generally collect personal information directly from you. This may include your contact details and sensitive information such as health information or professional or trade association memberships.We may also collect personal information from third parties such as your representatives or publicly available sources of information.If someone other than you provides us with personal information about you that we did not ask for and we determine that we could have collected this information from you had we asked for it, we will notify you as soon as practicable.  However, this notice will not be provided if doing so would be a breach of an obligation of confidence.  If we could not have collected this personal information, we will lawfully de-identify or destroy that personal information.We will only collect sensitive information revealing your race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships or details of health or disability if:
you have given express consent to us to do so and the information is reasonably necessary for us to carry out our functions or activities;
the use of this information is required or authorised under Australian law or a court or tribunal order; or
the information is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim.
We will not collect personal information unless the information is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to, one or more of our functions or activities. If we are unable to collect personal information we reasonably require, we may not be able to do business with you or the organisation with which you are connected.2 - CookiesWhen you visit the Site the server may attach a "cookie" to your computer's memory. A “cookie” assists us to store information on how visitors to the Site use it and the pages that may be of most interest.  This information may be used to provide users of your computer with information that we think may interest them.  If you choose, you should be able to configure your computer so that it disables “cookies” or does not accept them.3 - Use and disclosure of informationWe use personal information to provide legal services.We will not disclose information that personally identifies you to any third party other than as set out in this Privacy Policy.  In order to deliver legal services, we may disclose your personal information to other organisations but only in relation to providing our services to you.  This disclosure may include providing your personal information to barristers and experts.  We take reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information. We may provide certain information about you including your personal information to our related bodies corporate.In the event of a security incident involving unauthorised access, use or disclosure of personal information where a third party with whom we share personal information is involved, we will seek to work cooperatively with them to protect the personal information we have shared with them.4 - Direct marketingWe may use personal information about you for the primary purpose of providing you with our services. We may also use it for other purposes for which you might reasonably expect us to use that information. This includes sending you information about new developments, products, services and special offers by post, telephone or any form of electronic communication. You authorise us to use any email address or other contact information you provide to us at any time for this purpose.You can, at any time, opt out of receiving material by contacting us. You agree and acknowledge that even if you opt out of receiving marketing material, we will still send you essential information that we are required to send you relating to the services we provide. Once you opt out of receiving marketing material from us, you agree and acknowledge that this removal from our distribution lists may take several business days after the date you request to be removed.5 - Accuracy of your informationWe take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information held by us is accurate, complete and up to date. If you believe that any of your personal information is inaccurate, please contact us and we will take reasonable steps to correct it within a reasonable time.6 - Third Parties and your informationWe will only collect, store, use or disseminate information that personally identifies you as set out in this Privacy Policy unless we are required by law to protect our rights or property (or those of any third party) or to avoid injury to any person.This Site may link directly to websites operated by third parties (Linked Sites). You acknowledge that Linked Sites are not operated by us. We encourage you to always read the applicable privacy policy of any Linked Site. We are not responsible for the content or practices of the Linked Sites or their privacy policies regarding the collection, storage, use and dissemination of your personal information.7 - Transfer of Information OverseasWe use third party service providers who may disclose your personal information to parties in foreign countries. By providing personal information to us you consent to this disclosure.8 - Your consentBy your use of the Site and our services, you acknowledge that the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information will be in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as otherwise permitted under the Privacy Act. 9 - Storage and securityWe will use all reasonable endeavours to keep your personal information in a secure environment, however, this security cannot be guaranteed. Our procedures are designed to prevent your personal information being accessed by unauthorised personnel, lost or misused. If you reasonably believe that there has been unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information please contact us (see below).If we no longer need your personal information, unless we are required under Australian law or a court or tribunal order to retain it, we will, take reasonable steps to destroy or securely delete your personal information in accordance with our document retention policy.Notwithstanding the reasonable steps taken to keep information secure, breaches may occur. In the event of a security incident we have in place procedures to promptly investigate the incident and determine if there has been a data breach involving personal information, and if so, to assess if it is a breach that would require notification. If it is, we will notify affected parties in accordance with Privacy Act requirements.10 - Variation We may vary the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. You should check this Privacy Policy regularly so that you are aware of any variations made to this Privacy Policy. 11 - Access to information we hold about youIf you request access to the personal information we hold about you, we will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time and, where reasonable and practicable, give access to the information in the manner you request. This will be subject to any exemptions allowed under the Privacy Act. You may request this information by writing to our Privacy Officer:Joel Lentin
Holding Redlich
Level 8, 555 Bourke Street
Melbourne Vic 3000or sending an email to us at joel.lentin@holdingredlich.comWe may charge a reasonable fee for providing that information.When contacting us, you have the option to either not identify yourself or to use a pseudonym. However, this will not apply if it is impracticable for us to communicate with you that way or if we are required or authorised under Australian law (or a court or tribunal order) to only deal with individuals who have identified themselves.
Holding Redlich © 2020
Legal Notices
Sitemap
Contact Us