https://www.thoughtco.com/what-is-illegal-immigration-721472
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
John Moore/Getty Images
Issues
Immigration
Immigration Politics
Inmigración en Español
The U. S. Government
U.S. Foreign Policy
U.S. Liberal Politics
U.S. Conservative Politics
Women's Issues
Civil Liberties
The Middle East
Terrorism
Race Relations
Crime & Punishment
Canadian Government
View More
By
Tom Head
Civil Liberties Expert
Ph.D., Religion and Society, Edith Cowan University
M.A., Humanities, California State University - Dominguez Hills
B.A., Liberal Arts, Excelsior College
Tom Head, Ph.D., is a historian specializing in the history of ethics, religion, and ideas. He has authored or co-authored 29 nonfiction books, including "Civil Liberties: A Beginner's Guide."
our editorial process
Tom Head
Updated January 30, 2019
Illegal immigration is the act of living in a country without government permission. In most U.S. contexts, illegal immigration refers to the presence of 12 million undocumented Mexican-American immigrants in the United States. Lack of documentation is what makes illegal immigration illegal; Mexican workers, recruited by U.S. corporations since the 1830s, have historically been allowed by the government to cross the border to work indefinitely -- initially on railroads and later on farms -- without interference.
Immigration Enforcement
Lawmakers have recently made more of an effort to enforce immigration paperwork requirements, partly as a result of terrorism-related fears stemming from the September 11th attacks, partly because of the emergence of Spanish as a second national language, and partly because of concerns among some voters that the United States is becoming less demographically white.
Efforts to crack down on immigration paperwork violations have made life more difficult for U.S. Latinos, three-quarters of whom are U.S. citizens or legal residents. In a 2007 study, the Pew Hispanic Center conducted a poll among Latinos in which 64 percent of respondents stated that the immigration enforcement debate had made their lives, or the lives of those close to them, more difficult.
Anti-immigration rhetoric has also had an effect on the white supremacist movement. The Ku Klux Klan has reorganized around the issue of immigration and is subsequently experiencing tremendous growth. According to FBI statistics, hate crimes against Latinos also increased by 35 percent between 2001 and 2006.
At the same time, however, the current state of the law with respect to undocumented immigrants is unacceptable -- both because of the security risk posed by a completely porous border and because of the marginalization and labor abuses that undocumented immigrants often encounter. Efforts have been made to extend citizenship to undocumented immigrants under certain conditions, but these efforts have so far been blocked by policymakers who favor large-scale deportation.
Do Undocumented Immigrants Have Constitutional Rights?
How Minority Voters Helped Obama Win Reelection
What Is Birthright Citizenship in the United States?
What Is the Proper Term: Illegal or Undocumented Immigrant?
Do Illegal Immigrants Pay Taxes?
8 Arguments Against Immigration Reform
Rule Shortens Time Immigrants Separated from American Family
The Path to Legalization for Illegal Immigrants
The Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986
Is Medical Help for Illegal Immigrants Covered Under Obamacare?
Common Myths and Stereotypes About Hispanics and Immigration
A Brief Overview of Sanctuary Cities
How Many Immigrants Are Living in the United States Illegally?
Should the U.S. Census Count Undocumented Immigrants?
Operation Wetback: The Largest Mass Deportation in U.S. History
Can Immigrants Vote in Federal, State, or Local Elections?