http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1994/05.94
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
May 1994
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
Editor-in-Chief: Professor Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law
School, 57 Worth Street, New York, N.Y. 10013
ASLeonard@aol.com
Circulation: Audrey Hartmann, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003.
212-353-9118
(C) 1994 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755-9021
Contributing Editor:
Colin Crawford, Instructor, Brooklyn Law School
Contributing Writers:
Paula L. Ettelbrick, Public Policy Director, National Center for
Lesbian Rights, and Adjunct Professor, NY Law School
Kevin Isom, Esq., Atlanta
Kenneth Rutman, Adjunct Professor, New York Law School
William M. Millard, Esq., New York City
Todd V. Lamb, Student, New York Law School
Robert Bourguignon, Student, Brooklyn Law School
Angela Thompson, Student, Brooklyn Law School
Dirk Williams, Student Northeastern Law School, Boston
LOUISIANA APPEALS COURT EDITS SEX-EDUCATION CURRICULUM
In Coleman v. Caddo Parish School Board, 1994 La.App. LEXIS 756
(March 31), the Louisiana Court of Appeals, 2nd Cir., took the
extraordinary step of editing public school sex education texts,
in accordance with a state statute.
In what is known as the
"Caddo Sex Education Case," plaintiffs are Caddo Parish parents
whose children attend schools operated by the defendant.
The
parents contended that many passages in the curriculum, Sex
Respect: The Option of True Sexual Freedom, for use in 7th and
8th grades, and Facing Reality: A New Approach to the Real World
for Today's Teen, for use in 10th grade, violated La. Rev. Stat.
17:281.
The curriculum's publisher intervened, joining the Board
as a defendant.
Writing for the court, Judge C.J. Marvin stated
that "the controversy arose simply because the legislature,
however inartfully, by specific mandates and prohibitions, has
said what a sex education curriculum shall and shall not
contain."
The court effectively affirmed the trial court by
amending and recasting its judgment to make specific the grant of
declaratory and injunctive relief.
LRS 17:281 provides that public schools may offer sex education
in grades 7 and up, if instruction is offered as part of an
existing course such as biology or phys ed.
It defines sex
education as "the dissemination of factual biological or
pathological information that is related to the human
reproduction system and may include the study of sexually
transmitted disease, pregnancy, childbirth, puberty,
menstruation, and menopause."
The statute recites the
legislature's intent that sex education "shall not include
religious beliefs, practices in human sexuality, nor the
subjective moral and ethical judgments of the instructor or other
persons.
Students shall not be tested, quizzed, or surveyed
about their personal or family beliefs or practices in sex,
morality, or religion."
In addition, the major emphasis in sex
education "shall be to encourage sexual abstinence between
unmarried persons."
Finally, no sex education "shall in any way
counsel or advocate abortion."
The case and appeal, said Judge
Marvin, present only statutory and not constitutional issues --
specifically, whether passages in the curriculum violated the
specific commands of the statute.
The evidence came from
stipulations, documents and expert witnesses, rather than lay
witnesses.
The experts included M.D.'s, a rabbi, and two
Ph.D.'s.
The appeals court first addressed those passages that plaintiffs
alleged included religious beliefs or subjective moral and
ethical judgments.
The trial court's analysis, affirmed on
appeal, allowed passages encouraging individual behavior choices
based on reasoning, self-esteem and respect for others to remain
in the curricula, as long as the statements did not include
religious beliefs or subjective moral and ethical judgments.
For
example, the both courts found the following passage not
violative: "As human beings, we gain confidence by doing what is
right according to the laws of nature."
By contrast, the appeals
court found other passages violative.
For example, the appeals
court examined a passage that stated: "Well, no one can deny that
nature is making some kind of comment on sexual behavior through
AIDS and herpes epidemics."
At trial, one expert opined that
"nature" was used as a substitute for "God."
Both courts found
that the passage referenced religious beliefs, was not used in
the secular meaning or connotation, and thus included religious
beliefs or subjective moral judgments.
Other passages found to
violate the statute for the same reason included the following:
(1) "AIDS flourishes upon a moral landscape that places many
sexual choices on a level terrain.
AIDS will be most
successfully contained within a moral landscape that makes it
clear that self-serving sexual preferences are not on a level
with self-discipline and commitment." (2) "As the AIDS plague and
herpes are proving, faithful marital relations are good not only
for society's moral tone, but for the individual's health too."
Both courts also found the latter passage to be factually
inaccurate, along with the following passage: "To date, there has
been no definitive study done on if, or how well, the condom
might prevent the spread of AIDS."
The trial court interpreted
the statutory requirement of factual accuracy to include both
facial and effective accuracy.
The appeals court affirmed that
interpretation.
The trial court and appeals court reached different results,
however, when they looked at the following passages from the
parent/teacher guide addressing homosexuality: (1) "The teacher
should not be afraid to address the subject of homosexuality. . .
Students should be directed to the choice that best serves the
individual and the community.
This is clearly the choice to
abstain from homosexual activity, just as they should abstain
from heterosexual activity."
(2) "Discussions of the compassion
and respect due to all persons should certainly include those who
identify themselves as homosexual.
To subjectively judge any
individual is certainly not within the purview of any teacher.
To objectively discuss the wisdom of certain choices is.
A
promiscuous lifestyle is an unhealthy lifestyle, regardless of
the sex of one's partners."
The trial court concluded that any
discussion about whether a student's choice regarding sexual
orientation "best serves the individual and the community" or is
"wise" would include religious beliefs or subjective moral and
ethical judgments.
The Board countered that the passages simply
promoted abstinence.
The appeals court accepted the Board's
interpretation, stating that the choice to be discussed with
students is abstinence, not sexual orientation.
"Neither
passage," wrote Judge Marvin, "purports to make religious, moral
or ethical statements or judgments about homosexuality."
As to the statutory prohibition against quizzing students about
sexual, moral or religious beliefs or practices, the appeals
court found that the statute is not directed at what shall or
shall not be taught to students, but rather at what shall not be
elicited from students.
The prohibition does not suggest that
students may not discuss or be questioned about factually
accurate course material, as long as they are not asked to
disclose their personal or family beliefs or practices in sex,
morality or religion.
The appeals court found that only two of
the passages stricken by the trial court were properly stricken
for eliciting such disclosures: (1) "What does it mean to be
mature?" and (2) "Do condoms make sexual activity moral?"
Appealing the trial court's findings that certain passages
violated the statute, the Board argued that the court should have
given great deference to the Board's decisions.
The appeals
court, however, found that while the Board is implicitly
authorized to assess educational merit of sex education curricula
and to select one or more to be taught in its schools, that
authority does not shield the curriculum from judicial scrutiny
when it is alleged to violate the law.
The legislature, said the
court, had not delegated, but rather had retained, the authority
to define sex education and establish basic guidelines for its
content.
The Board also argued that testimony by the author of
Facing Reality about the effectiveness of both curricula in
reducing or delaying the onset of teen sexual activity was
improperly excluded.
The Board suggested that the author's
testimony was relevant to show whether the curriculum reflected
the author's subjective moral and ethical judgments.
The appeals
court rejected this argument, noting that the statute does not
require that the curricula be effective, and that relevance is
determined in the discretion of the trial court.
Having concluded that some passages violated the statute and
others did not, the appeals court ordered the Board to remove or
delete the specific violative passages, as well as the same
passages where they were substantially reproduced in another book
or books of each respective curriculum, before again permitting
their use.
Judge J. Hightower, dissenting in part and concurring
in part, felt that the majority opinion went too far in editing
passages from the curricula.
Writing that "judges are not
educators and the judiciary is not omniscient," Hightower
concluded that the statute should be narrowly construed so as to
interfere with school board discretion only in instances where a
clear and unequivocal violation is shown.
If statutory
correctness is merely questionable, Hightower would have the
court defer to the judgment of the school board.
K.I.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Colorado Court of Appeals: Domestic Partner Not Part Of
"Immediate Family"
In December 1991, Mary Ross, a social worker employed by the
Denver Department of Health and Hospitals, applied for family
sick leave benefits when she took three days off to care for her
domestic partner.
The Department denied Ross' application since
her domestic partner was not a member of Ross' immediate family
as defined in the Career Service Authority Rules.
The decision
was reversed on appeal by the Career Service Authority, which
found that the definition of "immediate family" in the Rules
resulted in Ross' being discriminated against on the basis of
sexual orientation, in violation of an anti-discrimination rule.
This was reversed by the Career Service Board.
Ross sought
review of the Board's decision in the district court, which
reversed the Board's decision.
This decision was appealed yet
again.
On appeal, the first issue the court addressed was whether the
Authority's rule, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation, superseded the definition of immediate
family.
Ross v. Denver Department of Health and Hospitals, et
al., 1994 WL 115870 (Colo. App., April 7).
"Immediate family"
includes a husband or wife, but not a domestic partner.
Ross
argued that denial of sick leave to care for her domestic partner
was discrimination based on her sexual orientation because
employees are entitled to take sick leave to care for members of
their immediate family.
The court found that there was no intent
for the rule to supersede the definition of immediate family.
It
further held that there was no evidence that the regulatory
definition of immediate family discriminated on the basis of
sexual orientation, since the definition in the rule applied
equally to homosexual and heterosexual employees.
The court
emphasized that the differentiation in the definition was not
founded on distinctions between heterosexual and homosexual
employees, but rather on distinctions between married and
unmarried employees.
Ross argued that her inability to marry her same-sex partner
distinguished her situation from that of an unmarried
heterosexual.
The court rejected this argument, stating that it
was really a "perceived unfairness of the state's marital laws"
for which the state legislature is responsible.
Ross also urged
the court to adopt a more expansive, sociologically based
definition of family, like the N.Y. Court of Appeals in Braschi
v. Stahl Associates. The court declined to do so, explaining that
since the term family is defined in the Rule, the courts are not
free to design a new definition.
Finally, Ross argued that the
definition of "immediate family" violated the equal protection
and due process guarantees of the Colorado and United States
Constitutions because it created a class of persons who were
denied sick leave benefits on the basis of sexual orientation.
The court reiterated that the discriminatory result that Ross
experienced stemmed from her marital status rather than her
sexual orientation.
A.T.
Court Criticizes "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," Protects Plaintiffs
From Discharge
The Clinton Administrationþs "donþt ask, donþt tell, donþt
pursue" policy directed at gays in the military flunked its first
court test April 4 when a federal district judge in NY ruled that
6 service members could not be discharged simply for declaring
they were lesbian and gay in order to challenge the policy. In
Able v. United States, 1994 WL 112117 (E.D.N.Y.), the plaintiffs,
two on active duty and four reservists, asserted the policy
violated their constitutional rights to free speech and equal
protection.
District Judge Eugene H. Nickerson issued a
preliminary injunction blocking the Pentagon from discharging or
otherwise punishing the plaintiffs until the suit was resolved.
Nickerson did not rule on the merits, but his opinion pointedly
questioned the policyþs supposed distinction between "homosexual
orientation" and "homosexual conduct."
Although Defense De-
partment directives and guidelines say "homosexual orientation is
not a bar" to service, any statement by a service member that he
or she is gay "creates a rebuttable presumption" that the person
"engages in homosexual acts or has a propensity or intent to do
so," which is grounds for discharge. In practice, the court said,
that presumption would be virtually impossible to rebut: "To
invite someone to prove that he or she does not have an inborn
tendency seems like a hollow offer." Under the policy, merely
stating oneþs orientation in order to challenge the law is
considered homosexual conduct. "The message to those with such an
orientation appears to be not to avoid private homosexual acts
but to stay in the closet."
In granting the preliminary injunction, the court found that the
claim raised sufficiently serious questions about the violation
of the plaintiffsþ 1st and 5th Amendment rights.
Free speech
rights were implicated, Nickerson said, when service members
cannot even speak against the policy in court without facing
discharge.
And serious equal protection questions existed as
well, the court said, citing other decisions holding that the
militaryþs distinction between homosexuals and heterosexuals has
no rational basis, e.g., Meinhold v. U.S. Dept. of Defense, 808
F. Supp. 1455 (C.D. Cal. 1993), Steffan v. Aspin, 8 F.3d 57 (D.C.
Cir. 1993). The constitutional issues at stake and the potential
for irreparable harm justified the injunction, the court
concluded.
Nickerson was careful to say his order applied only to the
plaintiffs in the case, not to service members in general. But
his opinion directly questioned whether "donþt ask, donþt tell"
may be upheld by the judiciary. He said: "The evidence presented
in other courts casts doubt on the extent of any harm to be
anticipated from the presence of homosexuals in the military."
The plaintiffs are represented by volunteer attorneys from
Sullivan & Cromwell working with staff attorneys from the ACLU
Lesbian & Gay Rights Project and Lambda Legal Defense & Education
Fund.
K.R.
On May 11, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals sitting en banc will
hear argument in Steffan v. Perry, having vacated the panel
opinion cited above sua sponte in response to the government's
motion for reargument on limited grounds.
Marc Wolinsky, a
cooperating attorney for Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund,
will argue for Joe Steffan, the former Naval Academy midshipman
who was forced to resign when Academy officials learned he was
gay.
On April 20, U.S. District Judge Thomas Zilly in Seattle heard
argument in Col. Margarethe Cammermeyer's suit against the Army.
Cammermeyer, a lesbian, was dismissed when she responded
truthfully in a security investigation preparatory to her
promotion to be chief nurse for the National Guard.
Mary
Newcombe, a former Lambda staff attorney, represents Cammermeyer.
The Navy has instituted discharge proceedings against Lt. j.g.
Dirk Selland, whose discharge for homosexuality under prior
regulations was blocked last year by District Judge Stanley
Sporkin.
Selland v. Aspin, 832 F.Supp. 12 (D.D.C. 1993).
Selland and the Navy recently agreed to discontinue his prior
case as moot.
Under the new rules enacted by Congress and the
President in December, Selland faces discharge because the
Pentagon presumes that any military member who says he is gay has
a propensity to engage in "homosexual conduct."
Selland will be
given a chance to rebut this presumption by proving that he has
no such propensity.
Think about it, logicians!
Selland is
represented by Washington lawyer Hank Hockeimer.
Contradiction time: The Coast Guard has adopted a policy
forbidding discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, but
only with respect to its civilian employees.
Putting on the
uniform makes all the difference, apparently.
(Remember Pete
Williams, the Assistant Secretary of Defense during the Bush
Administration who was "outed" by activists, never denied he was
gay, and was retained at the highest levels of the Pentagon
because he was a "civilian" employee?) There was a touch of
confusion when the policy, purporting to affect "all Coast Guard
members," was announced, but a clarification soon followed
restricting the policy to civilian members.
California State University at Sacramento's president, Donald
Gerth, announced phase out of the ROTC program because of the
Pentagon's "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy on homosexuality.
Presently enrolled students can complete the program, but the
school will not admit students to ROTC beginning in the Spring
1995 semester.
In 1991, Dartmouth College's trustees voted to end ROTC on campus
if the military did not abandon its anti-gay policy by 1994.
Now, the trustees have backed down and will allow ROTC to
continue on campus, primarily because they want to avoid cutting
off ROTC scholarship support for "straight" students.
The
trustees suggested that college officials join as co-plaintiffs
in one of the lawsuits attacking the ban.
A.S.L.
Mississippi Supreme Court Rebuffs Sodomy Law Challenge
In a unanimous ruling April 14, the Mississippi Supreme Court
rejected the argument that Miss. Code Ann. sec. 97-29-59, which
penalizes "crime against nature," violates the right of privacy
in Art. 3, sec. 18 of the Mississippi Constitution.
Miller v.
State, 1994 WL 125291.
Defendant James Miller, manager of a fastfood restaurant, was
convicted of having oral sex with a 17-year-old male employee
(underage for Mississippi).
The employee claimed that Miller got
him drunk and then had sex with him; a 16-year-old male employee
testified to having seen the incident.
Miller claimed the case
against him was a "concoction" based on the "victim's" need for
attention and the other witness's desire for "revenge" stemming
from a prior, non-sexual incident.
The jury believed the
witnesses and convicted Miller, who was sentenced to 10 years in
prison, with 5 years suspended.
Miller relied on In re Brown, 478 So.2d 1033 (1985), in which the
Mississippi court found a right of privacy in Art. 3, sec. 18 of
its constitution; sec. 18 mirrors the 9th Amendment of the U.S.
Constitution, articulating a "rights reserved to the people"
theory.
The court, in an opinion by Justice Fred Banks, Jr.,
conceded its past precedent recognizing a right of privacy, but
cursorily refused to extend it to "homosexual sodomy," stating:
"[T]he appellant has failed to provide, and we have failed to
locate, an instance where any court of last resort has found
either a law proscribing sodomy explicitly among homosexuals or a
judicial interpretation of a statute prohibiting sodomy
generally, but being applied only in cases of homosexual conduct,
to violate constitutionally established privacy interests.
We
decline to so hold here."
No discussion, no analysis, and
convenient omission to discuss such important cases as
Commonwealth v. Wasson, 842 S.W.2d 487 (Kentucky Sup. Ct. 1992).
Actually, this is depressingly typical of state courts that have
rejected sodomy challenges.
Miller also argued vagueness and overbreadth, claims rejected by
the court on the ground that past construction of the law had
long since clarified its coverage.
Miller also seized upon past
cases that required "penetration" for a conviction of sodomy, and
argued that because the testimony was that he had performed oral
sex on the "victim," he had not penetrated the victim and thus
could not be convicted.
To this, the court responded that the
penetration requirement dated from the time when anal sex was the
primary concern of the law; subsequent interpretation extended
the law to fellatio, and accordingly the court "necessarily
abandoned the view that `penetration' is required in any sense
other than that an act historically considered unnatural was
committed. . .
Fulfillment of the sodomy penetration requirement
is not restricted to acts wherein the accused does the
penetrating," wrote Justice Banks, who also rejected Miller's
contention that the "victim" should be considered an accomplice
or that the trial court's error in allowing questioning about a
possible sexual relationship between Miller and the other witness
was significant enough to taint the conviction.
The court
confirmed Miller's conviction and sentencing to, in effect, 5
years in prison.
In a footnote, Banks recalled Justice Lewis Powell's concurring
opinion in Hardwick, where Powell said that a prison sentence for
consensual sodomy would probably violate the 8th Amendment, but
noted that in this case "the act here in question was not
demonstrably consensual." A.S.L.
Washington Appeals Court: Mom Who Surrendered Child Can't Block
Adoption
In State v. Lucas, 1994 WL 117238 (Apr. 11), the Washington Court
of Appeals dismissed a biological mother's petition to adopt her
own child to prevent his adoption by gay male foster parents,
Luis and Ross Lopton.
Megan Lucas had placed her child for
adoption with the state's child protection department, and
formally relinquished her parental rights.
Lucas first filed a
motion to revoke her consent to relinquishment of parental
rights, on the grounds that she did not fully understand its
import and that the possibility of a gay couple adopting her
child was a realization of her "worst nightmare."
While her
motion to revoke consent was pending, Lucas and her husband (who
is not the child's biological father) petitioned to adopt the
child and asked that the child be placed in their care so that a
statutorily required report could be prepared.
The trial court
granted this motion, and Lucas voluntarily dismissed her motion
to revoke consent.
The child protection department filed an
emergency appeal with the Washington Court of Appeals.
In a unanimous opinion by Judge Roselle Pekelis, the court found
that Lucas lacked standing to adopt her biological child under a
provision of the adoption statute providing that relinquishment
of parental rights deprives the parent of standing in all legal
proceedings regarding the child.
In dicta, the court bluntly
criticized the trial court's reasoning, stating that allowing
placement of children with adoptive parents merely because of the
reporting requirement would subvert the legislature's intent and
"turn the process of adoption on its head, mandating placement of
the child with whoever files a petition instead of encouraging
petitions by those with whom the child has been successfully
placed."
Newspaper reports following the decision stated that
Lucas would appeal, and that the Rutherford Institute, a
conservative religious organization, is paying some of Lucas'
legal bills.
D.W.
Illinois Appellate Court Halves Sentence for Murderer of Gay Man
Over a sharply worded dissent, the Appellate Court of Illinois,
2nd District, reduced a prison sentence from 30 to 15 years in
the brutal murder of a gay man.
People v. Mangum, 1994 WL 132812
(April 15).
A jury found Johnny Mangum guilty of second degree
murder.
Mangum killed Randy Eklund, a gay man who brought Mangum
home from a bar after they had conversed over drinks.
According
to Mangum's testimony, after further drinks, Eklund groped Mangum
in the crotch and, when Mangum resisted Eklund's advance, Eklund
said, "I bought you all those drinks and I'm going to suck your
dick."
Eklund was 6 feet 3 inches tall and weighed 210 pounds;
Mangum, who had trained as a boxer and fought in "Golden Gloves"
competition a decade ago, is 5 feet 7 inches and weighed 142
pounds at the time.
Mangum testified that after Eklund's
statement, he "snapped" and "freaked out."
The two men fought,
with Mangum pursuing Eklund, allegedly out of fear that Eklund
was going to get a gun.
After Mangum had beaten Eklund until his
face was bleeding, Mangum tied up Eklund, who was lying on the
floor on his stomach.
While Mangum looked around the house,
Eklund sat up and then fell on his back, making a "gurgling
noise."
Fearing Eklund might be choking on vomit, Mangum rolled
him over onto his stomach.
After loading bottles of liquor and a
microwave oven into Eklund's car, Mangum dropped the stuff off at
a friend's apartment, then parked the car near the bar where
Eklund had picked him up.
At a party later that evening, Mangum
told the host, "I hit the guy and I hope he doesn't die," and
also remarked that he had "robbed a faggot and beat the guy up
and tied him up and left him in the house."
A friend of Eklund's
testified at trial that Eklund frequently brought men home from
the bar to have sex in his apartment.
Mangum's ex-wife testified
that he beat her during the marriage, had verbally expressed
hatred for homosexuals, and had told her that before he met her
he would go to a known gay cruising area to rob and beat up gays.
Mangum was charged with first degree murder, with instructions
given on lesser included charges of second degree and
manslaughter.
The jury returned a second degree conviction,
indicating its belief that Eklund's murder was not premeditated
and resulted either from heat of passion or self-defense.
But
the judge found the circumstances "particularly egregious,"
emphasizing that Mangum left Eklund bound and bleeding and showed
no remorse at the time of the offense.
(At the sentencing
hearing, Mangum expressed great remorse.)
Reviewing Mangum's
record and propensity for violence, the trial judge sentence him
to an extended sentence of 30 years, finding that "there was a
need to deter like attacks against homosexuals and to protect the
public."
The appellate court disagreed, in an opinion by Justice Bowman
relying on comparisons to prior Illinois decisions evaluating
whether particular murders warranted extended sentences.
Concluding that the trial judge abused his discretion, Bowman
relied heavily on Mangum's contrition at the sentencing hearing,
and his benevolent act of turning Eklund over when Mangum thought
he might be choking.
Dissenting, Presiding Justice Inglis
emphasized "Defendant's cold-blooded lack of compassion echoed in
his flight from justice and in his statement shortly after he
left defendant, that he `robbed a faggot and beat the guy up and
tied him up and left him in the house.'"
Inglis was critical of
the court's willingness to substitute its judgment as to Mangum's
"remorse" against that of the trial judge, who "heard defendant's
statement and had the opportunity to evaluate the timbre of the
voice and the genuineness of the man.
We cannot know by reading
them in the record whether the words were hollow or sincere.
The
trial court also found that defendant's extensive and violent
criminal history and the need to deter future crimes of this
nature necessitated lengthy imprisonment of defendant for the
protection of society.
I agree."
A.S.L.
Initiative/Referendum Updates
The U.S. Supreme Court refused to review the Florida Supreme
Court's decision invalidating a referendum vote in Tampa that
repealed a gay rights ordinance and forbade the city council from
enacting a new one.
Krivanek v. The Take Back Tampa Political
Committee, 625 So.2d 840 (1994), cert. denied sub nom Clewis v.
Krivanek, No. 93-1057, 62 USLW 3686 (April 18).
This means the
Tampa ordinance is back in effect, but opponents intend to begin
the petition process to try to place a new repeal referendum on
the ballot in 1995.
The Florida court's decision was based on
technical irregularities in the petition process.
Judge Rodney W. Miller of the Circuit Court of Oregon, 3rd
Judicial District, ruled April 8 in Lowe v. Keisling, No. 93C-
11972 (Marion County), that the current version of the Oregon
Citizens Alliance anti-gay initiative violates the "single
subject rule" of Art. IV, sec. 2(d) of the Oregon Constitution.
Miller's ruling was expressed in a letter to counsel.
The
initiative's sponsors argued it was devoted solely to the subject
of "prohibition of minority status based on homosexuality," but
Miller found that the initiative proposed four distinct measures:
"1.
A prohibition on adopting or enforcing laws extending
minority status based on homosexuality.
2.
A limitation on
children's public school curricula and public library access on
homosexual issues.
3.
A prohibition on government spending to
promote or express approval of homosexuality.
4.
A dictate on
the terms and nature of public employment of homosexuals."
Oregon, like many states, requires that ballot measures concern a
single subject, to avoid confronting voters with a situation
where they must vote for something with which they disagree in
order to get something with which they agree.
For example, a
voter might want to prohibit government spending to "promote"
homosexuality but not want to interfere with employment rights,
but by voting for the former would also be endorsing the latter.
Lon Mabon, head of OCA, announced that Miller's ruling would be
appealed, but that it was too late for OCA to formulate an
alternative measure for this year's ballot.
The Washington State Supreme Court will meet May 12 in private
conference to consider a motion by Attorney General Christine
Gregoire to dismiss a suit brought by civil rights groups against
two pending anti-gay initiatives, Nos. 608 and 610.
The
plaintiffs seek a judicial declaration that the initiatives are
"beyond the scope of the initiative process" because they violate
the single-subject requirement and embody "patently
unconstitutional" attempts to restrict fundamental rights of an
indentifiable group.
Gregoire argues that the democratic process
should be allowed to work, and the court should reserve judgment
until such time as it would become necessary due to passage of
one or both of the initiatives.
Initiative 610 would bar gay
rights laws, outlaw adoptions and marriages by gays or award of
child custody to gay parents, and bar schools from presenting
homosexuality as healthy or acceptable.
Initiative 608 omits the
family law elements of Initiative 610, and is considered more
likely to attract enough signatures by July 8 to be included on
the ballot next fall.
Activists in Arizona filed suit April 21 in Maricopa County
Superior Court against Frank Meliti, leader of the Traditional
Values Coalition of Arizona, seeking a ruling invalidating a
proposed initiative on procedural grounds.
Citizen A v. Meliti.
As no petitions have been filed with the state, the plaintiffs
are precluded from attacking the constitutionality of the
proposed measure, but they contend that it fails to comply with
Arizona procedural requirements in three respects: it covers more
than one subject, it leaves key terms undefined and indefinite,
and the summary language totally obscures the purpose of the
measure.
Cincinnati has lost a fourth major convention due to last fall's
passage of Issue 3, which would repeal the city's gay rights
ordinance and forbid such enactments in the future.
The American
Speech-Language-Hearing Assocaition's 11,000 member convention
planned for November 1995, has pulled out of town, along with the
Art Librarians Society of North America, the American Historical
Association, and the American Library Association.
The estimated
loss of convention revenues from these four withdrawals exceeds
$20 million. A.S.L.
Arizona Trial Judge Rejects Marriage Challenge; Other Marriage
News
Pima County, Arizona, Superior Court Judge Bernardo P. Velasco
ruled April 13 in Callender v. Corbett, No. 296666, that Arizona
Rev. Stat. 25-125, which restricts valid marriages to opposite
sex couples, is constitutional.
Several same-sex couples brought
a declaratory judgment action, and filed a motion for summary
judgment.
Velsaco opined that the decision whether to allow
same-sex couples to marry was a legislative policy matter.
"The
underlying foundation of the question is whether community morals
are a valid basis for enacting and upholding legislative
statutes.
In Arizona, moral judgments are generally left in the
hands of the legislature. . . The statutory definition of
marriage is a passive recognition of Arizona's societal desires.
Arizona's marriage statute was not enacted to selectively
discriminate against any particular individuals.
It merely
codifies what has traditionally been defined as marriage.
In
Arizona, the rational basis test is the applicable test utilized
to review challenges to the constitutionality of our statutes,
under this test Plaintiffs' Motion for Summary Judgment is
denied."
That's the full legal analysis.
No discussion is
provided by Judge Velasco of the plaintiffs' various arguments
supporting their claim that the statute was unconstitutional.
The plaintiffs' lawyers, Linda Harter, Lisa Hise and Paul
Gattone, on behalf of the local chapter of the National Lawyers
Guild, are considering strategies for seeking reconsideration or
to appeal. * * * On an international note, a male couple in
Moscow attempting to register their relationship at Moscow's
Palace of Weddings Number 4, was rejected on April 12 by the
office's manager, Karmen Bruyeva, according to a Reuters dispatch
published in several American newspapers.
Robert Filippini and
Yaroslav Mogutin, an American and a Russian, met when Filippini
came to Moscow two years ago to work as a journalist.
They've
lived together for three months. A.S.L.
In Denton v. Denton (April 15), a decision reported in the press
but not yet available on databases, the Kentucky Court of Appeals
reversed a marriage annulment that was predicated on the
husband's failure to disclose a gay affair prior to the marriage
ceremony.
Mrs. Denton, seeking the annulment, alleged she had
been "fraudulently induced to marry," and successfully persuaded
Graves County Circuit Court Judge John Daughaday that a
prospective spouse's sexual orientation was a material fact that
must be disclosed prior to marriage.
Disagreeing, Court of
Appeals Judge John Miller held it would violate equal protection
to annul this marriage under the circumstances, when a
prospective spouse's heterosexual affairs are not required to be
disclosed.
Miller agreed with Mr. Denton's argument that the
proper remedy for the wife is a divorce.
Dissenting judge
Wilfrid Schroder disagreed, arguing that Mr. Denton had
misrepresented his sexual orientation "solely to provide a
cover." A.S.L.
A New York County Surrogate Judge rejected the constitutional
claim of a surviving gay partner who sought to inherit from the
estate of his intestate deceased companion.
In Matter of Gary S.
Petri, NYLJ, p. 29, col. 1 (April 4), Judge Eve Preminger (who
previously decided the groundbreaking New York second-parent
adoption case, Matter of Evan, 583 N.Y.S.2d 997 [1992]) ruled
that the intestacy law's requirement that a legal spouse be given
priority of succession does not discriminate on the basis of
sexual orientation and is in any event justified on the basis of
the "compelling state interest in the orderliness of transfer of
property rights on death."
According to Preminger, the state has
a compelling interest in distribution schemes that are "clear,
simple, predictable and capable of determining heirs at the
moment of death."
Since common law marriage was abolished 65
years ago in N.Y., it cannot be used, by gay or straight
survivors, to claim a spousal distribution.
Despite this ruling,
Judge Preminger disagreed with the survivor's claim that he and
his partner could not have married.
Insofar as state law "has no
requirement that applicants for a marriage license be of
different sexes," she seems to be inviting a challenge to the
presumption that lesbian and gay couples cannot marry in N.Y.
P.L.E.
Federal Litigation Notes
The U.S. Supreme Court continues to shy away from tackling the
question whether sex is a "suspect classification" under the
Equal Protection requirements of the 5th and 14th amendments.
In
J.E.B. v. Alabama, No. 92-1239, 62 USLW 4219 (April 19), the
Court ruled that sex-based peremptory juror challenges violate
the constitution.
Finding that allowing such challenges was not
"substantially related to an important government objective,"
Justice Blackmun concluded that the heightened scrutiny test
sufficed to render the practice unconstitutional, and there was
no need to engage in a suspect classification analysis.
The
court took the same tack last fall in Harris V. Forklift Systems,
114 S.Ct. 367 (1993).
* * *
The U.S. Tax Court affirmed a
decision by the Internal Revenue Service to deny sec. 501(c)(3)
tax status to The Nationalist Movement, a right-wing white
supremacy group that advocates death for homosexuals and
mandatory HIV testing and quarantine of HIV+ people.
The
Movement, a Mississippi non-profit corporation, claimed that its
activities were exclusively charitable and educational.
Tax
Court Judge Hamblen found that The Movement's telephone
counselling service's "charitable" function was inadequately
documented, and that its newsletter, the basis for its
"educational" claim, failed to meet the regulatory definition of
an educational publication, due to its distorted, inflammatory,
and non-fact based character.
The Nationalist Movement v.
Commissioner, 102 T.C. No. 22, 1994 WL 118959 (April 11). * * *
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit granted a new trial
on charges by Marc J. Anderson and Jeffrey E. Grubb, gay men,
that Drug Enforcement Agent Ed Wisneifski violated a duty to
intervene when his co-defendants, two other DEA agents, were
beating up Anderson and Grubb while shouting homophobic epithets
after Anderson's motorcycle bumped a parked DEA vehicle.
Anderson v. Branen, 17 F.3d 552 (Feb. 24).
Anderson and Grubb
were arrested for assaulting the federal agents, but all charges
were dropped against them.
They then sued the agents, resulting
in a hung jury on claims against the other agents and a verdict
in favor of Wisniefski.
On appeal of the verdict as to
Wisniefski, the plaintiffs objected to several aspects of
District Judge Richard Owen's jury charge.
The court of appeals
agreed that Owen had not properly instructed the jury on the law
with regard to a law enforcement officer's duty to intervene when
other officers are violating the constitutional rights of a
member of the public, and remanded for a new trial on that claim,
while rejecting other objections to Owen's charge. * * * U.S.
District Judge Patrick Kelly (Kansas) granted summary judgment to
the employer in a gay-related employment case, Goeffert v. Beech
Aircraft Corp., 1994 WL 146355 (April 11, not officially
published).
Cynthia Goeffert, an open lesbian, was a crew chief
at Beech who encountered a variety of problems with co-workers
and supervisors and was discharged.
She sued on claims of
invasion of privacy, sexual harassment, retaliation and sex
discrimination, as to all of which the judge found that her
allegations did not suffice to sustain a cause of action.
The
court found that the employer credibly established a non-
discriminatory reason for the discharge -- an economically
motivated layoff -- and that Title VII sexual harassment theory
would not cover those elements of the complaint because the
harassment, if any, was due to Goeffert's sexual orientation.
A.S.L.
State & Local Litigation Notes
The California Supreme Court April 13 refused to review a
decision by the 1st District Court of Appeal that held
unenforceable a written agreement between two lesbians concerning
parental rights with respect to the child they were jointly
raising.
Georgia P. v. Kerry B.
According to news reports, the
court's action was not "issued as a precedent for future cases."
The court of appeal decision is still not published, so we have
to rely on news reports to learn about this case.
Kerry B. gave
birth to a daughter conceived by donor insemination in 1985.
She
and her partner, Georgia P., made a written agreement that was
intended to govern their relationship with the child, providing
for binding arbitration of disputes.
When Georgia sought to
enforce the agreement and Kerry resisted, the California courts
found that Georgia, who was neither a natural mother nor an
adoptive mother, had no standing to assert parental rights, and
that the contract was not legally enforceable. A.S.L. * * * The
New York Law Journal reported April 7 that a settlement has been
reached in a suit by eight members of ACT-UP against the New York
City Police Department, alleging misconduct by police officers at
an ACT-UP demonstration in Rockefeller Center in 1990.
According
to the plaintiffs' attorney, Mary D. Dorman, the case has been
settled for $19,000.
Dorman said the demonstrators were
protesting a television appearance by comedian Andrew Dice Clay.
A.S.L. * * * Adding to the growing number of courts that have
granted second parent adoptions for lesbian or gay couples,
Pennsylvania now has its first such written decision.
Judge John
Miller of the York County Court of Common Pleas allowed a lesbian
co-parent to adopt the two sibling children her partner had
originally adopted from an Eastern Bloc Country.
In re:
Adoptions of E.O.G. and A.S.G., Case Nos. 7518 and 7519 (York
County Court of Common Pleas, December 22, 1993).
Without any
explicit analysis of the state adoption law, the court concluded
that the law neither prohibits nor condones adoptions by lesbian
couples.
As such, the court found that the law does not
disqualify a lesbian couple from adopting, and where the adoption
serves the children's interests it should be granted.
Like other
court, the factors Judge Miller found compelling were: the
children's daily life would remain the same regardless of the
adoption, the benefits of inheritance rights, assurance of
financial support and emotional and legal security, and the
children's eligibility for health insurance and social security
benefits through the second parent.
Subsequently, another
lesbian second-parent adoption was granted in April. (Note to Law
Notes readers: Please send us any second parent adoption
decisions you have.
Since they are granted at the trial court
level, it is quite difficult to track them down.) P.L.E. * * * A
gay "ham radio" club in Connecticut has won its first battle
against American Radio Relay League (ARRL) for alleged sexual
orientation discrimination.
On March 18, the Connecticut
Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities announced it had
reasonable cause to believe that ARRL had discriminated against
the Lambda Amateur Radio Club when it refused to publish the gay
club's notice in its newsletter.
Lambda Amateur Radio Club v.
American Radio Relay League, No. 9210423.
The complaint was
brought under Connecticut's anti-discrimination law which
prohibits sexual orientation discrimination.
The complaint
alleged that ARRL violated the public accommodation portion of
the law.
The Commission found that other issue-oriented groups
advertised in ARRL's newsletter including Jehovah's Witnesses,
atheists, missionaries, and Ayn Rand.
In addition, evidence was
found that Lambda's advertisements were rejected solely due to
their gay content.
A full hearing is scheduled for June.
The
Lambda club is represented by New York attorneys Robert G.
Miller, John Lynch and Catherine McGrath and Lambda Legal Defense
staff attorney Suzanne Goldberg. T.V.L. * * * The Colorado Court
of Appeals upheld exclusion of character evidence concerning a
murder victim's sexuality when the evidence did not meet the
proper standards for determining "reputation," but rather
constituted mere unsubstantiated rumor.
In State v. Erickson,
1994 WL 115843 (April 7), the defendant sought to introduce
testimony by a witness who had heard that the victim was
bisexual, in order to prove that the murder was committed in
defense of a sexual assault.
After the prosecution objected to
the offer of evidence as irrelevant and incompetent for lack of a
foundation, the trial court heard the witness' testimony outside
the presence of the jury.
The witness told the court that he had
heard rumors from two unnamed people at a local skating rink that
the victim, Erickson's roommate, was bisexual.
The trial court
found the testimony to be neither relevant nor competent
reputation testimony.
On appeal, Judge Briggs noted that
previous decisions permit evidence of a victim's sexuality in
order to prove a theory of self-defense against a homosexual
assault.
However, evidence of sexuality must comport with
general requirements for reputation evidence.
These include
sufficient familiarity between the witness and the person about
whom the evidence is offered, and evidence that the reputation is
held generally in the community and is not merely "widely
discussed" rumor.
The defense was unable to establish that the
witness "could speak with authority on the terms in which the
victim was regarded in the relevant community, that the opinion
expressed by two unknown declarants was held generally in the
community, or that their comments represented the definite and
final formation of opinion in that community."
R.B. * * * The
Court of Special Appeals of Maryland affirmed a conviction for
distribution and possession of obscene material despite the
defendant's claim that "contemporary community standards"
demonstrate a tolerance for such material.
In Purohit v. State,
a complaint from a representative of "Christian Gathering" that a
video distributor might be in violation of state obscenity laws
led a local prosecutor to purchase a "homosexually oriented
pornographic video" from the store.
The video was seen in its
entirety by the jury.
The trial court excluded, at the
prosecution's objection, the defendant's attempted introduction
of pornographic videotapes purchased from other distributors.
On
appeal, Judge Bishop noted that the defense had not made a
sufficient proffer of the contents of those videotapes in order
to allow the appellate court to determine whether they were
comparable to the homosexually oriented tape for which Purohit
was being prosecuted, and thus to determine whether the trial
court abused its discretion in excluding them.
While the issue
was thus not properly preserved for review, the appellate court
noted that "none of the six videotapes was of a male homosexual
theme" as was the tape sold by the defendant.
The defense also
contended that the issue of discriminatory prosecution was more
properly decided by the jury, not the court.
Judge Bishop
rejected this contention, noting that discriminatory prosecution
is a defect in the institution of the prosecution which must be
raised prior to trial and adjudicated by the court.
The court
also concluded that closing remarks by the prosecution that the
content of the videotape in question reduced human beings to
"animals" was harmless beyond a reasonable doubt.
Judge Bishop
detailed the contents of the videotape and found that the entire
tape could best be described as "hard-core" pornography "from
beginning to end".
Thus, despite the "improper" remarks from the
prosecutor, the jury was still fully justified in finding that
the tape was well within the ambit of Maryland's obscenity laws.
R.B.
Domestic Partnership Updates
On April 19, Oak Park, Illinois, became the first Illinois
municipality to extend health insurance and other benefits to
domestic partners of city workers, but at the same time the city
council rejected a proposal to establish a symbolic domestic
partnership registry for all Oak Park citizens.
The vote on
benefits was 7-0; the vote against the registry was 4-3. * * *
Agreement was reached March 17 in collective bargaining between
Local 146 of AFSCME and the Sacramento (California) Employment
and Training Agency to extend the Agency's bereavement leave
policy to include domestic partners of Agency employees.
Sacramento passed a domestic partnership registration ordinance
in 1992, but it did not extend any substantive employee benefits
to partnerships.
SETA is the first Sacramento city agency to do
so through collective bargaining.
* * *
Negotiators for AFSCME
and Hennepin County, Minnesota, reached agreement April 4 on
extending health insurance coverage to domestic partners of
county employees in three bargaining units represented by the
union.
The agreement is subject to ratification, and would go
into effect January 1 unless blocked as a result of litigation
challenging the authority of local government units to provide
domestic partnership benefits. * * * KQED, a public TV and radio
station in San Francisco, announced March 31 that it will expand
its employee benefit policy to allow employees to purchase health
insurance coverage for their domestic partners on the same basis
as married employees can purchase coverage for spouses. * * *
Add Brown University and the University of New Mexico to the list
of schools extending health coverage to same-sex domestic
partners of employees.
The
Brown plan went into effect May 1,
having been approved by the Brown Corporation in December,
according to the university's alumni magazine. A press release
from the University of New Mexico indicated that the new plan
will extend all spousal benefits to same-sex partners, but final
details are still being worked out. * * * It was on-again, off-
again at University of Colorado at Boulder, where officials
announced that domestic partners of students could be covered by
student health insurance on the same basis as spouses of
students, and then were overridden by the University's Board of
Regents on April 21.
The Board acted in response to angry
stirrings from the state legislature, according to the Rocky
Mountain News of April 22.
* * * The Student Association Council
at the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia,
endorsed a proposal that the college grant health benefits to
same-sex domestic partners of its employees.
William and Mary's
faculty association has also voted to call for such benefits, but
college president Timothy J. Sullivan takes the position that
state legislative action is a prerequisite. * * *
The faculty
senate at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania,
voted April 14 to ask the University to extend health and tuition
benefits to domestic partners of faculty.
Partners are already
eligible to be treated like spouses in terms of access to campus
facilities (library, athletics) and events under a 1991 policy
decision. * * * The Board of Tulane University voted April 21 to
defer action on a faculty-approved plan to extend health
insurance and other benefits to domestic partners of university
employees.
The Board decided it was premature to adopt such a
plan while health reform proposals are pending in Congress.
A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
The New Hampshire Senate voted 13-10 against passage of a sexual
orientation discrimination bill (H.B. 1432) on April 21.
The
bill had easily passed the state's House of Representatives by a
226-131 vote in February, with considerable Republican support,
but a threatened veto by Governor Stephen Merrill, a conservative
Republican, and opposition by conservative church groups were
credited for the Senate loss.
* * *
The Hawaii legislature
devoted considerable time to grappling with same-sex marriage,
taking up for consideration H.B. 2312, which initially passed the
House February 7.
The bill declares the legislature's intent
that marriage licenses be issued only to couples of "different
genders," and specifies a primary purpose in issuing marriage
licenses as protecting the health and welfare of succeeding
generations.
The bill also sets up a commission to recommend
legislation on domestic partnership.
The bill was amended in the
Senate Judiciary Committee and passed the Senate April 12; it was
then referred to the House for concurrence, where it passed April
26.
This responds to the pending trial next year in Baehr v.
Lewin, 852 P.2d 44 (1993), in which the Hawaii Supreme Court
ruled that the state's refusal to issue marriage licenses to
same-sex couples is subject to strict scrutiny under the state
constitution's ban on sex discrimination. * * * The Huntington
Beach, California, Union High School District board adopted a
dress code that forbids students from wearing clothing with words
or symbols "which degrade gender, culture, religion, sexual
orientation or ethnic values."
Sexual orientation was included
at the request of a parent who attended the board meeting and
spoke up about the need to protect his gay son, a student in the
district.
A representative of the Orange County Chapter of the
ACLU told the school board that the entire proposal was
unconstitutional.
The main thrust of the code is to forbid
students from wearing "gang attire" clothing at school. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
Martin Chavez, Mayor of Albuquerque, New Mexico, issued an
"administrative instruction" March 30 adding "sexual orientation
or medical condition" to a city policy listing prohibited bases
for discrimination by the city, including hiring, public
services, municipal housing and community center functions.
See
BNA Daily Labor Report No. 68, 4/11/94, at A-10-11. City Attorney
Bob White stated that the mayor's action was a "standard
executive order" clarifying existing informal policies.
At the
same time, New Mexico Governor Bruce King authorized the state's
Human Resources Division, which enforces state civil rights law,
to accept complaints of sexual orientation discrimination,
beginning May 1.
Although the Division has no statutory
authority to take action based on the complaints, the governor
hopes that the Division will be able to document the need for
legislation.
A gay rights bill passed the New Mexico Senate in
1993, but failed in the state House.
No bill has been introduced
this year. * * * Intervention by Lambda Legal Defense Fund Legal
Director Beatrice Dohrn led to quick resolution of a dispute
between a gay male couple in Hempstead, New York, and the town's
cemetery administrator.
The couple wished to purchase a family
plot, so that the men, one of whom has AIDS, could be buried
together under a double headstone.
The city responded that only
blood relatives could purchase family plots, and suggested that
the men purchase "adjoining single plots so that you can be in
close proximity throughout eternity."
Two single plots would
cost more than a family plot.
Dohrn wrote to the Commissioner,
causing town officials to reconsider and agree to sell the double
plot, provided the men executed an affidavit promising that
nobody else would use the plot.
The story was recounted in the
New York Times on April 17. * * *
The Philadelphia Board of
Education adopted Policy 102, intended to make district curricula
sensitive to different cultures, races, genders, and sexual
orientations, in January.
The policy resolution did not mandate
specifics for implementation, but has stirred controversy from
conservative groups, and led to stormy public meetings of the
Board.
Some mainstream religious leaders in the city have
supported the policy publicly.
The Philadelphia Lesbian and Gay
Task Force played a significant role in getting the policy
adopted, and is now on the barricades defending it. * * * The
Colorado State Parent-Teacher Association is considering a
resolution encouraging the public schools to support tolerance
for lesbians and gay men. You can imagine the reaction from
Coloradans for Family Values, sponsors of Amendment 2!
* * *
Boston Mayor Thomas Menino has appointed Ann M. Maguire, a
founding member of the Boston Lesbian & Gay Political Alliance,
to a city cabinet position overseeing health and human service
programs, and John N. Affuso, Jr., a recent law school graduate,
as the mayor's liaison to the gay and lesbian community. A.S.L.
International Law Notes
On April 11, the United Nations Human Rights Committee, an
independent panel of human rights experts, ruled that sodomy laws
violate the International Covenant of Civil and Political Rights.
The ruling stemmed from the Committee's consideration of the
sodomy law in the Australian state of Tasmania.
The committee
said that the law violates Art. 17 of the Covenant, which
protects the right of privacy, and Articles 2 and 26, which ban
sex discrimination, which the committee opined includes sexual
orientation discrimination, according to a report in the
Washington Blade.
The U.S., which is a signatory to the
Covenant, has sodomy laws in more than 20 states. * * * An
Israeli informant relates that Uzi Even, a university professor,
has sued Tel Aviv University to get health insurance benefits for
his domestic partner.
Recently, an Israeli labor appeals court
ruled that an El Al flight attendant was entitled to such
benefits for his same sex partner. * * *
The Associated Press
reported that Tokyo, Japan, District Court Judge Toshiaki Harada
ruled March 30 in favor of a petition by the Association for the
Lesbian and Gay Movement to rent space in a public travel lodge
for a meeting.
The Tokyo metropolitan government denied the
request, asserting that other guests of the lodge would be
disturbed by the prospect of gay sex taking place.
The decision
was described as a landmark for the Japanese gay rights movement
in establishing the principle of equal access to public
accommodations.
A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
West Virginia Court: Professional Standard Of Care Applies to HIV
Transfusion Case
The infant plaintiff underwent corrective surgery at the
Charleston Area Medical Center (CAMC) in 1983.
During surgery,
complications arose requiring 3-month-old Doe to receive a blood
transfusion.
In the years following the surgery, Doe experienced
a number of unusual illnesses for a child his age and in 1990 was
diagnosed with HIV.
A subsequent check of medical records
revealed that during the 1983 surgery, Doe received a transfusion
from the American Red Cross (ARC) which was later revealed to
have come from a person who died of AIDS.
Plaintiffs sued for negligence, alleging that ARC failed to
screen prospective donors, failed to properly screen donated
blood, and failed to educate physicians and medical facilities
about direct donations to avoid the need for stranger
transfusions.
Doe v. American National Red Cross, et al., 1994
WL 108398 (S.D. W. Va., March 25).
Plaintiffs also alleged that
CAMC failed to educate its staff about transfusion-associated
AIDS, failed to make direct donations routinely available, and
failed to retain transfusion logs long enough to permit proper
look-back investigations.
All parties moved for summary
judgment, presenting the issue of the applicable standard of
care.
The court denied the parties' motions for summary judgment but
ruled that the case would be decided under a "professional
standard of care" like that adopted in United Blood Services v.
Quintana, 827 P.2d 509 (Colo. 1992).
The court stated that there
was a triable issue about whether ARC, the blood-banking industry
and CAMC employed adequate techniques to protect patients from
contaminated blood.
The court held that the case should go to
trial to allow the plaintiffs to prove that the entities did not
adhere to existing customs or practices and/or that industry
standards were deficient.
A.T.
Federal Court Dismisses ERISA sec. 510 Claim in HIV Case
An Indiana federal district court dismissed the claim of Deborah
Arnett against the Tuthill Corp., Fill-Rite Division, on the
defendant-employer's motion for summary judgment.
Arnett,
terminated in November of 1991, claimed that Fill-Rite
discriminated against her because of her HIV status in violation
of sec. 510 of ERISA, 29 U.S.C. sec. 1140, when the company fired
her with an intent to deprive her of family health benefits.
Arnett v. Tuthill Corp., 1994 WL 108344 (N.D.Ind., March 30).
Arnett advised the company more than 2 years before her
termination that both she and her husband were HIV+.
She claimed
that after she returned to work following a medical leave, and
after Fill-Rite struck a new collective bargaining agreement with
its union employees, she was terminated because she elected
"family coverage" under the new plan, rather than "single
coverage."
Section 510 makes it unlawful to discharge, fine, suspend, expel,
discipline or discriminate against a participant or beneficiary
for exercising any right to which he is entitled under provisions
of an employee benefit plan . . . or for the purpose of
interfering with the attainment of any right to which such
participant may become entitled under the plan.
Arnett claimed
that even though Fill-Rite proffered a legitimate, non-
discriminatory reason for her termination -- that the company's
sales were slow and employees were let go as a result -- the
company's reason was a pretext.
Although many relevant facts
were hotly disputed by the parties, Arnett alleged: that a
management employee asked whether her children were HIV+; that 2
days before her firing, she had a confrontation with management
over her election of family, rather than single, health insurance
coverage; and that the decision to fire her could only have been
pretextual because she was better qualified and had a lower
salary than another employee who was not fired.
District Judge Cosbey rejected all of Arnett's evidence of
discriminatory intent, finding that none of the facts presented,
even construed most favorably toward her, could make out a prima
facie case of discrimination.
The court noted that the proximity
in time of the confrontation over benefits and her termination
could be circumstantial evidence of discriminatory intent, but
said this was outweighed by the fact Fill-Rite had known for 2
years of her HIV status and paid all her claims without incident.
Addressing the issue of her better suitability for the job in the
face of workforce reductions, Cosbey wrote: "The issue of pretext
does not address the correctness or desirability of reasons
offered for employment decisions.
Even if Arnett was the best
possible person for the job, so long as Fill-Rite honestly
believed she was not, its business judgment will not be second-
guessed by Federal courts applying ERISA."
Although the court
granted Fill-Rite summary judgment on the ERISA claim, it did not
dismiss Arnett's Equal Pay Act claim under 29 U.S.C. sec. 206.
W.M.M.
NY Appellate Division Refuses to Order HIV Test in Child Sex
Abuse Case
Roy XX was accused of having anal sex with Michael WW, an eight-
year-old boy who was living with his uncle, a friend of Roy.
After an initial hearing, Michael's law guardian moved to compel
HIV testing of Roy.
The Family Court denied the motion, and the
guardian appealed.
Matter of Michael WW, 1994 WL 140358 (N.Y.
App. Div., 3rd Dept., April 21).
Under NY Public Health Law sec. 2781(1), consent is required for
an HIV test unless the test is specifically authorized under
federal or state law.
The law guardian relied on Family Court
Act sec. 1038-a, which authorizes securing a blood sample from a
defendant "only if the court finds probable cause that the
evidence is reasonably related to establishing the allegations in
a petition."
Writing for the court, Justice Paul J. Yesawich,
Jr., held that this requirement had not been met: "Here. . .
there is no way in which the results of the test sought by the
Law Guardian could serve to establish the allegations of the
petition.
Proof that Roy is infected with HIV is not in any way
probative of whether he perpetrated the particular acts of sodomy
and sexual abuse charged.
It is true that the charges of abuse
and neglect that have been brought against Roy encompass an
accusation that he has impaired Michael's physical, mental or
emotional condition, and a showing that he infected the child
with HIV virus would certainly bear upon the nature and extent of
such impairment; nevertheless, even if the alleged acts of sodomy
are ultimately proven, the fact that Roy is infected still will
not, without more, establish that the virus was transmitted to
Michael.
It is not insignificant in this regard that even
Michael stated that his abuser wore a condom during the alleged
penetration."
The court concluded that the only way to allay
Michael's fears of infection is to test Michael; if Michael were
to test positive, that might supply probable cause to require
testing of Roy.
Justice Ann T. Mikoll dissented, asserting that the law
guardian's petition "demonstrates the requisite `nexus' and the
blood test is evidence `reasonably related to establishing the
allegations of the petition.'" A.S.L.
Treatment Denials by Self-Insured Employers: Courts Becoming More
Aggressive?
April 4, U.S. District Judge Clarke (E.D.Va., April 4) ruled in
Wheeler v. Dynamic Engineering, Inc., 1994 WL 121163, that a
self-insured employer could not deny coverage to an employee's
spouse for expensive cancer chemotherapy by changing the terms of
its insurance plan after the insured commenced treatment.
Frances Wheeler was diagnosed with breast cancer requiring heavy-
duty chemotherapy treatment in November 1993.
In mid-December,
her husband, a Dynamic employee, submitted a request for
commitment for treatment to the company and treatment commenced
that month.
Meanwhile, the company changed its plan to include a
specific exclusion of coverage for the specialized chemotherapy
required in Mrs. Wheeler's case, and subsequently denied
coverage.
The court held that the company could not modify its
plan once treatment had begun, dismissing the precedential value
of McGann v. H & H Music, 946 F.2d 401 (5th Cir. 1991) and Owens
v. Storehouse, Inc., 984 F.2d 394 (11th Cir. 1993).
Clarke
relied on Confer v. Custom Engineering, 952 F.2d 41 (3rd Cir.
1991), where an employer attempted to change its self-insured
health plan to exclude motorcycle accidents after an employee
suffered serious injuries in such an accident, and then tried to
deny benefit payments to the injured employee based on the
change.
The 3rd Circuit held in Confer that plan amendments
could only apply prospectively, which Clarke took to mean that if
a course of treatment was begun, the plan must pay for the entire
course of treatment.
Clarke also relied on an unpublished
decision by the U.S. District Court for the Western District of
North Carolina, Ragucci v. Blue Cross/Blue Shield of North
Carolina, C.A. # 2:93CV297 (Jan. 7, 1994), to similar effect.
These rulings could be significant for employees who commence
HIV/AIDS related treatments and then face exclusionary changes to
their employers' health insurance plans.
A.S.L.
AIDS Federal Litigation Notes
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit has taken the
unusual step of reversing a bail decision by a district judge in
a case involving a person with AIDS who is appealing a banking
fraud conviction and wants to avoid spending time in jail pending
the appeal.
According to an article in the San Francisco Daily
Journal of April 7, Michael Stanfield was found guilty of fraud
after a trial in connection with a $350,000 loan application.
The prosecutor and federal probation officials had agreed to a
request by Stanfield's attorney that he be sentenced to home
detention due to the health risk of incarceration, Stanfield's
doctor having estimated that he had 12 months of life remaining.
U.S. District Judge Saundra Brown Armstrong rejected this, and
sentenced Stanfield to 30 days in prison, 7 months home
detention, 5 years supervised release and more than $67,000 in
restitutional damages.
Harold Rosenthal, Stanfield's attorney,
filed an emergency appeal, contending that incarceration could
significantly shorten his client's lifespan.
The appeals court
overruled Armstrong and granted Stanfield's bail application,
remanding the case for reconsideration.
At the scheduled oral
argument in August, the court of appeals will hear argument on
whether AIDS-related illness is an "extreme physical impairment"
that would justify a downward departure from federal sentencing
guidelines. A.S.L. * * * The 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled
April 19 in Doe v. Wigginton, 1994 WL 133483, that Kentucky
prison officials did not violate constitutional rights of the
John Doe prisoner by enforcing a rule that HIV-testing would not
be offered to prisoners unless the prisoner requested testing
based on a history of possible exposure.
Doe requested testing
upon initial carceration and was denied.
He requested it again
at a later date, saying he had engaged in sex with IV-drug using
prostitutes prior to incarceration, and was tested, tested
positive, and was found to have a seriously depressed immune
system.
Doe alleged that the prison's procedures violated his
rights to adequate health care and deprived him of "life" without
due process.
The court found no deliberate or reckless
indifference to life, and also dismissed a claim by Doe of
violation of privacy deriving from knowledge of his HIV status by
prison officials who looked at his file when he was transferred
to a new facility.
A.S.L. * * * The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
remanded as moot claims by a California inmate who argued under
the 8th Amendment that the failure of prison officials to test
all inmates for HIV and to segregate those who are seropositive
created for him a serious risk of HIV infection constituting
cruel and unusual punishment.
In Ylst v. Meneweather, 1994 WL
96267 (March 22), Judges Reavley, Pregerson, and Fernandez held
that Meneweather's claim for injunctive relief was moot since
there was no "reasonable expectation" that he would ever return
to the medical facility at which he had previously been confined
and could therefore no longer challenge the HIV testing policies
at that facility.
Meneweather's claim for monetary relief was
barred by the Eleventh Amendment, which prohibits a federal court
from awarding monetary damages to citizens against state
officials.
R.B. * * * The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals
unanimously ruled April 13 that specimen containers used by
Clinical Reference Laboratory, Inc., to collect urine and saliva
samples from life insurance applicants in order to perform HIV
tests for insurance companies, are "devices" subject to
regulation under the Food and Drug Act by the Food and Drug
Administration, but at the same time held that premarket approval
by FDA is not required for their use.
U.S. v. An Undetermined
Number of Unlabeled Cases, 1994 WL 126571.
Premarket approval is
required under the Act for devices newly introduced after May 28,
1976, or for older devices that are used in new ways.
FDA,
taking the position that "AIDS tests which do not use blood
products or serum violate the Act," insisted that CRL needed to
get premarket clearance to use the specimen containers in this
way and ordered CRL to stop using them.
CRL filed a declaratory
judgment action contesting the FDA's position, arguing that the
containers were not "devices" under the Act; FDA filed its own
action seeking seizure and destruction of the devices.
The
district court, ruling for FDA, ordered seizure and destruction.
On appeal, the court found that the containers were "devices,"
but that they were being used in the same way they were used
prior to 1976: to collect specimens of urine and saliva.
According to the appeals court, the premarket approval
requirement would only come into play if a change in their use
would raise issues about the safety or effectiveness of the
containers as such.
A.S.L. * * * The 7th Circuit Court of
Appeals ruled April 1 in Fedro v. Reno, 1994 WL 109736, that the
U.S. Marshall's Service was not required to return to duty a
marshall who had contracted hepatitis-B virus (HBV) infection on
the job.
The court accepted the government's argument that HBV
is so contagious that there would be a significant risk that an
infected marshall might pass the infection to others in the
course of his work.
Marshalls escort prisoners and guard
courtrooms, and sometimes get into physical altercations
involving close physical contact with prisoners and others,
during which HBV infection is allegedly possible.
Dissenting,
Judge Ilana Rovner contended that the Service should have been
required to consider transfering Fedro to another position in the
Service; Fedro had rejected an offer of employment as a part-time
criminal investigator, because he desired a full-time job.
A.S.L.
AIDS State Litigation Notes
In April 1989, J.B. became infected with HIV while driving his
brother from Sacred Heart Hospital of Pensacola, Florida, to a
treatment facility in Alabama.
J.B., a resident of Mississippi
who was not told by hospital staff that his brother had AIDS, was
driving at the request of the hospital because an ambulance was
not available.
During the trip, the brother "began to thrash
about and accidently dislodged the dressing to his heparin lock
causing J.B. to reach over while driving in an attempt to prevent
the lock from coming out of L.B.'s arm.
In doing so, J.B. came
into contact with fluid around the lock site.
J.B.'s hand had
multiple nicks and cuts due to a recent fishing trip."
J.B. and
his family sued the hospital for negligence in a federal
diversity action.
The hospital asserted that Florida procedures
for medical malpractice claims, including a 2-year statute of
limitations and special notice and procedural requirements,
applied to this case and required dismissal.
The 11th Circuit
Court of Appeals certified to the Florida Supreme Court the
question whether the hospital was right.
In a unanimous
decision, the court ruled that the hospital was wrong.
J.B. was
never a patient and received no medical care from the hospital,
wrote Justice Shaw for the court, and thus his claim against the
hospital sounded in negligence rather than malpractice.
J.B. v.
Sacred Heart Hospital of Pensacola, 1994 WL 137919 (April 21). *
* * The Ohio Court of Appeals, 11th District, upheld dismissal of
a complaint March 30 in Gilkes v. Warren General Hospital, 1994
WL 631922.
Plaintiffs, administrator and surviving heirs of
Vivian Gilkes, asserted emotional distress claims against the
hospital for attaching a tag on the body bag stating "Poss. HIV
Pos" because a doctor had ordered an HIV test after medical
personnel were exposed to the deceased's blood during treatment.
The plaintiffs claimed that the funeral parlor did not render
proper services as a result of the tag.
(The deceased was HIV
negative, but the funeral parlor was not notified of this.)
Ohio
statutes authorize physicians to perform HIV testing when
medically necessary, and require health facilities to notify
funeral directors of possible exposure to HIV.
The court held
that the defendant hospital and doctors were entitled to summary
judgment as a matter of law. * * * The Nevada Supreme Court
upheld a 15 year prison sentence for an HIV+ female prostitute
convicted of soliciting an undercover police officer to engage in
oral sex for a fee.
Glegola v. State, 1994 WL 106729 (March 30).
The defendant was charged under NRS 201.358, which creates a
felony punishable by one to 20 years for solicitation for
prostitution by somebody who knows they are HIV+.
Glegola
claimed that she did not actually intend to have sex with the
officer, merely to lead him on and take his money.
The court
ruled, per curiam, that her specific intent was irrelevant, so
long as she engaged in the solicitation activity knowing she was
HIV+.
The court also rejected her argument that a 15 year
sentence was cruel or unusual punishment, despite the likely
reduced lifespan of an infected person.
* * * In Neal v. Neal,
1994 WL 142106 (April 22), the Idaho Supreme Court unanimously
affirmed dismissal of a claim for damages for emotional distress
asserted by a divorcing wife against her adulterous husband,
predicated on fear of contracting a sexually transmitted disease.
Citing a series of HIV-related emotional distress decisions from
other jurisdictions, the court held that "there can be no
reasonable fear of contracting such a disease absent proof of
actual exposure."
There was no evidence that either Mr. Neal's
lover, Mr. Neal, or Mrs. Neal, had any sexually transmitted
diseases. * * * Georgia Superior Court Judge Dan Coursey refused
to overturn a DeKalb County Board of Health order that John
Kappers, a gay man with AIDS who also has tuberculosis, remain
confined to his home in "repiratory isolation," according to a
report in the Chicago Tribune of April 13.
Kappers had planned
to visit relatives in the Netherlands, and has repeatedly tested
negative for active TB, but the director of the Board contends
that the TB test is unreliable in HIV+ individuals. A.S.L.
AIDS Legal Movement Notes
Eileen Hansen, formerly Executive Director of the now-defunct
National Lawyers Guild AIDS Network, has become public policy
director for the AIDS Legal Referral Panel of the San Francisco
Bay Area, replacing Paul DiDonato, who is now a policy associate
at the San Francisco AIDS Foundation.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
The Association of the Bar of the City of New York presents a
special program as part of the Stonewall 25 Celebration in New
York City on Thursday, June 23, at 7:00 p.m., 42 West 44th Street
in Manhattan.
The program is titled "Out From the Bar Raids, On
to the Legal Battles: Lesbian and Gay Civil Rights in the
Aftermath of the Stonewall Riots."
Moderated by Thomas Stoddard,
former Exec. Director of Lambda Legal Defense Fund and the
Campaign for Military Service, the speakers will include Barbara
Gittings, Renee Hanover, Harris Kimball, William J. Thom, Vernon
E. "Copy" Berg, III, and Mary Morgan, all of whom played
important roles in lesbian and gay law, as practitioners,
litigants or activists, in the period leading up to and following
the Stonewall Riots of 1969.
National Lawyers Guild Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual Rights Committee
Chair Karen Moulding has put out a nationwide call for lawyers,
legal assistants and law students to provide assistance in
connection with Stonewall 25.
Immigration attorneys are needed
at all points of entry to ensure that the HIV-waiver extended by
INS for those attending is properly observed, and attorney-
observers are needed in connection with various marches and
demonstrations.
Call 718-797-4441 to connect with the Committee
and volunteer your services.
Attention potential law teachers: The Association of American Law
Schools 1994 Faculty Recruitment Conference will be held in
Chicago Nov. 10-12, at Chicago Hilton & Towers.
The first
register of applicants will be mailed to law schools Aug. 29, and
the first deadline for submission of applications for listing in
the register is Aug. 12.
Applications may be obtained from AALS
by calling 202-296-8851.
The American Bar Association is holding a national institute on
AIDS and the Law in Boston June 16-17 and San Francisco June 23-
24.
To obtain details and registration materials, call the ABA's
professional education department at 1-800-964-4253.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Abernathy, Charles F., When Civil Rights Go Wrong: Agenda and
Process in Civil Rights Reform, 2 Temple Political & Civ. Rts. L.
Rev. 177 (Spring 1993).
Dolkart, Jane L., Hostile Environment Harassment: Equality,
Objectivity, and the Shaping of Legal Standards, 43 Emory L.J.
151 (Winter 1994).
Duncan, Richard F., Who Wants to Stop the Church: Homosexual
Rights Legislation, Public Policy, and Religious Freedom, 69
Notre Dame L. Rev. 393 (1994) (see comment below, Specially
Noted).
Eskridge, William N., Jr., Gaylegal Narratives, 46 Stanford L.
Rev. 607 (February 1994) (framed as a response to Farber &
Sherry, Telling Stories Out of School: An Essay on Legal
Narratives, 45 Stanford L. Rev. 807 (1993), the article uses the
"gays in the military" issue to make its points.
This article
evokes a responsive article by Farber & Sherry on p. 647 of the
same number of Stanford L. Rev.).
Halley, Janet E., Sexual Orientation and the Politics of Biology:
A Critique of the Argument from Immutability, 46 Stanford L. Rev.
503 (February 1994) (takes on the equal protection dilemma: how
to deal with the essentialist/constructionist issue).
Sanchez, John, Constitutional Privacy in Florida: Between the
Idea and the Reality Falls the Shadow, 18 Nova L. Rev. 775
(Winter 1994).
Wintemute, Robert, Sexual Orientation Discrimination, chapter 15
in McCrudden, Christopher & Chambers, Gerald (eds.), Individual
Rights and the Law in Britain (Oxford University Press, 1994) (by
a LeGaL member who teaches law in England).
Yackle, Larry W., Parading Ourselves: Freedom of Speech at the
Feast of St. Patrick, 73 Boston U. L. Rev. 791 (Nov. 1993)
(detailed history of gay St. Patrick's Day parade controversies
in New York and Boston, with thorough analysis of constitutional
issues).
Student Notes & Comments:
Carow, Jennifer L., Davis v. Davis: An Inconsistent Exception to
an Otherwise Sound Rule Advancing Procreational Freedom and
Reproductive Technology, 43 DePaul L. Rev. 523 (Winter 1994).
Courtney, Scot R., "Hate Crime" Statistics -- R.A.V. and Its
Fallout, 19 Thurgood Marshall L. Rev. 163 (Fall 1993).
Grider, Stuart, Sexual Orientation as Grounds for Asylum in the
United States -- In re Tenorio, No. A72 093 558 (EOIR Immigration
Court, July 26, 1993), 35 Harv. Int'l L.J. 213 (Winter 1994).
Harbolt, Thomas P., Welcome to Oregon! No "Pasties" or "G-
Strings" Required: Barnes v. Glen Theatre, Inc., 29 Willamette L.
Rev. 129 (Winter 1993).
Heatherman, Paul B., R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul, Minnesota and
Wisconsin v. Mitchell: The Supreme Court's First Response to Hate
Crimes, 29 Willamette L. Rev. 763 (Fall 1993).
Kadiver, Nasreen Margaret, Wrongful Treatment of Haitian
Refugees: U.S. Violations of Domestic and International Law, 7
Emory Int'l L.Rev. 269 (Spring 1993).
Klyman, Alicia C., Family Law -- Hawk v. Hawk: Grandparent
Visitation Rights -- Court Protects Parental Privacy Rights Over
"Child's Best Interests", 24 Memphis State U. L. Rev. 413 (Winter
1994).
Pettys, Todd Edward, Punishing Offensive Conduct on University
Campuses: Iota Xi Chapter of Sigma Chi Fraternity v. George Mason
University, 72 N.C. L. Rev. 789 (March 1994).
Wagner, Robert J., Evans v. Romer: Colorado Amendment 2 and the
Search for a Fundamental right for Groups to Participate Equally
in the Political Process, 38 St. Louis U. L. J. 523 (Winter 1993-
94).
Specially Noted:
The article by Prof. Richard F. Duncan of University of Nebraska
Law School noted above may well become notorious in short order.
Duncan, a conservative affiliated with the Rutherford Institute
and the Washongton Legal Foundation, explains why laws forbidding
sexual orientation discrimination are "special rights" laws that
violate the First Amendment free exercise of religion rights of
individuals who consider gays to be immoral and don't want to
associate with us in workplaces, businesses, or residential
housing.
This article should be read by anybody engaged in gay
rights work, as it is the most articulate, fully-documented piece
in opposition to gay rights legislation that we have encountered,
and rehearses all the arguments we should be anticipating in our
legal and legislative battles.
It is likely to be cited and
quoted from in both of those forums.
(By the way, Duncan
published an essay during the 1980s calling for mandatory HIV
testing for the entire population.
See Commentary: Public Policy
and the AIDS Epidemic, 2 J. Contemp. Health L. & Pol. 169 (Spring
1989).) * * * The February 1994 issue of Stanford Law Review is
worth special attention, containing both the Halley and Eskridge
articles listed above. A.S.L.
Symposia:
Papers of a Symposium on Hate Crime Legislation: Hate Crimes --
Propriety, Practicality and Constitutionality, 1992/1993 Ann.
Survey Am. L. No. 4. * * * Fifth Annual Issue on State
Constitutional Law, 24 Rutgers L.J. No. 4 (Summer 1993).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Andrias, Richard T., The Criminal Justice System and the
Resurgent TB Epidemic, 9 Crim. Justice No. 1, 2 (Spring 1994).
Gautier, Elise, The Legal Rights and Obligations of HIV-Infected
Health Care Workers.
Pamphlet published by American Association
of Physicians for Human Rights, 273 Church St., San Francisco, CA
94114; 415-255-4547.
$10 per copy ($5 for AAPHR members and
clients).
Radipati, B.D.D., HIV/AIDS and Employment Law: A Comparative
Synopsis, 26 Comp. & Int'l L.J. of Southern Africa 396 (Nov.
1993).
Schonfeld, Robert L., and Seth P. Stein, Fighting Municipal "Tag-
Team": The Federal Fair Housing Amendments Act and Its Use in
Obtaining Access to Housing for Persons With Disabilities, 21
Fordham Urban L.J. 299 (1994).
Student Notes & Comments:
Dean, Lee Ann, Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, Viatical
Settlement, and the Health Care Crisis: AIDS Patients Reach Into
the Future to Make Ends Meet, 25 Rutgers L.J. 117 (Autumn 1993).
Furrow, Barry R., Forcing Rescue: The Landscape of Health Care
Provider Obligations to Treat Patients, 3 Health Matrix - J. L.-
Med. 31 (1993).
Gostin, Lawrence O., The Americans With Disabilities Act and the
Corpus of Anti-Discrimination Law: A Force for Change in the
Future of Public Health Regulation, 3 Health Matrix - J. L.-Med.
89 (1993).
Heth, Jacob A., Dangerous Liaisons: Criminalizing Conduct Related
to HIV Transmission, 29 Willamette L. Rev. 843 (Fall 1993).
Johnson, Kathryn A., Constructive Discharge and "Reasonable
Accommodation" Under the Americans With Disabilities Act, 65
Colo. L. Rev. 175 (1993).
Poston, Sarah, Disability Discrimination -- Developments in
Federal Disability Discrimination Law: An Emerging REsolution to
the Section 504 Damages Issue, 1992/1993 Ann. Survey Am. L. 419.
Rowe, Angela D., Court Allows Discovery From Volunteer Blood
Donors in Transfusion-Related AIDS Litigation, 45 S.C. L. Rev.
162 (Autumn 1993).
Sarnoff, Marc David, Wheeland v. Wheeland: The First AIDS
Transmission Case, 17 Trial Dipl. J. 73 (March/April 1994)
(personal account of heterosexual transmission (female to male)
litigation by plaintiff's attorney).
Schwartz, Robert L., Life Style, Health Status, and Distributive
Justice, 3 Health Matrix - J. L.-Med. 195 (1993).
Sprintz, Heather, The Criminalization of Perinatal AIDS
Transmission, 3 Health Matrix - J. of L.-Med. 495 (Summer 1993).
Book Reviews:
Books Reviewed, AIDS, Health, and Mental Health: A Primary
Sourcebook, by Judith Landau-Stanton and Colleen C. Clements, 22
Bull. Am. Acad. Psych. & L. 145 (1994).
Stein, Robert, Book Note, Drug Licensure: A Social Experiment
Without a Control, 25 Rutgers L.J. 211 (Autumn 1993).
Symposia:
Symposium on the Legal and Ethical Implications of Innovative
Medical Technology, 57 Albany L. Rev. No. 3 (1994).
Specially Noted:
The Correctional Service of Canada has published a series of
volumes resulting from the work of an expert committee appointed
to recommend policies on AIDS in federal prisons.
The Service
has accepted most of the recommendations, but rejected a
recommendation to allow consensual sexual activity in prisons.
Copies of the volumes can be obtained by sending a request to
Health Care Services, Correctional Service Canada, 340 Laurier
Ave. West, 2nd Floor, Section A, Ottawa, Ontario Canada K1A OP9.
The series is titled HIV/AIDS in Prisons, and the volumes are
titled: Summary Report and Recommendations, Final Report, and
Background Materials.
Editor's Note:
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the
Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is
welcome and will be published subject to editing.
