http://www.onewayuk.com/privacy-policy/
One Way UK is committed to protecting your privacy and this policy sets out how we collect personal data, how we use it and how we store it. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you have any questions about your personal information or this policy please contact us by post, email or telephone:
Post: One Way UK Ltd, Ice House Christian Centre, Victor Street, Grimsby, DN32 7QN
Tel: +44(0)1472 362810
Email: david@onewayuk.com
How we collect information
We collect your personal information when you subscribe to our mailing list, contact us in person, or using an online form, communicate with us by email, telephone or post or place an order. We may also collect your personal information in-person at events which you attend.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Full name
Contact information including postal address, email address and telephone number
IP address and other online identifiers
What we do with the information we gather
We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Your data is processed at our headquarters in Grimsby, and in some cases by external parties such as third-party technical service providers. We never pass your personal information on to other organisations for them to use for their own marketing purposes. We may use your personal information in the following ways:
Giving you information about our work and services by post, email and telephone
Administering orders made online, by telephone or by post
Meeting our legal obligations
Complying with our policies and procedures
Responding to your enquiries
The following sections give more detail about how your personal information is used.
Email Mailing Lists
If you subscribe to our email mailing list we collect your email address, your name and the first part of your postcode (so we can send you area related information, for example, local Training Days). We will use your contact details to send you regular emails. Every email we send will always contain a link which allows you to unsubscribe from our mailing list.
Postal Mailing List
If you subscribe to our postal mailing list we collect your name, address and postcode. We will use your contact details to send you news about our Training Days and the Puppet and Creative Ministry Festival by post. To change/update your personal details or ask us to stop communicating with you by post, contact us using the details above.
Daily Devotional Email Mailing Lists
If you subscribe to our email Daily Devotional mailing list we collect your email address and your name We will use your contact details to send you an email each weekday. Every email we send will always contain a link which allows you to unsubscribe from our Daily Devotional mailing list. By receiving these emails you will not be automatically subscribed to any other list or database.
Contact Form or Creative Productions Enquiries
If you contact us through one of our online forms we will collect your name, email address and phone number. We will only use this information for the purpose of processing and answering your enquiry and they will not be added onto any mailing lists unless at a later date this is requested. These details may be securely held indefinitely unless you request for them to be removed.
Puppet Pages Submission
By providing your Team Name, Team Leader, Team website/Facebook/Twitter/Instagram page, Church, Contact Email and Town/City, you give permission for these to be listed publicly on the One Way UK Puppet Pages Directory. They will not be added onto any other mailing lists and they can be removed or updated at any time by emailing david@onewayuk.com.
Credit and Debit Card Payments
If you use a credit or debit card to place an order online or over the phone we make sure that we keep your card details secure. Only trained and authorised staff are allowed to process card payments for phone orders, and card details are destroyed securely once the payment has been processed. Online payments are handled by third party providers SagePay and PayPal – we do not process or store card details electronically. We operate in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). You can find out more about the PCI DSS here.
Marketing
We will only use your details for marketing purposes if you have opted in to receiving our updates.
We will only communicate with you in the ways that you want us to and will always respect your privacy. If you want to change how we contact you, please let us know by calling +44(0)1472 241068 or emailing david@onewayuk.com. If you change your mind and ask us not to use your personal information for marketing purposes, we will action this as soon as possible but we may keep your details on a suppression list so that we know not to contact you.
Usage Data
We monitor and analyse traffic on our websites to help us improve our services and we use a third party service called Google Analytics to help us do this. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”).
How long we keep your information
We keep your personal information for as long as it is needed to provide our services and in accordance with accounting and tax rules. When we no longer need your personal information, it will be securely disposed of.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or records when you visit our site. Cookies allow our web applications to respond to you as an individual, tailoring our site to your needs, speeding up checkout or remembering your preferences. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website. Further information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.aboutcookies.org.
Disclosure of your information to 3rd parties
We will never sell, distribute or provide your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required to by law.
Consent from parents/guardians for children
Children under the age of 13 must get consent from their parent or guardian before submitting their personal data.
Your Rights
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you.
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data.
You have the right to edit and update your personal information at any time.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information.
Should you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the details at the beginning of this policy. Please provide as much information as possible about the nature of your request. It may take up to 28 days for us to comply with your request. If we process your personal information for the exercise or defence of legal claims or we can demonstrate compelling grounds that override your rights and freedoms we may not be able to fulfil your request. However, we will always contact you to discuss further.
Data Protection Act (GDPR)
Any data collected will be held in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation. One Way UK is registered as a Data Controller with the ICO (Information Commissioners Office) and our registration number is ZA330667.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
One Way UK may need to change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. If there are any significant changes to this policy we may contact you by email to let you know.
This policy was last updated on the 10th June 2020.
Create a new list
Wedneday 2nd December Update - We are open and shipping all orders with Royal Mail and DHL. Find all our latest updates at onewayuk.com/covid-19 Dismiss