http://www.virushead.net/vh_privacy.html
Legals
VirusHead Privacy Policy
The webmaster is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. I will not sell, share, trade, or rent this information to others. Disclaimer: Personal information may be disclosed when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, or to comply with a legal process served on our web site.
My visitor stats counter collects IP addresses and other basic information, as do most.
If you write to me using any method (feedback form, email, guestbook etc.) you should be aware that I may post all or part of your text to my blog or site, at my discretion. To respect your privacy I will not post last names, email addresses, telephone numbers, or street addresses without your explicit written permission. I reserve the right to selectively excerpt the letters and I may include a response. Strongly offensive materials will be edited or selectively excerpted at my discretion, since this is a family-friendly site. Your submission or other feedback indicates your agreement with these terms. If you don't want to see your letters posted to the blog, don't write them.
The VirusHead web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that I am not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. Cookies may be created by third-party companies hosting advertisements on this site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis. Sponsor ads may also
implement pixel tags. You can disable pixel tags by changing your browser settings to omit images, and there are commercial software packages available that can omit pixel tags and most advertisements. These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and pixel tag technologies to measure the effectiveness of Web and e-mail advertisements. We do not give any personally identifiable information to them as part of this relationship. Use of their tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies. I encourage you to be aware and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
I ask that minors (under the age of 13) do not submit any personal information to me or sign my guestbooks. I do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. I would prefer that all guests be at least 18.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact the webmaster.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License.
Visitor Count
© VirusHead 2004-2013, some rights reserved.
Graphics are mine or used with permission/credit on the same page. Privacy Policy
Subsites
Blog
About
Contact
Poetry
Church of Benevolent Deities
Fae Lily's Woodland Glen
Pregnancy Loss
Blinkies
BabyBoo Jr Freebies
Legal
Support this site
with webhosting
from DreamHost