http://www.investorprotection.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. respects each individual's right to personal privacy.
We collect and use information through our web site in the ways disclosed in this statement.
This statement applies solely to information collected at Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C.'s web site.
Information Collection
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive.
By showing us how and when customers use our site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information. In the future, we may use cookies to speed navigation, keep track of items and provide you with custom-tailored content.
Many improvements and updates to our site are based on the data derived from these cookies, such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies.
What is your policy if I link to a third-party web site?
When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site.
How will Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. Use My Information?
Any email or contact information you provide to Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. is considered strictly confidential and will be used only to communicate with you. We do not provide your information to any third party for the purposes of marketing or promotions.
Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. may occasionally send informational or promotional email communications to you. If at any time, you do not want to receive these communications or choose to receive only certain types of information, please contact Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. and communication status will be modified to respect your request.
Will Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. Release My Information?
Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. will only release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements, or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. our users, or others. Information will not be released under any other circumstances.
Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C. by email.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Maddox Hargett & Caruso, P.C.. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
These terms are subject to change.
This privacy policy was last modified on May 26, 2009.
Top of Page
Get Answers
All fields required.
Name:
Email:
Confirm Email:
Phone with area code:
Please leave this field empty.
Investment Explanation:
By submitting this form, I agree to the disclaimer
Selection of Counsel
Is an important decision that should be made with great care. Review our credentials; contact us to discuss your case.
About Us
Attorney Profiles
B-D Spotlight
LPL Financial
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Protect Yourself
Annuities
ASTA-MAT-Falcon
Behringer Harvard REIT
Bond Funds
Elder Investment Fraud
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)
Inland Western REIT
Inland American REIT
Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs)
Retirement Plan Abuses
Whistleblower Protection
Stockbroker Misconduct
Investment Firms
Investment Products
Investor News
Investor Blog
Investigations