http://www.ariel.org/legal/privacy-policy?navid=2455787
Home
About
Ariel Ministries History
Board of Directors
Dr. Fruchtenbaum
English Version
Polish Version
Doctrinal Statement
Branches
Ariel Australia
Ariel Canada
Jacques Gabizon, Director
Jackie Fierman
Ariel Germany
Ariel Hungary
Ariel India
Ariel Israel
Ariel New Zealand
Ariel United States
Ariel Dallas/Fort Worth
Ariel United States - Southwest
Field Representatives
Michael Gabizon: Montreal, Quebec
John Metzger: Matthews, NC
Jack Nakashima: Rock Hill, SC
Partners
Gefen International
Messiah Comes
Legal Information
News
General
Prayer Guide
Magazine
Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Outreach Videos
Feasts of Israel
Jesus Was A Jew
Come and See
Instructions
Studies
Translations
Messiah Comes
Other Languages
Product Outlines
Giving
Finding Messiah
Life in Messiah
Thought Tracts
Messiah Comes
Shoshanah
Program of Jewish Studies
Campground Facilities
Store
New Items
Bible Book Studies
Books
eSword Modules
Evangelism Tools
Messianic Bible Studies
Systematic Theology
Clearance
Topical Studies
Online Courses
Contacts
Privacy Policy
Ariel Ministries takes seriously the privacy of those that use our services either in physical form or electronically on our web site. We have
established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information we collect and how that information is used and safeguarded.
By accessing www.ariel.org, you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this policy at our sole discretion
and without notice.
What information is collected?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally (non-personally identifiable
information, non-PII). We track information such as the domain from which the user is visiting and the user's browser type. We also collect
specific information regarding the user's session on our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages
viewed.
Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII) by filling in forms. This information generally includes,
but is not limited to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number. We request this information when the user:
Requests to receive specific information from us such as program information
Signs up to receive our regular notifications
Corresponds with us via email
Makes a donation or purchase.
Ariel Ministries does not collect special categories of data including political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships,
genetic or biometric data, health or mortality data, sexual orientation, or information from children under the age of 13.
How is the information used?
When a user makes a donation or purchase, personally identifiable financial information(such as bank account or credit card information) is collected
and used only for the completion of those transactions. The financial information is not stored or accessible to us from within our systems.
When a person orders a product by postal mail, by phone, or in person we collect personally identifiable financial information in order to complete
the transaction by means of the same electronic platforms as for online transactions. After completion of the transaction, the written financial
information is not stored, but is shredded and disposed of.
From the website, non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve
the content and service the website provides. Personally identifiable information collected on the website, or by means of electronic surveys
is used for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide the user.
Ariel Ministries owns the collected information and will not sell, rent, lease, exchange, or give the information to outside individuals or entities. We
may use this information to offer promotions, services, news updates, event announcements, or other relevant content. Ariel Ministries may share
this information within its branch offices to streamline communications and reduce duplication of mailings, but will not make this information
available to anyone outside of the organization.
Are "Cookies" used on the website?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user's hard drive. We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies
are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more
useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web
sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they
do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies.
However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the Ariel Ministries site if you do so.
How is personally identifiable information safeguarded?
Ariel Ministries utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information. Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed to secure physical and electronic information. Finally, access to PII is limited to a small number of personnel and only on a need-to-know basis.
Links to other web sites
Ariel Ministries web site may contain links to other internet web sites. Ariel Ministries neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not
responsible for the content of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-Ariel Ministries
web sites.
How to opt out of correspondence
Based on the information a user has provided, Ariel Ministries may send e-mail or postal correspondence to the user. Each form of correspondence will contain an easy means to opt out of further correspondence.
Additional Pages
Privacy Policy
Documents Policy
Whistleblower Policy
Financial Statement
Form 990
Would you like to receive Ariel Ministries updates via email?
Bible Teaching from a Messianic Jewish Perspective.
Mailing Address
PO Box 792507
San Antonio, TX 78279
Office Hours
Monday - Friday 8am - 5pm CST
Closed Saturday, Sunday, and Major Holidays
© 2020 Ariel Ministries. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy //
Relevant Made