http://www.women-alive.org/privacy-policy.html
Toggle navigation
Home
WIC
About
Services
Events
Donate
Contact
Join
Join Us
Employment
Volunteer
Internships
Information Collection and Use
Women Alive is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We maintain the privacy of our supporters through various technical means of protection. We offer web users the option of keeping their names anonymous and provide easy ways for donors to state their mailing preferences. Donors can indicate that they do not want their name shared, rented or sold by sending us an email.
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with an appropriate law enforcement investigation, current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Mailing List
Users who join the mailing list will receive periodic mailings throughout the year.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When you submit sensitive information via the Web site, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our donation or order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry — SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer will become locked.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our supporters’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If your contact information changes, or if you would like to be removed from our mailing list, the Global Fund for Women will correct, update or remove that information. To make such a change, please e-mail us.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Web Site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we decide to change our privacy policy in a material way, for example, use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will post those changes prominently on our web site for 30 days prior to taking effect. Users will always have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
Cookies
We use cookies in our online store to remember your billing address and the items in your shopping cart. This allows you to leave the shopping cart and return without having to reenter this information, don’t forget that you are allow to use coupon code in our website (click here for more information). You have the option to delete any of this information at any time. Your credit card information is entered once at the end of your transaction and is not stored by us in any way.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track how our supporters use our site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Search for:
STD Testing Atlanta
STD Testing Austin
STD Testing Boston
STD Testing Dallas
STD Testing Denver
STD Testing Detroit
STD Testing Houston
STD Testing Las Vegas
STD Testing Los Angeles
STD Testing Miami
STD Testing Minneapolis
STD Testing New York
STD Testing Philadelphia
STD Testing Phoenix
STD Testing San Diego
STD Testing San Francisco
STD Testing Seattle
STD Testing Washington DC