https://www.chicagoweddingservices.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Chicago Wedding Services
Home
Home Static
Home Video
Home Map
Unique Venues
Top Videographers
Categories
Accessories
Attire
Bachelorette | Bachelor
Beauty Stylists
Bridal Boot Camp
Cakes
Catering
Dance Lessons
Decor
Aisle Runners
Decor Rental
Floral Decor
DJs
First Home
Florists
Gifts & Favors
Invites & Stationery
Jewelry
Musicians
Officiants
Orchestras | Bands
Photo Booths
Photographers
Rentals
Singers
Transportation
Venues
Videographers
Wedding Planners & Coordinators
All Categories
All Locations
Listings
Listing List View
Listing Grid View
Listing Map (2 Col)
Listing Map (3 Col)
Add Listing
Blogs
Business Partner Menu
Author Profile
Dashboard
Pricing Plan
Add Listing
Checkout
About CWS
FAQ
Contact us
Add Listing
LoginorRegister
Add Listing
Add Listing
Privacy Policy | Chicago Wedding Services
Home
Privacy Policy | Chicago Wedding Services
Privacy Statement
ChicagoWeddingServices.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.chicagoweddingservices.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
IP Addresses
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
Contact forms
Our site’s information request form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the form to forward to relevant vendors/members so they can send the user details about their availability, pricing and services offered. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. ChicagoWeddingServices.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We occasionally utilize online surveys to ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We occasionally run promotions on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our promotions to send users information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to Donn@ChicagoWeddingServices.com
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
email Donn@ChicagoWeddingServices.com
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Donn DuranteChicagoWeddingServices.comc/o Lucid State, LLC132 Taylor Ridge Ave., Ponte Vedra, FL 32081, USADonn@ChicagoWeddingServices.com
Company InfoAbout Us
Our Listings
Our Pricing Plan
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Helpful LinksHome
All Locations
All Categories
Listing Grid View
Blogs
Connect with CWS
Email Donn
Contact Form
CWS Pinterest
Spotify
YouTube
Instagram
Add Listing
Stay Connected
Subscribe
Leave this field empty if you're human:
©2020 Lucid State LLC. ChicagoWeddingServices.com is a Lucid State landmark.
Login
×
Login
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
E-mail:
Get New Passworddireo
Not a member?
Register
Register
×
*
I agree to the
Privacy
&
Terms
Register
Please wait...
Already a member?
Login