http://www.nasi.org/privacy
Skip to Page Content
Search the Academy:
Home About the Academy Events Press Room Student Opportunities My Profile
Learn About Social Insurance
Research Key Policy Areas
COVID-19 Impact: Social Insurance Responses
Social Security
Medicare and Health Policy
Long-Term Services and Supports
Workers' Compensation
Disability
Unemployment Insurance
Caregiving
Workforce Issues and Employee Benefits
Inequality
Poverty and Income Assistance
Discuss Share in Our Ideas
Support Contribute to NASI
Thinking about Retirement?
WATCH: A Tale of Two Brothers: It Pays to Wait
Social Security: Americans Agree VIDEO
Have you seen “Social Security: Americans Agree?” Click here to learn more.
Social Security: Just the Facts Video
Have you seen, “Social Security: Just the Facts?” Click here to learn more.
COVERED: a week-by-week look at the political and legislative developments that led to the creation of Medicare and Medicaid 50 years ago. Bob Rosenblatt, Academy senior fellow and former Los Angeles Times Washington correspondent will report on the people and the maneuvers that led to this major expansion of social insurance.
Home »
Privacy Policy
The National Academy of Social Insurance is committed to protecting your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site, www.nasi.org (the "Site").
Information We Collect
The mailing list form is the only section of this site that collects personal information. This information might include your name, address, phone and fax numbers, and/or email address, as well as other information about yourself and/or your organization. The Academy does not share this information with other organizations for commercial purposes or for activities not consistent with the mission of the Academy.
How We Use This Information
By providing information about yourself or your organization on the Site, you are giving consent for the National Academy of Social Insurance to use this information internally and as provided below. The National Academy of Social Insurance will not give away or sell any information collected on this Site.
We may use the contact information that you voluntarily provide to us through the online application form to contact you when necessary -- such as to follow-up on user feedback or process information requests.
On occasion, we may also use the contact information that you voluntarily provide to us through “Add Me to Mailing List” to send you information about important news, events, and resources in which we think you might be interested.
If you do not wish to receive mail or email from us in the future, please let us know by communicating your request via email, telephone, fax, or mail to the National Academy of Social Insurance (contact information below). You may also ask us to delete your personally identifiable information from our records.
Use of Cookies
This Site contains "cookies," a tracking mechanism which enables us to understand how people use the Site so that we can most effectively deliver information to our users. No personally identifiable information is discovered through our use of cookies; the cookies are simply random, unique identifiers that help us to track how our audience is using this Site.
Guidelines for the ListServs
If you would like to join one of the Academy's Listservs, we request a name and email address. Please remember that any information disclosed through the Listserv becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
This site contains links to other web sites. If you click on a link to a third-party web site, you will be transported to that third-party web site and away from this Site. Your use of such third-party site, and any information you provide during your visit to that site, is subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third-party web site, and not this Site. The National Academy of Social Insurance is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, nor do we endorse or guarantee information they provide users.
Comments?
We welcome your questions and comments about online privacy. Please feel free to contact the National Academy of Social Insurance with any privacy concerns by calling (202) 452-8097 or sending us an e-mail.
This Privacy Policy May Change
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and without notice to you. If our policy should change regarding the use of this information, it will be posted on the Site in an updated and revised version of this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact:
Kristine Quinio, Director of Development
National Academy of Social Insurance
1200 New Hampshire Avenue, NW, Suite 830
Washington, DC 20036
(202) 452-8097 (phone)
(202) 452-8111 (fax)
© National Academy of Social Insurance
Privacy Policy Contact Us
1200 New Hampshire Avenue, NW • Suite 830 • Washington, DC 20036 USA
Phone: 202-452-8097 • Fax: 202-452-8111 • nasi@nasi.org