http://www.icej.org/terms-and-conditions
Change Region:
Top Menu
News
Contact
Donate
Login
Search this site:
Change Region
Home
About usICEJ Headquarters
Mandate
Objectives
History
PartnershipsChristian Friends Of Yad VashemJoin Christian Friends of Yad Vashem
The Holocaust
Yad Vashem
Endorsements
Arise Young Adults
Position StatementsCape Town Declaration
Beyond Labels
European Leadership Funding
Swords into Ploughshares
Worldwide BranchesInternational Development
Job Opportunities
Get InvolvedDonate
Pray for IsraelBattling for Zion
If My People
Free ICEJ Magazine
Planned Giving
Contact Us
ICEJ AidVision
Israel in Crisis
Home for Holocaust Survivors
Current AppealsDisaster Relief
Haifa Home Building Project
Haifa Home Current Needs
Learning for all!
Adopt a Holocaust Survivor
Holiday Appeals
Relief Work
AliyahICEJ AliyahALIYAH TIMELINE
Defining Aliyah
Bnei Menashe Aliyah
Chinese Aliyah
Ethiopian Aliyah
Ukrainian Aliyah
French Aliyah
Immigrant Assistance
Rescue 250
HomecareSadness and Joy
The Story of Homecare
An Aliyah to Celebrate!
From the Frozen land to the Promised land
When Love Multiplies
ICEJ AID Reports
Forest of Life
MediaICEJ TV
ICEJ NewsCoronavirus - Jerusalem Perspective
Press Statements
Word from JerusalemWFJ Archive 2019
WFJ Archive 2018
WFJ Archive 2017
WFJ Archive 2016
WFJ Archive 2015
WFJ Archive 2014
WFJ Archive 2013
WFJ Archive 2012
WFJ Archive 2011
WFJ Archive 2010
WFJ Archive 2009
WFJ Archive 2008
WFJ Archive 2004-07
Christian Zionism 101Biblical ZionismA Biblical Stand On Zionism I
A Biblical Stand On Zionism II
History of Christian Zionism
Defense of Christian Zionism
The Question of Justice
The Jerusalem Declaration on Christian Zionism
Christian Zionism in Balance
'Just Peacemaking' Letter
Christian Zionism & Social Justice
Israel's CallingWhy We Support Israel
Replacement Theology
Israel: Vehicle of World Redemption
Abrahamic Covenant
Fulfillment Theology
Folly of Fulfillment
Israel and Jesus
Israel and ChristiansFriends in the Nations
The Root of Anti-Semitism
The Ephramite Fable
Bible Teachings
Susan's Blog
EventsFeast of TabernaclesFeast DVD's & CD's
Live Streaming
Envision Pastors Conference
Arise Summer Tour
Yad Vashem Leadership Seminar
CampaignsIsaiah 62 Prayer InitiativeAbout Isaiah 62 Prayer
Isaiah 62 Exposition
Isaiah 62 Prayer Archives2018 Archives
2017 ArchivesApril 2017
2016 Archives
Current Prayer Guide
Pledge to Pray
Israel Answers
Bibles to UNESCO
Jerusalem UnitedThe Question of Jerusalem
Jewish Sovereignty Over Jerusalem
Israel Buyer's Guide
Key IssuesDelegitimizationStanding against the Tide
Siding with the Truth
Christ at the Checkpoint
Still Fighting Apartheid
Denouncing Israel to Congress
Palestinian StatehoodICEJ Statement on bid for Statehood at the UN
CBN: '700 Club' Interview
Implications of Statehood
ICEJ Radio: UN Showdown
Israel's Legal Foundation
Borders & Jerusalem
Durban DeclarationDurban III: NY 2011
Myth of Israeli Apartheid
Demonizing the Jews
The Durban Dilemma
Obama's UN Double-Take
RefugeesRefugees Forever
Forgotten Refugees
A Nuclear IranStop Iran Petition
Appeasing Wickedness
Palestinian ChristiansJustice Can Only be Based on Truth
Roots of Christian Exodus
Holy Land Christians
Our Battered Brethren
Of Silence And Scorn
Bethlehem Rebound
The Persecuted ChurchCry of the People of Egypt
Israel’s Troubled Neighbor Syria
Middle East Christianity
Under Siege
Islam & Terrorism
Pray with ICEJ
Store
Home ›
Terms and Conditions
The ICEJ respects your privacy
The International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) is committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. The following online privacy policy is intended to protect and secure the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified) you provide to us online.
In addition, the ICEJ will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. We may periodically send you e-mail announcing news and event information. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings from us as well.
No Sharing of Personal Information
The ICEJ never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information with other organizations. The ICEJ assures you that the identity of all who contact or donate to us through this Web site or through other offline means will be kept confidential.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers. Should you wish to delete your personal information from our data bases, this will be done upon request, and we will no longer store any of your personal information.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
From time to time, we may send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which areas of our network of Web sites you have visited (i.e. e-commerce sites, etc.). We may use this information to better personalize the content you see on our sites.
Many Web sites place cookies on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse all cookies, or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Security
The ICEJ is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information in compliance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS). To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. The ICEJ uses Internet Encryption Software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Any information you enter is encrypted at your browser, sent over the public Internet in encrypted form, and then de-encrypted at our server. Once we receive your credit card information, it is accessible only to a small number of trusted ICEJ employees who have been specially trained in processing this information.
In the event of any security breach pertaining to our online users and subscribers, we are obligated to inform you within 72 hours of any such breach.
Children's Online Privacy
We are concerned about the privacy of young children and do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13. We encourage you to become involved with your child's access to the Internet and to our site in order to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected.
To read more about online safety and how to become more involved with your child's online experience, visit the Federal Trade Commission Web site. You may also benefit from the information and resources available on ProtectKids.com.
Shipping Policy
Most orders are shipped within 3 business days. All orders are shipped via USPS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or comparable national or international carrier. Processing time of your order can vary from 3-14 days depending on product availability, or in some cases up to 4-6 weeks. Additional charges may apply depending on weight. We will notify you of any additional charges before shipping. When calculating actual ship date, please do not count Saturdays, Sundays or Federal Holidays. DHL will not ship to P.O. Boxes. Please include a complete street address for all orders. If ordering internationally, any taxes, customs, or related fees will be your responsibility at the time of receipt.
Billing Policy
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express. All online orders are processed through 128 bit SSL encryption to protect your credit card information during your online transaction. All prices and figures are listed in US Dollars or in the local currency where available.
Return Policy
All orders are nonrefundable. Damaged or defective product may be exchanged for a replacement. Donations are fully refundable upon request.
Account policy
The ICEJ reserves the right to de-activate or remove any user accounts provided at www.icej.org without a notice if user has provided wrong information, has violated common Internet policies or if the account has been inactive for more than 60 days.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. International Christian Embassy Jerusalem will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. International Christian Embassy Jerusalem stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Web Sites
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which International Christian Embassy Jerusalem has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Download License
Downloads are solely for personal, noncommercial use. Copies of download can only be stored on computers or devices owned by the person or entity who purchased the download. Additional licenses of downloads can be purchased from www.icej.org.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have comments or questions about any of our policies or our website, please contact us. For information about your payment or order, please contact us at +972-2-539-9700 (Jerusalem) or 1-615-895-9830 (USA) during office hours (9am - 5pm) or use our Worldwide Directory to reach your local ICEJ branch.
Our mailing address is:
ICEJ Jerusalem
PO Box 1192
Jerusalem 9101002
Israel
ICEJ USA
PO Box 332974
Murfreeboro, TN 37133
USA
Reach your local ICEJ branch via our Worldwide Directory.
Share this:
Pray
Join the Isaiah 62 Prayer Initiative
Join
Latest updates from Jerusalem
Give
Make a difference in Israel
Latest News
Middle East faces prospects of Biden presidency
The Battle of Voices
Render Unto Caesar
The Referendum on Trump
View All
Privacy
Contact
The International Christian Embassy Jerusalem was founded in 1980 as an evangelical response for the need to comfort Zion according to the command of the scripture found in Isaiah 40:1-2;"Comfort, comfort my people says your God. Speak tenderly to Jerusalem..."
PO Box 1192, Jerusalem, 9101002, Israel
Tel +972 2 539 9700
© International Christian Embassy Jerusalem
Web Design ©
Herkimer, LLC