http://www.fbcdayton.org/privacy-statement/
First Baptist Church (FBC) recognizes privacy and security as a concern for itself and individuals accessing the Internet. This describes the privacy policy and the security measures we take to protect personal information. By using our Web Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by FBC as set forth in the policy. If there are any changes to our policy, the changes will be posted on the Web Site. You must check back periodically to ensure you have the most current policy.
What information is collected?
FBC collects personally-identifiable information, including name, title, company, address, e-mail address, phone numbers, etc. You are not required to provide information to obtain access to any part of our Web Site.
Our Web Site server also collects the domain names of visitors to our Web Site. This information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on theFBC Web Site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our Web Site and to improve content.
Who is collecting the information?
When you are on the FBC Web Site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with FBC. The FBC Web Site may contain various links to third-party Web sites. These sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. These sites are owned and operated independently of FBC, and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these Web sites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. FBC has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.
How is my information used?
FBC’s primary goal in collecting personal information is to facilitate business relationships and to enable us to contact you to fulfill requests. This information may also be used to provide you with a customized experience on our site, which includes interactive communications, and other services.
The FBC site may also contain optional surveys and questionnaires asking for information, as well as several opportunities for visitors to ask questions. We use the information you provide to help us design and build better services, to customize your experience, and to provide advice and recommendations. Taking part in any of these segments is always optional.
We also use the information we collect to help target valuable marketing and advertising offers. This kind of advertising may be done with banner ads as well as promotional emails sent by FBC, or by third parties under contract with FBC.
FBC may perform research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a request, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual. FBC may share this aggregated data with our business partners.
With whom does FBC share my information?
Except as outlined in this policy or on our web site, it is FBC’s policy not to provide your personal information to third-parties without your consent.
FBC may match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers (customer profiling). FBC may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Web site to prospective business partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.
Additional Information
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy on the Site, or wish to opt-out of any email list, please contact us at:
First Baptist Church
111 West Monument Avenue
Dayton, Ohio 45402
Phone: (937) 222-4691
Fax: (937) 222-0649
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to fbc@fbcdayton.org.
When you come to First Baptist Church you will find an open table.
All are welcome; none are excluded.
Contact Us
First Baptist Church
111 West Monument Avenue
Dayton, Ohio 45402
Email: fbc@fbcdayton.org
Phone: (937) 222-4691
Tweets by FBCDaytonOH Shop AmazonSmile
Support Our Baptist Youth Fellowship Through AmazonSmile!
Just go to smile.amazon.com and log-in with your Amazon.com username and password. Search for “First Baptist Church Dayton” in the list of charitable organizations and click “Select.” Then each time you want to buy something through Amazon, go to smile.amazon.com (not Amazon.com) and log-in and buy as you normally would.  0.5% of all eligible purchases will be donated to our church’s BYF. Thanks for your support!
Sign Up for Our Weekly E-News
First Name
Last Name
Email
Other Comments