http://www.jamsadr.com/events/2020/broaden-your-horizon-an-examination-of-alternative-legal-careers
Skip to content
The Latest Resolution Center Updates From JAMS
LEARN MORE
×
Submit a Case
Find a Neutral
SHARE WITH
COLLEAGUES
ADD TO
CALENDAR
Broaden Your Horizon: An Examination of Alternative Legal Careers
Presented by JAMS and the Massachusetts Black Lawyers Association
JAMS-SPONSORED EVENT
WEBINAR
DIVERSITY
Broaden Your Horizon: An Examination of Alternative Legal Careers
Presented by JAMS and the Massachusetts Black Lawyers Association
The legal field offers many jobs and career opportunities encompassing a wide range of skills, experience, and interests. We all share the goal of increasing the number of diverse and underrepresented groups who enter into the law but growth and success within the profession is equally important. Integral to growth is the awareness of all the various roles available to help you thrive and maintain an interest in your career.
This webinar is designed to give you a broader view of the various legal roles to explore anywhere along the road in your career as a lawyer. Hear perspectives from an experienced neutral/retired judge, in-house lawyer, outside counsel and a state attorney about the possibility of expanding your career to a different and challenging role. We will discuss:
How to become a Mediator and Arbitrator
The role of an In-House Lawyer versus law firm counsel
What skills should I develop in order to pursue a political career?
The importance of diversifying all alternative legal positions
The need to broaden the bench for a deeper perspective
What are some of the distinct challenges that affect diverse lawyers changing roles?
Featured Speakers
Kim M. Keenan, Esq., JAMS
Hon. Gregory M. Sleet (Ret.), JAMS
Masai-Maliek King, Suffolk County District Attorney’s Office
Damian Wilmot, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated
Eron Hackshaw (Moderator), Boston University School of Law
JAMS Events and Webinars
JAMS events bring you timely topics in alternative dispute resolution (ADR), industry leading speakers, and stellar networking opportunities. Explore our full list of upcoming events and webinars.
About JAMS – Local Solutions. Global Reach.TM
Founded in 1979, JAMS is the largest private provider of alternative dispute resolution services worldwide. JAMS successfully resolves and manages business and legal disputes by providing efficient, cost-effective and impartial ways to overcome barriers at any stage of conflict. JAMS offers customized dispute resolution services locally and globally through a combination of industry-specific experience, first-class client service, top-notch facilities and highly trained panelists. More information about JAMS is available on our About Us page, and you can connect with us on Twitter, LinkedIn and our JAMS ADR blog.
EXPLORE MORE ON THESE TOPICS
MEDIATION
ARBITRATION
RELATED RESOLUTION CENTERS
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS
PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA
WASHINGTON, D.C.
FEATURED PEOPLE
Kim M. Keenan
Gregory M. Sleet
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
News
Contact Us
Events
Submit a Case
Disclaimer
This website is not a solicitation for business. All content on the JAMS website is intended to provide general information about JAMS and an opportunity for interested persons to contact JAMS. The content of this website is not offered as legal advice or legal opinion and it should not be relied upon for any specific situation.  JAMS neutrals are not engaged in the practice of law and no attorney client relationship is intended.  This website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a complete description of JAMS services. While JAMS endeavors to keep the information updated and correct, JAMS makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, or reliability of the information contained in this website. SEE MORE
Disclaimer   |   Consumer Case Information    |   Neutrality   |   CCPA Compliance
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Copyright 2020 JAMS. All Rights Reserved
800.352.5267
Loading... Please wait