http://www.vetfriends.com/about/faq_privacy_statement.cfm
Loading, please wait
X
Sign up to receive our newsletter regarding Veterans, Reunions, Military, Veteran Benefits, Military Pictures, Jokes, Military History,
Military Catalog, Sales, Discounts & more.
First Name
Please Enter Your first nameWith no spaces before or after
Last Name
Please Enter Your last nameWith no spaces before or after
Email Address
Please Enter a Valid email address with no spaces
Branch
Select
Air Force
Army
Coast Guard
Marine Corp
Navy
Family & Friends
Please select a branch
View our Privacy Statement here
Thank you for signing up for the VetFriends Newsletter!
VetFriends Connecting Veterans and
Reuniting Thousands of Old Friends
VetFriends Members:
2,763,610
SIGN UP
|
LOGIN
Search Veterans
Search Veterans & Military
Search Military Units
Search U.S. Public Records
Search U.S. Military
Info
Military Records
Veteran ID
Military Rank & Insignia Chart
MetLife Veteran Insurance
Military Pay Chart
Military Structure Chart
U.S. Military Base Map
U.S. Deployments Overseas
VA Ratings
Veteran Business Directory
Community
Our Blog
Message Board
Military Photos
Military Reunion Stories
Military Cadences
Military Jokes
Military Lingo
Great Military Web Pages
Recommended Military Books
Today in Military History
Veteran Business Directory
Events
Veteran Organizations
Reunions Calendar
Veterans Day Parades
Veterans Day Forum
Military Casualty Memorial
Memorial Day Parades
Memorial Day Forum
Shop
Shop the Store
Hats
Shirts
License Plates
Pins
Patches
Coins
New Arrivals
About
About VetFriends
Become a Member
VetFriends & MetLife
Advertise with Us
FAQ/Policies
Interview a Veteran
Veteran ID
Contact Us
My Profile
Create My Profile
Login
FAQ & Quick Links
General Information
• About Us
• Contact Us
• Privacy Statement
Membership Information
• Membership Levels
• User Profile
• Military Member Search
Catalog Purchases
• Price Match Guarantee
• Promo Codes & Discounts
• Shipping Policies
• Return Policy
Additional Resources
• Quick Links to:
• E-Mail Preferences
• Help Videos
• Advertising with VetFriends
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.VetFriends. If you feel that VetFriends.com is not abiding by its posted privacy policy,
you should contact the VetFriends.com Customer Service Director by clicking this link. Contact Us
Information Collection and Use
VetFriends is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. VetFriends collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
This information is used to assist visitors in locating their Veteran friends whom they have served with. In general, VetFriends retains the right to rent or sell
member information. This assists us in covering the costs of operating the website.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the members' registration form.
During registration a user is required to give their contact information
(such as name and email address).
This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. Moreover,
the contact information is used to notify the user of new members who served in the same military unit as themselves.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the users hard drive containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally
identifiable information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
For instance, by setting a cookie on our site,
the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.
If a user rejects the cookie, they will not have access to the
members' section. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Some of our business partners
use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that VetFriends is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally
identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user
therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and
demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used for
purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. VetFriends will automatically
send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site.
VetFriends stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. The friend
may contact us to request the removal of this information from their database.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both
online and off-line. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.
All of our users information is restricted in our and our ISP's (Interland.com) offices.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job
(for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. If you have any questions about the security at our
website, please contact us.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products,
services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Membership Emails
In selecting to receive VetFriends membership emails, you agree and understand that unit member count notification emails like this are sent out,
letting members know that others have joined. VetFriends does not guarantee that you may know these members, however the system lets you know that
he or she is a member who served in the same unit, or a family member of someone who served in the same military unit as you. Please note: Some unit
names are entered differently by each member at sign up, so there may be more members from your unit on VetFriends. With premium access try searching
with the broadest unit name variations, or contact us directly for assistance.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information
about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a users personally identifiable information changes (such as your email address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to
correct, update or remove that users personal data provided to us.
This can usually be done at the member information page or by contacting us.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by updating their member's
profile in the members' section of VetFriends.com or clicking here. Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside
parties.
We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
How We Use the Information We Collect
At VetFriends.com, we always want to provide you with the easiest and best possible shopping experience from the time you begin looking for products and services through the delivery of your requested items. The information that we collect lets us meet this goal by allowing us to:
-Customize your shopping experience
-Confirm, process and track your orders
-Provide the products and services you request
-Contact you with questions or status updates regarding an order
-Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online
-Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests
-Identify your product and service preferences
-Communicate great values and featured items to you
-Send you promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
-Send you VetFriends.com email updates
-Improve our merchandise selection, Website, and customer care
-Provide information concerning products you have purchased
-Prevent or mitigate fraud and credit risk
-Administer billing and payment for your purchases
-Administer promotions, contests and sweepstakes
-Comply with applicable law, legal procedures, requirements, regulations and statutes
-VetFriends.com does offer some of our services in connection with affiliated companies as well as other third parties. Third party websites may have different privacy practices than
described in this Privacy Policy. We strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies associated with third party websites as this Privacy Policy applies only to the VetFriends.com
Website, VetFriends.com's services, and VetFriends.com's handling of Personal Information.
Personal Information that you provide to third party websites may be sent to VetFriends.com in order to deliver the services you have requested. You can be assured that we will process Personal Information we receive from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information Sharing Practices
We want you to understand when and with whom we may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on our Website or while using our services. We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared. We may share personal information with:
Authorized service providers: We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, delivering packages, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our website. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
Business partners: When you make purchases, reservations or engage in promotions offered through our websites, we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that business partner.
Other affiliated businesses: We are part of a family of businesses for cooperative marketing purposes (Affiliates). We may share information we collect, including personal information, with those Affiliates. Sharing information with our Affiliates enables us to provide you with information about a variety of products and services that might interest you. Our Affiliates will comply with applicable privacy and security laws and, at a minimum, in any commercial e-mail they send will give you the opportunity to choose not to receive such e-mail messages in the future.
ATTENTION CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS
Pursuant to California law, you have the right to obtain a list of organizations to which we rent or disclose information for direct marketing purposes. To request this list, email your name, mailing address, and email address to us at support@vetfriends.com.
If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from VetFriends.com, please unsubscribe using the link we provide at the bottom of our promotional emails.
ATTENTION CALIFORNIA/NEVADA CUSTOMERS
If you would like to opt out of allowing us to share your personal information on file, please click here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information - or let us know by emailing us at support@vetfriends.com or by calling us at 1-800-975-1618. These requests will be completed within 45 days of submission.
Safe, Secure Ordering
We respect your right to privacy and ensure that your personal information is kept completely safe and secure at all times, whether ordering by phone or online. We occasionally share our customer list with reputable, carefully screened companies whose products we feel may be of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your name, please let us know at 1-800-975-1618.
Choices for Receiving Promotional Material
You may also decide to opt out of receiving promotional mail and/or email from VetFriends.com. Simply notify us of this decision by one of these methods:
1)Follow the unsubscribe link on any promotional email received from VetFriends.com.
2)Send an email to us at support@vetfriends.com
3)Call us toll free at 1-800-975-1618
Write to us at:
VetFriends.com
547 Long Point Road
Ste. 113 - 114
Mt. Pleasant, SC 29464
Please note that any opt-out request sent via postal mail may take at least forty-five (45) days to become effective. You may still receive email or postal mail from other affiliated companies and third parties if they have received your email or postal address from sources other than VetFriends.com or as a result of their own transactions or experiences with you. You will also continue to receive email or postal mail if you request to hear from us again at a later date.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and
under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it
was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use
information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
SITEMAP
Search Veterans
Veteran Resources
Military Units
Military Store
VetFriends Discount Center
VA Ratings
ABOUT US
The Company
Membership
Veteran ID Card
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
FAQ/Policies
Privacy/Opt Out Info
Contact Us
My Profile
STAY CONNECTED
© 	2020 Copyright VetFriends.com. All rights reserved.