http://www.musicedmagic.com/uncategorised/privacy-statement.html
Privacy Statement
Details
Any information that you provide on this web site will never be shared, sold, or transmitted to any other person or party. When you register you will be asked to provide information such as your name, address, and other items, however this information is optional and only required if you wish to become a paid content author for MusicEdMagic.com. For more information or if you have any questions please contact the webmaster using the Contact Us link in the About menu at the top of each page.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Prev
Next
Joomla SEF URLs by Artio
Note:  The articles on this site may contain referral links to sites such as Amazon and other online retailers.  The small amount of income received from these links has helped keep MusicEdMagic.com up and running for over ten years now.  Thank you for your support!
Search MusicEdMagic
Recent Music Ed Minute Episodes
Digital Audio Recorder Buyers Guide
Read More
High Tech, Low Budget Tools for the Music Ed Classroom
Read More
Flipping The Music Ed Classroom
Read More
1
Get Our Newsletter
Weekly updates sent to your inbox
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Most Popular Sheet Music
The Star Spangled Banner- Free Sheet Music For Band Inst.
Jingle Bells- Free Sheet Music and Lyrics
Free Christmas Sheet Music And Lyrics For Any Band Instrument
America The Beautiful- Free Sheet Music
Take Me Out To The Ball Game- Free Sheet Music
Ode To Joy- Free Sheet Music
Yankee Doodle- Free Sheet Music
My Country Tis of Thee- Free Sheet Music For Band Inst.
You're A Grand Old Flag- Free Sheet Music
Jesus Loves Me- Free Sheet Music
Login Form
Username
Password
Remember Me