http://www.thewala.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Legal
Intellectual Property
Estate Law
Appeals
Bail
Homicide
Internet Crime
Contact
Privacy Policy:
Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts ("Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts")
operates thewala.org and may operate other websites. It
is Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' visitors use its website. From time to
time, Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on thewala.org
blogs/sites. Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' websites choose to interact
with Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts in ways that require Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at thewala.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts. Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' behalf or to provide services available
at Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts website and have supplied your email address, Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts uses cookies to
help Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts identify and track visitors, their usage of Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts
website, and their website access preferences. Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts' sole
discretion. Washington Area Lawyers for the Arts encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a thewala.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
×Close
Search
How Is IP for Artists Affected by Inheritance, Divorce or Other Family Legal Issues
September 12, 2020
4 Legal Issues Coming Into Play With Plumbing Business Ownership
January 29, 2018
5 Fundamental Areas Covered in Equality Laws in the Workplace
May 15, 2017
The Impact of the Great Recession on Credit and Credit Law
March 27, 2017
Repetitive Stress injuries in the Workplace – What You Need to Know
March 24, 2017
LawsMix Of Good News And Bad In Today’s Bonus Roundup — See AlsoWe Appreciate Our Amazing Advertisers Here At ATLIncoming ‘Second Gentleman’ Proves There’s Life After BiglawPrivacy/Data Security Associate Attorney Job [Sponsored]Ray Dalio Figures Out What ‘Sustainable’ Means, How To Make Money From ItLawyers.com
Lawyers of Distinction
×Close
Search