https://www.tubman.org/get-help/youth-programs/northstar.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
NorthStar Youth Outreach CenterThe NorthStar Youth Outreach Center is the first step for youth without a place to call home. All young people are welcome.
The center is staffed by volunteers and located at the Maplewood Mall, 3001 White Bear Ave, Maplewood, MN 55109 - Suite 2006.
Hours are currently limited due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Please call 651.748.4010 for more details. More information about available services can be found by calling our 24-hour resource and crisis line at 612.825.0000.
Youth and young adults between the ages 10-24 of all genders, and their children can access the following services:
Advocacy, safety planning and connections to a range of additional community resources
Counseling
Housing, computer lab, career and educational assistance
Food and snacks
Shower and laundry
Supplies and clothing
Creative art spaces
The NorthStar Youth Outreach Center began as a project of the White Bear Unitarian Church’s social justice committee. They had a desire to partner with Tubman to help youth in the community. This volunteer-run program is dedicated to making a difference in the lives of young people.
All young people deserve the opportunity to pursue their hopes and dreams, to learn, grow, imagine and create, so they can reach their full potential. For most youth, this starts with home and family. But there are some young people who don’t have a home, a place where they feel safe and secure, where there is love and support. We have youth in our community who aren’t sure where they will be sleeping next week, or even tomorrow.
Additional youth services are available at Harriet Tubman Center East (1725 Monastery Way, Maplewood, MN 55109). Please call 612.825.0000 for more information.
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.