https://www.justia.com/privacy-policy/
Justia
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Justia is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all individuals who use our site and our products. Our goal is to provide an Internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. In order to achieve this goal, we collect information during your visits and in the process of providing products and services to you. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you learn more about the Personal Information we collect, who we might share it with, and how we protect it.
This Privacy Policy is also intended to be compliant with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), a data privacy law which applies to certain companies that collect information about California residents, and which takes effect January 1, 2020. In October 2019, the California Attorney General published draft regulations to provide further guidance on the CCPA which are expected to be finalized in the next several months. The information and product updates provided here are subject to change based on updated regulations from the California Attorney General.
Note: Additional terms and conditions, if any, regarding the collection and use of your information may also be provided to you before you sign up for a particular Justia service. Privacy policies for those services will be linked from those particular areas or sections of our site.
What Information Do We Collect?
Justia collects “Personal Information” in the following ways: through information provided directly from our users and clients, from information collected through web server logs, through cookies, and from other Internet websites. Personal Information can mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you. Personal Information does not include information that is aggregated, information that cannot be reasonably linked to you, or information that is “publicly available” as defined under the CCPA. Justia does not sell your personal information.
Information Supplied by Our Users and Clients
Justia collects Personal Information, such as your email address, name, home or work address and telephone number. Justia may also collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, legal interests, and professional, business, or employment-related information.
Justia may retain this information indefinitely, or to the extent permissible by law.
Information from Web Server Logs
Justia records and saves information about you from our web server logs such as your Internet [Protocol] (IP) address, the time and day you visited and your browser type. This information is used to verify our records and to provide better services to you.
Justia may retain this information indefinitely, or to the extent permissible by law.
Information from Cookies
In order to offer and provide you with personalized services, Justia’s Website (“Website”) uses certain tags, log files, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies, sometimes from third parties (collectively, "cookies"), to store and help track information about you. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. Cookies may be shared with our advertising partners as described below in a data restrictive manner designed to comply with CCPA requirements. Otherwise, Justia will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
By using Justia’s Website, you agree to the use of cookies for the following purposes:
Essential Cookies: These are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website.
Performance and Analytics Cookies: Google Analytics ("Analytics") is Google’s free web analytics tool that helps us understand how our visitors engage with our website. Analytics collects information anonymously and, much like examining footprints in sand, it reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Analytics uses its own set of cookies to track visitor interactions. These cookies are used to store information, such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve their website and how people find it. A different set of cookies is used for each website, and visitors are not tracked across multiple sites. Analytics customers are obliged to notify users of their use of analytics software. To disable this type of cookie, some browsers will indicate when a cookie is being sent and allow you to decline cookies on a case-by-case basis. In addition to declining cookies, you can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out Add-on in your browser, which prevents Google Analytics from collecting information about your website visits. You can also opt out by clicking here.
Functionality Cookies: They remember the choices you make, such as language options or your current region. These cookies help to make your visit more personal and are deleted automatically when you close your browser or the session expires.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can block or disable cookies on your device at any time by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. You can also delete the cookies that are stored on your device. However, blocking, disabling, or deleting cookies may limit your ability to view all the pages of the Website or use Justia’s online services. You may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting their Ad Settings page. You may also opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies at the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.
Information Obtained to Compile Attorney Profiles on the Justia Lawyer Directory
In order to assist attorneys in marketing their legal services online, and to assist consumers in locating attorneys in the geographic and practice areas relevant to them, we collect and compile attorney information and publish it online in the form of individual profiles for each attorney as part of our Justia Lawyer Directory. We obtain basic identifying information regarding individual attorneys, such as name, address, and the state(s) in which they are licensed to practice law, from state bar organizations and other online sources, and this information is supplemented by the attorneys themselves once they claim their profiles. Note that some of this attorney information is considered publicly available information, and is therefore exempt from the definition of Personal Information under the CCPA.
Justia may retain this information indefinitely, or to the extent permissible by law.
Consumer Rights Under the CCPA
Under the CCPA, you have the following rights:
Right to Know: You have the right to request that we disclose to you the Personal Information we collect, use, or disclose, and information about our data practices;
Right to Request Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information that we have collected from you;
Right to Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
To exercise your “right to know” or your “right to request deletion,” click here.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as a government issued ID.
Under the CCPA, you may exercise these rights yourself or you may designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. We may request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf and may need to verify your authorized agent’s identity.
Removal of Court Records
Justia provides access to some public litigation records from federal and state courts as a public service. These records, some of which are the law of the land, should be available to all to read. They are not considered to be Personal Information under the CCPA, and are therefore exempt from its “right to know” and “right to request deletion” provisions.
Unless compelled by a valid court order, Justia will not fully remove court records that are not under seal. However, we will consider written requests to disallow search engines from processing or scanning certain case filings and opinions using the robots.txt protocol. This means when a person searches for your docket or opinion using a search engine such as Google, that page from Justia should not show up in the search results. Justia has no control over those same documents available from other sources, such as court websites and third-party services. Read more about our policy regarding application of the robots.txt protocol.
Links to Other Sites
Justia encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to visit from Justia so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Justia is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Justia site.
Use or Disclosure of Your Personal Information to Third Parties and Co-Brand Partners
Justia will not willfully disclose any Personal Information to any third party without first receiving your permission, with the exception of vendors or service providers involved in the delivery or execution of Justia products or services. Justia may access and/or disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Justia, protect and defend the rights or property of Justia or act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Justia or members of the public.
Certain Justia services and content may be co-branded with another company. If you register for or use such services, both Justia and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services. In such cases, either a joint privacy statement or a link to the other company's privacy statement will be provided, which will provide you with information about how the other company will use the information and how you can contact the other company with requests to access the information or other inquiries.
The Justia Lawyer Directory will be sharing all user information with Cornell's Legal Information Institute for their version of the lawyer directory. We may also co-brand the lawyer directory with other third parties, but will not share information marked private or non-public email addresses with those other third parties.
Advertising Campaigns on Third-Party Websites
Justia advertises on third-party websites to reach people who have previously visited our website. We contract with third-party vendors, including Facebook and Google, to implement this type of advertising campaign, known as remarketing. Based on information collected in cookies, web beacons or other storage technologies from your prior visits to Justia, our advertising vendors will serve ads promoting Justia services to you as you visit their websites or other sites across the Internet, as well as provide us with measurement services on the effectiveness of our ads.
You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ad settings. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
You can opt out of Facebook’s use of cookies and web beacons by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice Tool for Web and Your Online Choices: A Guide to Online Behavioral Advertising.
Content Submitted Or Made Available For Inclusion On The Service
With respect to content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, this information will be made public on the internet. "Publicly accessible" areas of the Service are those areas of the Justia network of properties that are intended by Justia to be available to the general public. By way of example, publicly accessible areas of the Service would include the Justia Lawyer Directory, Justia Ask a Lawyer, wikis, message boards and Justia-developed websites and blogs.
Protecting Your Information
While Justia is committed to protecting your Personal Information, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords you set up and/or any account information.
Correcting Inaccuracies
When you sign up for Justia's products and service, we may send you an email confirming your new account. The message will be sent to the address that you supplied to us at the time of sign-up and will describe ways for you to change or delete the account information provided. Remember to keep the confirmation email as it will also contain information that will help you in case you run into problems accessing our services.
We welcome your comments or questions. Send us an email at justiaprivacypolicy (at) justia.com.
Last updated December 2019
Today on Verdict
Severability in Larger Constitutional Context: Part Five in our Series on the California v. Texas Challenge to the Affordable Care Act
In this fifth of a series of columns examining the California v. Texas case challenging the Affordable Care Act (ACA), Illinois law dean Vikram David Amar, Michigan Law dean emeritus Evan Caminker, and Illinois law professor Jason Mazzone discuss severability in a larger context and explain why, in their view the majority and minority positions are partly right and partly wrong.
Find a Lawyer
Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing
Ask a Lawyer
Question:
Add details
120
More Information:
1000
Ask Question
Justia Legal Resources
Find a Lawyer
Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More...
Individuals
Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...
Business
Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More...
Law Students
Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...
US Federal Law
US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...
US State Law
State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More...
Other Databases
Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...
Legal Marketing
Law Firm Websites
Lawyer Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...
© 2020 Justia
Legal Portal
Company
Help
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Marketing Solutions