http://www.lamrocks.com.au/privacy
! Lamrocks Response to COVID-19
02 4731 5688
Home
About Lamrocks Solicitors
Meet Our Solicitors
Areas of Law
Useful Information & News
Family Law Blog
Property Law & Conveyancing Blog
Wills & Estates Blog
Personal Injury Law Blog
Careers
Events
Community
Testimonials
Contact Us
Lamrocks Solicitors
02 4731 5688
Home
Careers
Events
Community
Testimonials
About Lamrocks Solicitors
Meet Our Solicitors
Areas of Law
Family Law
Property Law & Conveyancing
Wills & Estates
Personal Injury Law
Blogs
Family Law Blog
Property Law & Conveyancing Blog
Wills & Estates Blog
Personal Injury Law Blog
Useful Information & News
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tweet
Background
Lamrocks maintains a policy of strict confidence concerning your personal information. Our privacy policy has been developed in
accordance with the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act). The policy applies to Lamrocks Legal Pty. Limited (ACN 119 919 970) as Trustee of the Lamrocks Legal Unit Trust trading as Lamrocks, Solicitors & Attorneys ("Lamrocks").
Privacy Act 1988
Our Privacy Policy sets out the manner in which we may collect and treat personal information as defined in the Privacy Act (Personal Information). It also describes how you may access and amend personal information held by us on your behalf.
The National Privacy Principles can be obtained through the website of the office of the Federal Privacy Commissioner (http://www.privacy.gov.au).
Contacting Lamrocks
Lamrocks contact details are as follows:
Address:  61-79 Henry Street PENRITH NSW 2750
Telephone: (02) 4731 5688
Facsimile: (02) 4732 3488
Email: reception@lamrocks.com.au
Website: www.lamrocks.com.au
Collection of Personal Information
We may collect Personal Information from you when you instruct us to provide legal services for you. We may also collect Personal Information from you if you attend one of our seminars or subscribe to our mailing list.
We only collect the information that we believe is reasonably necessary for us to provide services to you. In order to provide quality service to you, it is necessary for us to collect personal information about you, including, but not limited to your:
Full Name;
Address;
Telephone number;
Facsimile number;
Email address; and
Occupation.
We may collect additional Personal Information from you if it is necessary to provide our legal services.
We will keep Personal Information in our offices. When your matter is completed we may store your records and any related Personal Information  at   a secured records management facility.
Use and Disclosure of Information
The Personal Information we obtain helps provide an efficient legal service to you.
It also helps in raising your awareness of our activities, services we provide and new legal developments.
We will not use Personal Information for purposes other than;
(a) providing our legal services; and
(b) providing details of our legal services and upcoming seminars through our mailing list.
In the course of providing legal services we may disclose Personal Information to third parties. However, we will ensure the disclosure of any Personal Information to entities outside Lamrocks will be bound by the same principles of confidentiality we are bound to.
We are also bound by strict professional ethics and legal professional privilege to ensure any type of information collected on your behalf is maintained in accordance with such principles.
Information Security
We require our employees to perform their duties in a manner that is consistent with our responsibilities under the Privacy Act.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that paper and electronic records containing Personal Information are stored in our offices or secure record management facilities.
Access and Amendment
If access to your Privacy Information we may have concerning you is required, you may request to see what it is and if it is up to date. This will be subject to any exemptions allowed under the Privacy Act.
If you wish to access your Personal Information, then you may contact our Privacy Officer and request that this be done. In the interests of your privacy we may require you to verify in writing your identity prior to releasing your Personal Information to you. Any questions you may have in relation to accessing Personal Information should be addressed to our Privacy Officer.
We will return the Personal Information to you in accordance with our normal retrieval practices.
We will take steps to destroy, amend or de-identify Personal Information in as short a time as possible after being notified by you in writing to do so unless the law requires otherwise.
All reasonable steps are taken to ensure that the Personal Information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If any information we have is inaccurate please contact us immediately and we will take all reasonable steps to correct it.
If we refuse to allow access to your Personal Information, you will be informed and given details of what exemptions under the Privacy Act prevent its acquisition.
We reserve the right to charge you for the reasonable cost of the retrieving your Personal Information.
Change in Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. You should visit our privacy policy from time to time to see whether it has been updated.
Privacy Officer
Our Privacy Officer will be the first point of contact for inquiries about privacy issues. Individuals wishing to make an inquiry or complaint regarding privacy should do so by contacting our Privacy Officer using the contact details below:
Privacy Officer: Arthur Fogarty
Lamrocks Solicitors
61-79 Henry Street PENRITH NSW 2750
Telephone: (02) 4731 5688
Facsimile: (02) 4732 3488
Collecting Personal Information
All information collected is for the purpose of providing legal services to you and to the community. Generally, we will obtain Personal Information directly from you. This will include contact details and may include sensitive information such as professional or trade associations and health information. If we obtain information about you without your knowledge and the law requires your express consent to obtain it, then you will be contacted by us.
We may also collect information from you if you subscribe to any of our regular mail-outs, seminars or client functions.
Who has access to your information?
Our employees and related parties ( including our service entities and employess) will have access to your personal and sensitive information.
In the event that it is necessary to share personal information with an overseas organisation, we will obtain your consent and require that the overseas organisation protects the information to the same standard that we do.
Security
All Personal Information is kept in a secure environment. Electronic security includes the use of fire walls and password access to designated personnel.
Website analytics
To improve your experience on our site, we may use 'cookies'. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy - external site and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google - external site .
Comments, complaints?
If you would like to make a comment or wish to know more about the way we handle your personal or sensitive information please contact our Executive Officer or Secretariat .
If you wish to make a complaint please write to us. We will endeavour to respond within 30 days. If you are unsatisfied with our response you may then complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). For more information please visit the OAIC website at www.oaic.gov.au
A division of Lamrocks Legal PTY. Limited A.C.N. 119 919 970 an incorporated legal
practice under the Legal Profession Act 2004. Liability Limited by a scheme approved
under Professional Standards Legislation. Legal practitioners employed by Lamrocks
Legal PTY. Ltd are members of the scheme.
© Copyright 2013 Lamrocks Solicitors. All Rights Reserved.
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Send a message
Send Message
Phone (02) 4731 5688
Penrith Office
1st Floor, Cnr Henry & Lawson Streets,
Penrith NSW 2750
Email
reception@lamrocks.com.au
Parramatta Office
By Appointment Only
Need Advice?