https://www.helpage.org/privacy-policy/
Top
Toggle navigation
About us
About the Global Network
Using the FAIR guidlines to promote older people's rights within the global network
Introducing a universal pension to Zanzibar
Our network
HelpAge global network members in Africa
Asia
HelpAge global network members in Eastern Europe and Central Asia
HelpAge global network members in Europe
Age Action, Ireland
Age International, UK
Caritas Malta
Centre for Policy on Ageing, UK
Cordaid, Netherlands
DaneAge, Denmark
Globale Seniorer, Denmark
HelpAge Deutschland, Germany
HelpAge Spain
Kwa Wazee Switzerland
PRO, Sweden
Slovene Philanthropy, Slovenia
Valli, Finland
World Granny, Netherlands
Zivot 90, Czech Republic
HelpAge global network members in Latin America and the Caribbean
HelpAge global network members in the Middle East
HelpAge global network members in North America
Our values, vision and strategy
Our achievements
Our history
Our directors and leadership group
Our leadership group
Our board
Our ambassadors
Our finances
How we are accountable
Annual Review 2015
Evaluation reports
Jobs
Humanitarian Programme Adviser
Physiotherapist
Terms of Reference MEAL Consultant
Call for expression of interest: ALERT emergency preparedness system software development
BMZ Project Officer
How to apply for a job at HelpAge
How to apply (APRO)
What we do
Action against elder abuse
Ageing cities
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Principles of WASH in response to COVID-19
COVID-19 guidance
COVID-19 Rapid Needs Assessments
Emergencies and humanitarian crises
Humanitarian response
Burundi refugees fleeing to Tanzania
Myanmar crisis
Drought in Ethiopia
Nepal earthquake
South Sudan
Syria crisis
Older people in emergencies and humanitarian crises
How we work in emergencies and humanitarian crises
Age and Disability Capacity Programme (ADCAP)
ADCAP: Who are we leaving behind?
RAM-OP: Rapid Assessment Method for Older People
Humanitarian advocacy and policy
Infographic: Global population ageing and humanitarian action
World Humanitarian Summit 2016
ALERT: an emergency preparedness platform
Health and care
Health Outcomes Tool
World Health Assembly
World Health Day
Health and care policy
Non-communicable diseases
Lifecourse approach to ageing
Older citizen monitoring
Rights
Violence against older women
Rights policy
Women's rights in Tanzania
Promoting human rights and will-writing in Tanzania
Women's rights in Tanzania: Working with communities to stop witchcraft accusations
The Madrid Plan (MIPAA)
Social protection
Social pensions and accountability in Uganda
Social protection policy
Work, family and social protection in Asia
Stories from older women on social protection and economic empowerment
Sustainable Development Goals
Post-2015 and Sustainable Development Goals
Post-2015 coalitions
Older women count
UN Convention on the rights of older people
UN Convention pledge
The Humanitarian Standards Partnership
Where we work
HelpAge and the Global Network's response to COVID-19
Where we work
Africa
Ethiopia
Kenya
Mozambique
Tanzania
Uganda
Asia
Myanmar
Myanmar photo competition for International Day of People with Disabilities
Thailand
Vietnam
Caribbean
Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Moldova
Kyrgyzstan
Ukraine
Latin America
Middle East
Lebanon
Jordan
European Union
Join us
Join the Global Network
Campaign with us
Untold stories: Celebrating older human rights campaigners
Untold stories: Bharat Mohan Adhikari, Nepal
Untold stories: Rudo Chinenga, Zimbabwe
Untold stories: Mulugeta Bekele, Ethiopia
Untold stories: Natalia Miroshnichenko, Ukraine
Untold stories: Margaret Kabango, Uganda
Untold stories: Haifa Al Basheer, Jordan
Untold stories: Natalia Ladoshyna, Ukraine
Untold stories: Honourable John Chikalimba, Malawi
Untold stories: Zainabu Mukarulinda, Rwanda
Untold stories: Malong Pitsi, Lesotho
Untold stories: Philip Hakim Bongomin, South Sudan
Untold stories: Waiswa Muganza, Uganda
Untold stories: Samira Hasan Ibraheem Sinwar, Palestine
Untold stories: Hellen Hove, Zimbabwe
Untold stories: Mateboho Lehotla, Lesotho
Untold stories: Mehemed Hasic, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Untold stories: Bodir Uddin, Bangladesh
Untold stories: Valentina Solodova, Tajikistan
Untold stories: Grigoriy Atanov, Ukraine
Untold stories: Sylvester Niragira, Tanzania
Untold stories: Sibusiso Ngcobo, South Africa
Untold stories: Rambadan Joshi, Nepal
Untold stories: Nyatuong Yok Madol, South Sudan
Untold stories: Yezeshewal Eshete, Ethiopia
Untold stories: Felicien Mulinda, Rwanda
Untold stories: Sher Shah, Pakistan
Untold stories: Vera Geykina, Kyrgyzstan
Untold stories: Jane Nyawira Miano, Kenya
Untold stories: Jozica Puhar, Slovenia
Age Demands Action
10 years of Age Demands Action
action/2015
Take a stand against ageism
Support HelpAge
Leave a legacy
Corporate partnerships
News and views
Latest news
Press room
Press releases and public statements
Older people's voices
HIV and AIDS
Gogo Thokozile, 67, South Africa
Nguyen Van Quang, 70, and Vu Thi Thu, 68, Vietnam
Emergencies
Boonpeng, 75, Thailand
Nepal three months on: Dewaki, 63, and Bir, 61
Dilmaya, 70, Nepal
Vladimir, 70, Ukraine
Mahbud, 69, and Hisham, 52, Jordan
Rights
Nyamizi, 73, Tanzania
Hadija, early 60s, Tanzania
Meher, 95, Bangladesh
Work and pensions
Krishna, 75, Nepal
Safarbek, 90, Kyrgyzstan
Alejandro, 71, the Philippines
COVID-19: Older people's stories
U Mya Paul, Myanmar
Facing COVID-19 in Syria
after fleeing war
Surviving lockdown in Syria's refugee camps
The dark days of lockdown in the High Ranges - India
A fishing community under lockdown - India
James Philip Conteh
Martha Daniel Lul
John Maliah Bakiam
Bad days ahead for daily wage earners
Agnes Kariuki, Kibera, Kenya
Vijay Nairadoo, Mauritius
Elie MUGABOWISHEMA, Leader, Nsindagiza, Rwanda
Zinaida Lebedeva, 70, Kyrgyzstan
Lola (Grandma) Paz, 71, from Bagong Silangan, Quezon City, The Philippines
Lolo (Grandpa) Mario, 64, Punta, Sta. Ana, Manila, The Philippines
Lola (Grandma) Rosita, 76, Malabon City, The Philippines
Mr. Ahmed Al-Dahir, Jordan
Paulette METANG Tchekotio, Cameroon
Ritu Rana, HelpAge, India
OLGA AGAPOVA Saint-Petersburg, Russia
Anatole Bandu, Democratic Republic of Congo
Klavdiya Kazakova, Ukraine
Tewabech Melese, Hawassa, Ethiopia
Suthon I-Kamnerd, Thailand
Robert Mukholi, Uganda
Sameer Sharbaji, Jordan
Mrs. Supin Kotapan, 67, Thailand
Nidaa Barakat, 54, Lebanon
Blogs
Resources
Publications
HelpAge newsletters
Data on ageing
Ageing in motion
Global ageing statistics
Ageing in the 21st Century
Ageing in the 21st Century: Executive Summary
Ageing in the 21st Century: Preface by Ban Ki-moon
Ageing in the 21st Century: Foreword by Babatunde Osotimehin
Ageing in the 21st Century: Chapter 1: Setting the scene
Ageing in the 21st Century: Chapter 2: A fresh look at evidence
Ageing in the 21st Century: Chapter 3: A review of progress
Ageing in the 21st Century: Chapter 4: The voices of older persons
Ageing in the 21st Century: Chapter 5: Findings
Ageing in the 21st Century: Infographic
Ageing in the 21st Century: Ten priority actions to maximise the opportunity of ageing populations
Practical guidelines
Emergency guidelines
HIV and AIDS guidelines
Rights and advocacy guidelines
Health and care guidelines
Training and events
Helping Older People in Emergencies (HOPE)
HOPE resources
Infographics and posters
Missing millions: Infographic on how older people with disabilities are excluded from humanitarian response
External links
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
HelpAge International is committed to safeguarding your safety online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated.
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you?
HelpAge International collects the following information regarding visitors to our website: IP address, information regarding what pages are accessed and when, information volunteered by you, such as survey information, email address and your preferred means of communication.
2. How is your information used?
HelpAge International uses the information we collect about you to help us understand more about how our site is used and to be able to send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise.
3. Who is collecting your information?
HelpAge International is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to third parties, apart from selected NGOs which are part of the HelpAge global network, unless you have opted out (see paragraph 5). We collect information at several different points on our website.
4. With whom does HelpAge International share your information?
HelpAge International is committed to protecting the personal data of its supporters and members. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
You may request a copy of the personal information relating to you that is kept on file by HelpAge International by writing to info@helpage.org.
We cannot be held responsible for the privacy of data collected by websites not owned managed by HelpAge International.
5. What are my choices regarding collection, use and distribution of my information?
HelpAge International will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information, except where you have given your explicit permission. From time to time we may want to contact you about other HelpAge International services and products or pass your details to similar organisations.
You can opt out of either type of contact using the tickboxes provided within our website. If you are emailed with information and you do not want to continue receiving it, please follow the instructions at the bottom of the email, which will tell you how to unsubscribe from receiving further updates. We may also need to disclose your information if required to do so by law.
6. What is the HelpAge International policy on allowing me to update, correct or delete my personally identifiable information?
The accuracy of your individual identifying information is important to HelpAge International. If you change postal or email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email: info@helpage.org
7. What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of my information?
When you give HelpAge International personal information we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely. Non-sensitive details (your email address etc) may be transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, HelpAge International cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, HelpAge International is committed to taking reasonable steps to ensure its security on our systems.
8. Does HelpAge International use cookies on its website?
Yes. Cookies are pieces of information that are sent to your computer by HelpAge International when you log on to our website. They are stored on your computer's hard drive, allowing us to recognise you as a user when you next visit.
If you do not want cookies to be stored on your computer, it is possible for you to disable this function. However, if you choose to do this, you may be unable to access certain parts of our site.
9. Does HelpAge International review its privacy policy?
HelpAge International reserves the right to amend this privacy policy. You are advised to visit this page periodically to keep up-to-date with any changes made to this policy.
Translate this page
Donate to helpage
Donate now
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Flickr
Youtube
e-Newsletter
Stay updated! Sign up below...
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions |
Privacy policy |
Cookie policy |
Contact us
Follow us
Website design by Treeline Digital
|
Powered by Treeline CMS