https://www.bicom.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This new privacy policy sets out how BICOM collects and uses any information you may give us when you visit this website, subscribe to receive emails with our latest news and research briefings and communicate with us.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use two kinds of data, personal and behavioural.
Personal data relates to the information you provide to us and may include your name, address, email address, phone number and postcode.
Behavioural data relates to information about your visit to and actions on our website, and includes your IP address, referrer, length of visit and number of page views.
This information is essential for the website to work correctly, and allows us to improve the performance and functionality of the site.
How will we use your data?
The information you provide will be used to keep you up to date with BICOM’s publications and to inform you about our news and events. You may opt out from receiving such information at any time.
Your personal details will never be published on this site. We will only disclose personal information to third parties if required by law to do so.
Controlling your data
If the information we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated, you would like to be unsubscribed from our emails, or have any other questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us at info@bicom.org.uk.
To request a copy of any information we hold about you, please send proof of identity to info@bicom.org.uk. We will reply within one month.
Security
We have in place measures to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. All collected data is stored in locked, secure environments, and resides in the UK and, where in the US, on servers compliant with EU laws.
Other websites
Our website, emails and social media feeds will almost certainly contain links to other websites, not under our control. As such, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you may provide while visiting other sites, nor are said sites governed by this privacy policy. If you have any concerns, do refer to the privacy policy of the site in question.
Data Protection Register
BICOM is registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
Our data protection registration number is ZA188061.
Our Details
This website is operated by Britain Israel Communications and Research Centre Ltd (BICOM) a private limited company (company number 04204458).
You can contact us at info@bicom.org.uk