http://www.corrections.com/about/privacy
>Users:
login
|  register
> email
> people
CorrectSource (Marketplace)
|
Resources
LinksStatsInmate LocatorPodcastsNews ArchivesEzine Archive
|
News
Current NewsNews ArchivesEditorial InfoEzine Archive
|
Topics
Inmate EducationJuvenileTechnologyHealthLegalStaff TrainingBroader View
|
Careers
|
Forums
|
Events
|
Privacy Policy
This statement discloses the user information, gathering and dissemination practices
of Corrections.com. Please read the following policy to understand how
your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our programs.
This policy is subject to change so please continue to check back for updates.
General Statement
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Who Sees Your Personal Information?
How is Your Personal information Used?
How is Your Personal Information Protected?
What Are Cookies?
What Are Your Choices Regarding Collection, Use, and Distribution of Your Information?
How Can You Update or Delete Your Personal Information?
How Can You Control The Information You Receive?
General Statement | Return to Top |
The Corrections Connection (Corrections.com) is committed to protecting your privacy. Since we first opened the site in 1996, Corrections.com has pledged never to sell or otherwise misuse user information including (but not limited to) users' names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses or personal data. We are continually approached by businesses and organizations wishing to secure our email lists and our reply is always the same: "our user information is private and is not for sale."
In addition, we have a strong policy against using 3rd party Internet advertising solution providers and free email services that collect and sell private data from our users. To protect your information, all advertising programs for banner ads, databases and software applications reside exclusively on the Corrections.com internal servers.
Please be aware that Corrections.com links to other sites.
Corections.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
What personal information do we collect? | Return to Top |
Most personal information is gathered when you register. During registration, Corrections.com asks you for contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information (such as your address, zip code, occupation, age, industry and personal interests.) The more information you volunteer, the better we are able to customize your experience. In addition, once you register and create a user name and password, you are able to take full advantage of Corrections.com's many offerings (job postings, listservs, chat, bulletin boards, bid posting, etc.).
You may also be asked for personal information whenever you:
take a course online
register for free email
(yourname@correctionsmail.com)
enter a contest or promotion
make a purchase through our new corrections store
post a job or resume
post a bid or RFP
request to add your web address
report a problem with one of our sites or services
complete surveys that we use for research purposes
Who Sees Your Information? | Return to Top |
When you use Corrections.com services, you are sharing your personal information with Corrections.com alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise or is under special circumstances. These include (but are not limited to):
CO-BRANDED SERVICES:
Occasionally, Corrections.com offers services in conjunction with a partner organization, agency or company. When you see a co-branded service or other offering, you must realize that this service includes sharing your personal information with the specifically identifiable partner organization(s). If you do not want your data to be shared, you may choose not to use that particular co-branded service.
REQUEST MORE INFORMATION:
Many areas of the site offer you opportunities to request additional information from sponsors, agencies or businesses. When you request to have more information sent to you, you give Corrections.com permission to transfer your personal information to the sponsor so they can fulfill your request.
PRODUCTS & SERVICES:
If you make a purchase from a store hosted by Corrections.com, or a merchant inside Corrections.com, the information obtained during your visit to those stores, and the information you give such as your credit card number, billing and contact information, will be provided to the merchants. This is to enable the commerce transaction to successfully take place.
Merchants listed in Corrections.com stores and buyers guides have separate privacy and data collection policies. Corrections.com is not directly or indirectly responsible or liable for these independent policies. For more information regarding the merchant, their store, and their privacy policies, return to that merchant's home page.
SPECIAL OFFERS:
From time to time, you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials or special offers from 3rd parties. If you opt to receive this information from these 3rd parties, you are giving Corrections.compermission to share your name and email address with them.
CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS:
Under confidentiality agreements, Corrections.com may disclose user information with third parties.
EMAIL:
Corrections.com collects IP addresses for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors. In addition, Corrections.com Mail includes IP addresses in outgoing mail message headers.
REQUIRED BY LAW:
It is the official policy of Corrections.com that we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. Please see the Terms of Service or User Agreements at the bottom of every page for more detailed information.
OTHER:
Corrections.com may also disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Corrections.com's rights or property, other Corrections.com users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Corrections.com may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain and improve our products and services.
How is Your Personal Information Used? | Return to Top |
Your personal information helps us serve you better by providing you with a customized experience on every page and a streamlined sign-in procedure. It also enable us to effectively understand your likes and dislikes. Here are just a few of the ways your personal information is used:
we can customize Corrections.com to your specific needs.
you can quickly login and begin using our many site offerings.
we can send you tailored messages.
you can easily locate your current and past postings
we can evaluate which services are being used and which are not.
you can stay informed about new services you use and need.
we can negotiate valuable member discounts and related services.
Corrections.com discloses aggregated user statistics (for example, 65% of our users are key decision makers and are from California, Florida and Texas) in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.
Corrections.com does research on our users' demographics, interests, and behaviors based on the information provided to us upon registration, during a promotion, from our server log files, from data submissions, purchases and surveys.
This research is compiled and analyzed for trends, areas of improvement and consumer needs. Corrections.com may share this aggregate data with advertisers or partners.
How is Your Information Protected? | Return to Top |
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to a 100% certainty. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Corrections.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. YOU MUST UNDERSTAND THAT ULTIMATELY YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK. With that said, once we receive your transmission, we do make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
For starters, your Corrections.com Account Information is password-protected so that you are the only one able to your personal information. You may also edit your Account Information at any time using your ID and password.
We also recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone or leave it showing on your desk or other publicly access place. Also remember to close your browser window when you have finished your work so that others who may have access to your computer cannot access your personal information.
Corrections.com has taken several precautions to protect the identity, account names and passwords of users when they register and log on to Corrections.com. All transfer of registration and login information is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
Despite all of our precautions, you use Corrections.com at your own risk.
In addition, there are several places on the Corrections.com where you can transmit credit card information in order to complete a purchase transaction or for verification purposes. Any time we ask for a credit card number we transmit that credit card number in an encrypted format. We use industry-standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective advertisers or partners regarding financial product or service usage on Corrections.com are provided in the aggregate only and do not include any personally identifiable information about "you" the individual user.
What are cookies? | Return to Top |
As part of our mission to bring you the very best personalized service, Corrections.com uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about our users. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from our web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. All sites on Corrections.com where you are prompted to log-in or that are customizable require that you accept cookies
Generally, we use cookies to:
Remind us of who you are so we can quickly access your account information upon your return (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service.
Estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing Corrections.com is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage and to help target advertisements based on user interests and behavior.
Assist merchants and advertisers on Corrections.com to track visits to their products, banner ads and web sites.
Track your progress and number of entries in some of our promotions, surveys and services.
Measure high and low traffic patterns. For example, which areas of Corrections.com users have visited, individual visiting patterns in the aggregate, etc.. We use this research to understand our users' habits and personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you and other users see on our site.
IMPORTANT:
We do not permit Advertising solution providers to serve ads onto The Corrections Connection because they will often use their own cookies to track you and this information could be sold and your privacy violated. This would contradict our privacy commitment to protect your data.
What Are Your Choices Regarding
Collection, Use, and Distribution of Your Information? | Return to Top |
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use many of the Corrections.com services that require registration to participate. These services include (but are not limited to), Corrections Mail, Job Postings, Event Postings, Bulletin Boards, Chatrooms, Listservs, Bid/RFP Submissions and Online Shopping. You can still enjoy, however, Corrections.com's other services such as news, research tools, online training courses, links, searches and buyers guide even if you do not accept cookies.
In addition, if you do not wish to allow your data to be shared, you can choose not to use a particular service or not to participate in certain promotions.
How Can You Update or Delete Your Personal Information? | Return to Top |
You may edit your Corrections.com Account Information at any time by using your User Name and Password in the sign-in area. Once inside your account information, you have the option to be removed from any mailing lists.
If you experience any problem trying to remove yourself from a Corrections.com email list, promotion or service, please contact us immediately at customerservice@corrections.com. You may also call (617) 471-4445 or write to:
The Corrections Connection
15 Mill Wharf Plaza
Scituate, Massachusetts 02066
How Can You Control The Information You Receive? | Return to Top |
We may occasionally send you direct mail about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. Only Corrections.com will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, just tell us when you give us your personal information or whenever you receive an email message from us. You can easily edit your Account Information to no longer receive such offers and mailings. You will need your ID and Password in order to access your Account Information.
MARKETPLACE  search vendors | advanced search
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
11/09/2020
The US Correctional Population Reaches A 19 Year Low-Why?
10/26/2020
Education and Training
09/28/2020
What We Need to Know about Electrostatic Sprayers
09/21/2020
Corrections Architecture: New Facilities and Renovations
advertise
. .|. .
privacy policy
. .|. .
add URL
. .|. .
about us
. .|. .
terms/disclaimer
. .|. .
contact us
. .|. .
join our team
. .|. .
help
Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of The Corrections Connection User Agreement
The Corrections Connection ©. Copyright 1996 - 2020 © . All Rights Reserved | 15 Mill Wharf Plaza Scituate Mass. 02066 (617) 471 4445 Fax: (617) 608 9015