http://www.samsgb.org/legal-information
Skip to content
Please be aware
An unrelated company taking the name “Church Missionary Society (CMS) Ltd” (company number 12728934) was incorporated at Companies House on 8 July 2020 using the articles of association of Church Mission Society, for reasons that we suspect are fraudulent. We are taking appropriate action but please be sure you are contacting or donating to Church Mission Society using the details found on this page.
If donating online, please be sure the URL begins with the domain name churchmissionsociety.org or secure.churchmissionsociety.org and that the website has a valid security certificate (shown by a padlock on the left of the browser bar).
Our Registered Charity Numbers 1131655 (England and Wales) and SC047163 (Scotland) can be seen in the footer of every page of our official website. If you have been approached by anyone claiming to represent “Church Missionary Society (CMS) Ltd”, please get in touch with us on info@churchmissionsociety.org
Information for executors
The information below may be useful if you are administering a legacy left to Mid-Africa Ministry (MAM) or South American Mission Society (SAMS) or Church Mission Society (CMS).
Please use the registered postal address below or email the legacy officer using the following email address (legacy.officer@churchmissionsociety.org)
The South American Mission Society (SAMS)
Also known as The South American Missionary Society, formerly of Allen Gardiner Cottage, Pembury Road, Tunbridge Wells, Kent, TN2 3QU.
SAMS integrated with Church Mission Society (CMS) in February 2010.
Although part of a new CMS group, SAMS continues to exist as a separately registered charity (221328).
Mid-Africa Ministry (CMS), also known as ‘MAM’
Church Mission Society (CMS) is the legal successor to Mid-Africa Ministry, formerly Ruanda Mission (CMS), of Partnership House, 157 Waterloo Road, London, SE1 8UU.
Mid-Africa Ministry was always part of CMS and it formally integrated with Church Mission Society in February 2002.
Please direct any correspondence to Church Mission Society for the attention of the Legacy Officer.
Church Mission Society
A mission community acknowledged by the Church of England. A company limited by guarantee with no share capital. Registered in England and Wales. Company number: 6985330, Charity number England and Wales: 1131655 and Scotland: SC047163
Registered charity address:
Church Mission SocietyWatlington RoadOxfordOX4 6BZ
The CMS Group comprises:
The South American Mission Society. A company limited by guarantee. Registered in England and Wales, charity number 221328, company number 65048, registered office: as above.The Church Mission Society Trust. Registered charity number 1131655-1 (previously 220297), registered office: as above.CMS House Enterprises Ltd. A company registered in England and Wales, company number: 09376700, registered office: as above.Church Missionary Trust Association Ltd. A company registered in England and Wales, company number: 00127539, registered office: as above.
CMS: the big pictureWhere we workPeople in MissionOur mission communityMeet the teamStoriesOur plan, vision and valuesOur historyMid-Africa Ministry (MAM)South American Mission Society (SAMS)Crowther Mission Studies LibraryChurch Mission Society ArchivesLegal informationContact us
Cookie Configuration
We use cookies on our website to ensure you have the best browsing experience. Read our Privacy Policy for more information.
Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the function of the website and cannot be disabled. They are used to save your preferences as you interact with our website, such as your cookie settings.
Traffic Analysis Cookies
These cookies allow us to measure traffic on our website. They help us to know which pages are popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Functional Cookies
These cookies are required for some of the core functionality of the website. They are set by third party content providers, such as video players and maps. If disabled, these content providers will not be loaded.
Done
We use cookies on our website to ensure you have the best browsing experience. Read our Privacy Policy for more information.
Configure Cookies
Accept