http://www.mind-body.info/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy
What information do I collect? The only personal information I collect from you is when you fill out a form or a survey or send me an email to correspond, request information about an appointment, order something, or register on my website, say, for a newsletter. In such cases, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number etc. You may, of course, visit my website anonymously. Anonymous information is collected, however, (by me and by Google) for Google Analytics.
What do I use your information for? Any of the information I collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personaly respond to your individual needs as requested by email.
To  carry out research.
To improve my website
- I continually strive to improve my website offerings based on the information and feedback I receive from you.
To improve service
- your information helps me to more effectively respond to your requests and support needs.
To possibly administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
The email address you provide, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your correspondence as requested. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, simply send me an email with the subject "unsubscribe".
How do I protect your information? I implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you send me an email.
Do I use cookies? Yes, for Google Analytics! (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser - if you allow - that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.)
Do I disclose any information to outside parties? I do not share, sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third party links: Occasionally, at my discretion, I may include or offer third party informations, products or services on my website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. I therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, I seek to protect the integrity of my site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Your Consent: By using my site, you consent to my website privacy policy.
Changes to my Privacy Policy: If I decide to change my privacy policy, I will post those changes on this page.