http://www.onenewsnow.com/general/policies/
CATEGORIES
BUSINESS
CHURCH
CULTURE
EDUCATION
LEGAL-COURTS
MEDIA
MISSIONS
NATIONAL SECURITY
PERSECUTION
POLITICS-GOVT
PRO-LIFE
SCIENCE & TECH
PERSPECTIVES
PODCASTS
APP
SYNDICATION
POLICIES
FAQ
CONTACT US
RSS FEED
DONATE
CATEGORIES
BUSINESS
CHURCH
CULTURE
EDUCATION
LEGAL-COURTS
MEDIA
MISSIONS
NATIONAL SECURITY
PERSECUTION
POLITICS-GOVT
PRO-LIFE
SCIENCE & TECH
PERSPECTIVES
PODCASTS
APP
SYNDICATION
POLICIES
FAQ
CONTACT US
RSS FEED
Policies
Last Update:
Friday, July 31, 2015
American Family News Network's OneNewsNow.com Policies
The following are the published policies of the American Family News Network (AFN) regarding its website, OneNewsNow.com. This is not an exclusive list of AFN policies. Inquiries relating to matters not specifically referenced herein should be addressed by emailing AFN using our contact page.
Copyright Privacy Reprinting, Republication, Use in Audio and/or Video Productions Associated Press Material Acceptable Use Comments in Response to ArticlesOneNewsNow Polls
Copyright
All originally-produced AFN material appearing on OneNewsNow.com is the copyright property of the American Family News Network for the year in which it is produced and for all subsequent years allowed by U.S. and International Copyright Law. All rights to AFN material are reserved. Policies regarding permitted reprinting and republication of AFN copyright material are outlined below.
TOP
Privacy
AFN and OneNewsNow.com strives to offer visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and provide a positive interactive experience. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, email address, street address) subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
PLEASE NOTE: We do not sell our email list but we may rent it on a per occasion basis to trusted third parties who have information that might interest you.  American Family Association sends the email from our servers to ensure there is no transfer of information to these third parties.
By accessing or using OneNewsNow.com or our affiliated sites, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use the site. AFN reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of this site will be subject to the current version of the Privacy Policy at the time of such use.
How We Gather Information From Users How we collect and store information depends on the site you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain portions of one of our sites or request certain features, such as newsletters, news updates, or when you purchase one of our products. You may provide information when you post a comment in response to one of our news stories or perspective columns, participate in voting and polling activities, and other interactive areas of our site or our affiliates.
Like most web sites, OneNewsNow.com-related sites also collect information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and email address, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit. We may also store your zip code to deliver localized content to you.
What We Do with the Information We Collect Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive).
AFN recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this site. For this reason, AFN reserves the option of contacting you from time to time regarding important issues about which OneNewsNow.com reports. In each communication you receive from us, you are given the opportunity to opt-out by using an unsubscribe function provided at the end of each message.
Links to Other Sites OneNewsNow.com contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us or our parent organization. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites including, but not limited to any website we link to through a "News from the Web" text link.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy policy applies only to information collected by AFN through OneNewsNow.com.
Information About or from Children AFN does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe AFN has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.
Contacting Us We can be reached via U.S. Mail at:
American Family News Network OneNewsNow.com P.O. Drawer 2440 Tupelo, MS 38803
Or through our Contact Page.
TOP
Reprinting, Republication, Use in Audio and/or Video Productions
AFN has separate policies for "incidental use" and "recurring use" of our copyrighted material, and special restrictions for use in audio and/or video productions.
The policies stated below regarding AFN material are effective as of August 21, 2007 and may be superceded at any time, without notice, at the sole discretion of AFN management. You are responsible for checking this page to confirm that any use of our copyrighted material conforms to these policies. By using our copyrighted material, you agree to be bound by the terms of these policies.
Incidental Use
Incidental use is defined as one-time, or infrequent and irregular republication or redistribution of news reports for the purpose of informing and/or educating members of a church or denomination, or supporters of some other non-profit organization. For-profit entities do not qualify for incidental use.
Incidental print reproduction of AFN copyrighted material requires that:
The author's (or authors') byline must be included and "OneNewsNow.com" must accompany the byline.
The article must be reprinted in its entirety, unedited, including any "Editor's Note(s)," disclaimer(s), or other annotation(s) that appear(s) at the end of the article.
The statement "Copyright 2010 American Family News Network - Used by permission." must appear at the end of the reprinted article.
Items published in the "Perspectives" section of OneNewsNow.com may not be reprinted, primarily because they are usually written by guest columnists who are not employees of AFN and the permission they have granted AFN to publish their material, usually, does not include redistribution authority. Contact information for most "Perspectives" authors is included at the end of their columns.
Incidental online or email reproduction of AFN copyrighted material requires that:
The author's (or authors') byline must be included and "OneNewsNow.com" must accompany the byline. The reference to "OneNewsNow.com" accompanying the byline must appear as a hyperlink to our home page.
As much as, but no more than the first three paragraphs of the article may be reproduced, and the republished excerpt must be unedited.
The reproduced paragraph(s) must be followed by a text link to the original article at OneNewsNow.com, using the phrases "Read the Full Story" or similar words of identical meaning such as "article" or "story" as the text for the hyperlink. No news item may be referred to as a "column" or "editorial" or any by other word that would reasonably mislead the reader to believe that an AFN news report is an opinion-editorial column.
Opinion-editorial columns - which are published by AFN exclusively in the "Perspectives" section on OneNewsNow.com - may be reproduced according to the above guidelines for incidental online use, except that the reproduced paragraph(s) must be followed by a text link to the original article at OneNewsNow.com, using the phrases "Read the Column" or similar words of identical meaning such as "op-ed" as the hyperlink text. No "Perspectives" item may be referred to as "news" or as a "story," "report," "article," or any by other word that would reasonably lead the reader to believe that an opinion-editorial was published by AFN on OneNewsNow.com as a news item.
Originally-produced, copyrighted news and opinion items published by AFN on OneNewsNow.com may not, under any circumstances, be reproduced in larger part than described above, including reproduction of entire pieces, on other websites. Fair use provisions of U.S. and International Copyright Law allow excerpts for critical review with proper attribution, as described above. Any use in violation of these policies or laws is subject to civil and criminal penalties.
Recurring or Commercial Use
Recurring use is defined as:
Two or more items reproduced within any seven-day period by a publication or website that is updated daily or more often than daily,
Two or more items reproduced within any 31-day period by a publication or website that is updated weekly or more often than weekly but less frequently than daily,
Two or more items reproduced within any 90-day period by a publication or website that is updated monthly or more often than monthly but less frequently than weekly,
Two or more items reproduced within any six-month period by a publication or website that is updated quarterly or more often than quarterly but less frequently than monthly, and/or
Any use by a publication or website that is owned or operated by a for-profit entity or that is funded by advertising or subscription revenue, unless such revenue is paid as Unrelated Business Income to a corporation qualified under Section 501(c)3 of the Internal Revenue Code.
All requirements for "incidental use" apply to users of AFN material who engage in "recurring or commercial use." In addition, those users who qualify under the definition of "recurring or commercial use" above for print republication are also required to do one of the following:
Place a display ad for OneNewsNow.com at least two (2) columns by one (1) inch in size, using the OneNewsNow.com logo provided by AFN, and containing the text "the One site for your News right Now" in at least 10 point Verdana or similar typeface, in any location on the front page of the publication. The OneNewsNow.com logo must occupy at least eighty (80) percent of the width of the ad.
Place a display ad for OneNewsNow.com at least three (3) columns by two (2) inches in size, using the OneNewsNow.com logo provided by AFN, and containing the text "the One site for your News right Now" in at least 12 point Verdana or similar typeface, in any location on the back page of the publication. The OneNewsNow.com logo must occupy at least eighty (80) percent of the width of the ad.
Place a display ad for OneNewsNow.com at least one-eighth page in size, using the OneNewsNow.com logo provided by AFN, and containing the text "The One site for your News right Now" in at least 14 point Verdana or similar typeface, in any location on any interior page of the publication. The OneNewsNow.com logo must occupy at least eighty (80) percent of the width of the ad. Additional text needed to fill this ad space must be taken from the OneNewsNow.com "About" page from the paragraphs beginning with the headline "Your Latest News from a Christian Perspective."
Those users who qualify under the definition of "recurring or commercial use" above for online reproduction are, in addition to the requirements for "incidental use" listed above, required to do one of the following:
Place the text link "OneNewsNow.com" or "OneNewsNow.com - the One site for your News right Now" on the home page of the website engaging in the recurring or commercial use. If the site engaging in recurring or commercial use includes text links to other news websites on its home page, the OneNewsNow.com link must be co-located with those links. The OneNewsNow.com text link may not be displayed in a listing of text or other links for websites that are, in the sole opinion of AFN, "blogs."
Place a button or banner ad - provided by AFN, unedited, and linked to "" - on the home page of the website engaging in the recurring or commercial use, the size of which will depend on the ad's physical placement on the home page:
- In the top one-half of the visible page before scrolling in a 1024 x 768 pixel browser, a 120 x 60 pixel button or larger ad; or
- Anywhere in the visible page before scrolling in a 1024 x 768 pixel browser, a 120 x 90 pixel button or larger ad; or
- At least partially visible on the page without scrolling in a 1024 x 768 pixel browser, a 120 x 240 pixel button or larger ad; or
- Not visible without scrolling in a 1024 x 768 pixel browser, a 468 x 60 pixel banner ad.
The banner or button selected may not be placed within any section of text, banner, button or other links to websites that are, in the sole opinion of AFN, "blogs."
Websites utilizing the automated OneNewsNow.com NewsTickers to syndicate OneNewsNow.com content are not bound by this barter advertising requirement.
Use in Audio or Video Productions
AFN's policies for use of our originally-produced, copyrighted material for inclusion in audio or video productions (including, but not limited to, television, satellite radio, terrestrial radio, Internet streaming, podcasts, etc.), whether live or recorded, include:
All content must be audibly, verbally identified as coming from "One News Now dot com." ("One News Now" is not sufficient.)
Any transmitted audio voicer/packages must be audibly, verbally introduced with the identifier "One News Now dot com" and the reporter's name (i.e. "One News Now dot com's Chris Woodward has details" or "Chad Groening from One News Now dot com explains").
OneNewsNow.com audio may not be altered in any way, and may not be archived on, or linked to from, any other website in any manner.
Audio clips contained within reporters' voicer/packages may not, under any circumstances, be excerpted for transmission or archiving.
Users maintaining a website for the audio or video production, or a website for the ministry that owns, controls or operates the audio or video production - who intend to use OneNewsNow.com text or audio more frequently than once per week - will be required to place a OneNewsNow.com button or banner ad - provided by AFN, unedited, and linked to "" - on the home page of their website. The size of the ad required will depend on the physical placement of the ad on the home page:
In the top one-half of the visible page before scrolling in a 1024 x768 pixel browser, a 120 x 60 pixel button or larger ad; or
Anywhere in the visible page before scrolling in a 1024 x 768 pixel browser, a 120 x 90 pixel button or larger ad; or
At least partially visible on the page without scrolling in a 1024 x 768 pixel browser, a 120 x 240 pixel button or larger ad; or
Not visible without scrolling in a 1024 x 768 pixel browser, a 468 x 60 pixel banner ad.
The banner or button selected may not be placed within any section of text, banner, button or other links to websites that are, in the sole opinion of AFN, "blogs."
TOP
Associated Press Material
AFN's policies for use of our originally-produced, copyrighted material do not apply to Associated Press material which is subject to the following restrictions:
Associated Press (AP) text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use. AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part therof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing.
All material which is identified as having been written by or contributed to by the Associated Press is subject to these restrictions.
TOP
Acceptable Use
Unless otherwise specified, all content produced by AFN and published online at OneNewsNow.com is the copyright property of the American Family News Network and all rights to that property not otherwise granted, herein, are reserved. Any use of AFN copyright content that does not conform to the policies stated herein is a violation of U.S. and/or international copyright laws and may be subject to criminal and/or civil prosecution.
Prohibited Activities
Neither AFN content, nor any links to OneNewsNow.com, may be posted on any website, transmitted through any electronic delivery system (i.e. "email"), or published in any print publication that engages in any of the following:
Any behavior or speech, or advocacy of any behavior or speech that, in the sole opinion of the management of the American Family News Network, is contrary to biblical standards of morality (Example: encouraging sex outside of marriage);
Any display of pornography or obscenity; racism or "racialism" including, but not limited to, race-based supremacist and/or separatist advocacy;
Any activity that encourages or advocates the violent overthrow of the government of the United States or any political subdivision thereof; discrimination; speech designed to incite violence, or threats to cause bodily harm;
Any activity designed to defame, abuse, stalk, harass or physically threaten any individual; including any attempt to link to, post, transmit or otherwise distribute any inappropriate or defamatory material;
Any violation of intellectual property laws including materials protected by local, national, and/or international copyright, trademarks and trade secrets;
Any violation of the individual's right to privacy, including any effort to collect personal data of third parties without their consent;
Any fraudulent activity whatsoever, including dubious financial practices, such as pyramid schemes; the impersonation of another without their consent;
Any activity that results in the sale, transmission or distribution of pirated or illegal software;
Failing to respond to a request by a recipient of unsolicited mail to be removed from any mailing or direct marketing list and continuing to send unsolicited mail following such a request for removal;
Any efforts to attempt to gain unlawful and unauthorized access to AFN computer network servers or to circumvent any of the security measures established to protect the AFN network;
Forging of any TCP-IP packet header (spoofing) or any part of the header information in an e-mail or a newsgroup posting;
Any effort to breach or attempt to breach the security of another Internet user or attempt to gain access to any other person's computer, software, or data without the knowledge and consent of such person;
Any activity that threatens to disrupt the services offered by AFN through "denial of service attacks"; flooding of a network; or overloading a service or any unauthorized probes ("scanning" or "nuking") of the AFN or others' computer networks;
Any activity that in any way threatens the security of the AFN computer network by knowingly posting, transmitting, linking to or otherwise distributing any information or software that contains a virus, Trojan horse, worm, lock, mail bomb, cancelbot or other harmful, destructive or disruptive component;
Any unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on the AFN computer network without AFN's explicit, written consent;
Any unsolicited mass mailing activity including direct marketing; spam and chain letters for commercial or other purposes, without the consent of the recipients of those mails.
Reservation and Non-Waiver of Rights
AFN reserves the right to amend or alter this policy at any time, and without notice to you.
AFN reserves the right to take action against any individuals, companies or organizations that violate any of the prohibited activities set out herein, or engage in any illegal or unlawful activity while accessing our services, to the fullest extent of the law.
AFN reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to act against other types of abuse not listed in this document and to investigate or prevent illegal activities being committed.
AFN reserves the right to monitor user and network traffic for site security purposes and prevent any unauthorized attempts to tamper with our site or cause damage to our property.
AFN reserves the right to suspend, revoke or cancel OneNewsNow.com's services to any or all customers/users if the safety and integrity of OneNewsNow.com's resources are placed at risk in continuing to provide service to the subscriber/user.
AFN reserves the right to remove any information or materials in whole or in part, that, in AFN's sole discretion, is deemed to be offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate.
AFN does not undertake to guarantee the security of any data passing through its networks.
AFN does not waive its right to enforcement of this AUP at any time, or prejudice its right to take subsequent action, should AFN fail, neglect or elect not to enforce a breach of the AUP at any time.
Third-Party Web Pages and Sites
AFN offers access to numerous third-party web pages. You acknowledge that we exercise absolutely no control over such third-party content, or sites and in such cases, OneNewsNow.com is merely a conduit or means of access and transmission. This includes, but is not limited to, third-party content contained on or accessible through OneNewsNow.com and web pages or sites displayed as search results or contained within a directory of links on OneNewsNow.com. It remains your responsibility to review and evaluate any such content, and that any and all risk associated with the use of, or reliance on, such content rests with you.
Conducting Business Over the Internet
AFN cannot be held liable for any business dealings you have with any third parties on the Internet, including any vendors, or advertisers found on, or through, OneNewsNow.com. Further, AFN assumes no responsibility whatsoever for any charges you or any person acting on your behalf incurs when making purchases or other transactions in this manner. Further, the responsibility for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws, including payment of applicable taxes and/or user fees in connection with any such transactions shall be the customer's.
TOP
Comments in Response to Articles
AFN appreciates the desire of our readers, listeners and viewers to comment on the news reports and opinion columns we produce. We remind you, however, that our primary purpose is to publish news and expert commentary from a Christian perspective. OneNewsNow.com is not a blog. If your desire is to participate in a "running discussion" of an issue, please visit The Stand, which is the official blog of our parent organization.
All comments submitted to OneNewsNow.com are reviewed by a moderator before posting. Comments must respond directly to the article about which they are submitted. Comments may not address, refer or respond to other comments.
Comments must be your original writing and may not "cut-and-paste" from the work of others, except for short (less than two sentences) quotations. Comments may not contain profanity, threats, libel, accusations of wrongdoing (moral or legal) against others, copyrighted material, HTML code or hyperlinks, or violate any part of our Acceptable Use Policy (above). Comments may be no more than 300 words (approximately 1,500 characters not including spaces). Comments written in ALL CAPS will not be published.
Comments are reviewed and published Monday through Friday. Comments submitted during weekends will be reviewed the following Monday, as time permits.
Any comment in violation of any part of this policy may be edited or deleted at the sole discretion of the moderators. Comments are chosen for publication at the sole discretion of AFN moderators and we will no longer respond to emails concerning why a particular comment was, or was not, chosen for publication.
TOP
OneNewsNow Polls
Polls posted by OneNewsNow are not scientific, but are provided solely to engage our readers and - like reader comments - allow them to register an opinion about a particular story. Except on weekends, a poll closes roughly 24 hours after it is posted. Final poll results, which remain embedded in the related stories, are used for no other purpose than to allow readers to subsequently view those results.
On occasion, groups and/or individuals may "target" a poll with the objective of skewing the results in their favor. This is known as "freeping" - cheating an online poll by repeatedly voting (usually by clearing cookies or using proxies). OneNewsNow reserves the right to remove or revise any poll that has been targeted. When that happens, it will be so noted and explained at the bottom of the related story.
SIGN UP FOR OUR DAILY NEWS BRIEF
SUBSCRIBE
FEATURED PODCAST
AFR News December 10 Noon Update
December 10, 2020
MORE PODCASTS
One News Now
VOTE IN OUR POLL
Will President Trump be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his accomplishments in the Middle East?
CAST YOUR VOTE
GET PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
SUBSCRIBE
LATEST AP HEADLINES
Biden's transition contends with probe into son’s finances
US panel endorses widespread use of Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine
World carbon dioxide emissions drop 7% in pandemic-hit 2020
US carries out rare execution during presidential transition
Disney unveils plans to stream a galaxy of new series, films
Minneapolis approves cuts to police budget, not staffing
San Diego to fight ruling letting strip clubs stay open
LATEST FROM THE WEB
106 in House GOP back Texas suit; McCarthy refuses to sign
Joe Biden's brother is reportedly also being investigated by federal prosecutors
FDA panel endorses Pfizer coronavirus vaccine for emergency use
The time for talking with the left is long, long past. “People who cannot be reasoned with can only be fought”
The 'trigger event' for civil chaos: Is it imminent?
CARTOON OF THE DAY
One News Now Poll
Trump announces Israel-Morocco to normalize relations
WASHINGTON (December 10, 2020) - Israel and Morocco have agreed to normalize relations, President Donald Trump announced on Thursday, marking the fourth Arab-Israel agreement in four months. As part of the deal, the U.S. will recognize Morocco's claim over the disputed Western Sahara region.
See Related Story
Close
Cartoon of the Day
Close
Sign Up for our Daily News Brief
News stories each weekday from reporters you can trust without the liberal bias found in much of
"mainstream" media.
Close