http://www.forensicmd.com/privacy-policy
Consulting at the Intersection of Mental Health and Law
About
Criminal Law
Civil Matters
Contact +
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to ForensicMD (http://www.ForensicMD.com) and is provided so you can understand this site’s practices governing data collection and usage on the site. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies not owned or controlled by ForensicMD (http://www.ForensicMD.com) or to individuals ForensicMD (http://www.ForensicMD.com) does not employ. By using this site, you consent to the data practices outlined herein.ForensicMD (http://www.ForensicMD.com) may collect personally identifiable consumer information as well as non-identifiable consumer information. This may include your name as well as anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age and gender. We may gather additional information in the future. Some of this information is collected automatically through cookies (a small text file placed on your computer) or other Internet tracking technologies. In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit (not an exhaustive list).Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet. Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.The information collected by ForensicMD (http://www.ForensicMD.com) is used to enhance the visitor's experience when using the website to display personalized content and possibly advertising. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.While ForensicMD (http://www.ForensicMD.com) will take every reasonable precaution to protect collected information from unauthorized access or disclosure, no transmission of data over the internet is completely secure. ForensicMD (http://www.ForensicMD.com) is not intended for users under 13 years of age and does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information on such persons.By using this website, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to ForensicMD (http://www.ForensicMD.com) processing personally identifiable information for the purposes given above. We encourage you to periodically review this policy to be informed of how ForensicMD (http://www.ForensicMD.com) is protecting your information.For more information, or if you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you may email wiita@ForensicMD.com.