http://www.thelandlawyers.com/terms-of-use/
Contact Us:
703-528-4700
Your browser does not support the video tag. We suggest you upgrade your browser.
Client Resources
Contact Us
Skip to content
Toggle navigation
About
About The Firm
Our History
Awards & Recognition
Community Engagement
Our Passions
Professionals
Practice Areas
Land Use & Zoning
Real Estate Transactions
Litigation
Business Transactions
Eminent Domain
Estate Planning & Administration
Case Studies
Careers
Latest News
Client Resources
Contact
Terms of Use
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of Walsh, Colucci, Lubeley & Walsh, P.C. (“Company”, “we” or “us”). The following terms and conditions (these “Terms of Use”) govern your access to and use of www.thelandlawyers.com including any content, functionality and services offered on or through www.thelandlawyers.com (the “Website”).
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter. However, any changes to the dispute resolution provisions set forth in Governing Law and Jurisdiction will not apply to any disputes for which the parties have actual notice [on or] prior to the date the change is posted on the Website.
Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website.
You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and comply with them.
Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS SITE SHOULD BE CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE, AND YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN DOES NOT CREATE AN ATTORNEY CLIENT RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANY. YOU SHOULD NOT ACT ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN WITHOUT SEEKING THE ASSISTANCE OF PROFESSIONAL, LEGAL COUNSEL IN PROTECTING OR ENFORCING YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE LAW.
This site is not intended to be a source of specific legal advice or to form an attorney-client relationship between the viewer and the Company. You should not rely upon anything contained herein with respect to your specific situation. You should consult a qualified attorney if you have a situation affecting your legal rights. Your rights may be impaired or forfeited under the law if you do not act on these rights in a timely fashion.
The Company’s attorneys are only admitted to practicing in the jurisdictions listed on their individual resumes. By appearing on the website, the Company’s attorneys do not solicit, target, or advertise for legal employment in any jurisdiction other than where the attorney is admitted to practice law. This site may be considered advertising in your home state or jurisdiction.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution.
You must not:
Modify copies of any materials from this site.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site.
You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Website or any services or materials available through the Website.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Prohibited Uses
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter” or “spam” or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
Changes to the Website
We may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part, without our express written consent.
This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website. E-mail addresses of our attorneys are not provided as a means for prospective clients to contact our firm or to submit information to us. We have no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information you submit to us unless we have already agreed to represent you or we later agree to do so. Thus, we may represent a party in a matter adverse to you even if the information you submit to us could be used against you in that matter.
You may use these features solely asthey are provided by us with respect to the content they display. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.
Link to any part of the Website other than the homepage.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time in our sole discretion and without notice.
Links from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Arlington
2200 Clarendon Boulevard, Suite 1300
Arlington, Virginia 22201
703-528-4700
Loudoun
One East Market Street, Suite 300
Leesburg, Virginia 20176
703-737-3633
Prince William
4310 Prince William Parkway, Suite 300
Prince William, Virginia 22192
703-680-4664
Winchester
204 South Loudoun Street, Suite 100
Winchester, Virginia
22601
540-667-4912
© Copyright 2020 Walsh Colucci Lubeley & Walsh PC. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy