http://www.elderlyaffairs.com/site/441/privacy_statement.aspx
Jump to Navigation
Font Size
Friday, December 11, 2020
Search:
Service Providers
Learn About
HomeAbout ServicesServices FAQAssess My NeedsFind ServicesApply for AssistancePublicationsAbout UsAnnouncementsNewslettersNewsletter ArchivePhoto AlbumFCC Call Center - Digital TV TransitionChronic Disease Self Management Program (CDSMP)Contact UsSend a CommentEAD Honolulu MapCalendarEventsRSVP
Privacy Statement
Login
Privacy StatementState of Hawaii, Executive Office on Aging, Aging and Disability Resource Centers (hereinafter “ADRC Hawai’i”) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the ADRC Hawai'i Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the ADRC Hawai'i website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
ADRC Hawai'i collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. ADRC Hawai'i also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by ADRC Hawai'i. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by ADRC Hawai'i for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the ADRC Hawai'i Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through ADRC Hawai'i public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: ADRC Hawai'i does not read any of your private online communications.
ADRC Hawai'i encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from ADRC Hawai'i so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. ADRC Hawai'i is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the ADRC Hawai'i and ADRC Hawai'i family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
ADRC Hawai'i collects and uses your personal information to operate the ADRC Hawai'i Web site and deliver the services you have requested. ADRC Hawai'i also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from ADRC Hawai'i and its affiliates. ADRC Hawai'i may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
ADRC Hawai'i does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. ADRC Hawai'i may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, ADRC Hawai'i may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to ADRC Hawai'i, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
ADRC Hawai'i does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
ADRC Hawai'i keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within ADRC Hawai'i, in order to determine what ADRC Hawai'i services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within ADRC Hawai'i to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
ADRC Hawai'i Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ADRC Hawai'i or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ADRC Hawai'i; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ADRC Hawai'i, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The ADRC Hawai'i Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize ADRC Hawai'i pages, or register with ADRC Hawai'i site or services, a cookie helps ADRC Hawai'i to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same ADRC Hawai'i Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the ADRC Hawai'i features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the ADRC Hawai'i services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
ADRC Hawai'i secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. ADRC Hawai'i secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
ADRC Hawai'i will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. ADRC Hawai'i encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how ADRC Hawai'i is protecting your information.
Contact Information
ADRC Hawai'i welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that ADRC Hawai'i has not adhered to this Statement, please contact ADRC Hawai'i at
eoa@doh.hawaii.gov . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
For Help Call:808-768-7700
Calendar
View Upcoming Events
Quick Links & News
View Announcements
Executive Office on Aging |
Hawai'i County ADRC |
Honolulu County ADRC |
Kaua'i County ADRC |
Maui County ADRC
About Us | ADRC Hawai'i | City & County Honolulu | Contact Us | Site Map
Copyright 2020 by ADRC Hawai'i
Privacy Statement
Web Page Accessibility
Terms Of Use