http://www.aftersilence.org/privacy.php
Aftersilence.org en espanol
RAINN:
1-800-656-HOPE
"One year ago, I locked my door and went to sleep; like we all do on any given night. Unfortunately, this night was like no other before and was one I will never be able to forget. I woke up that night to a co-worker who had undressed himself, crawled into my bed and raped me. "Kathleen, rape survivor
Read Kathleen's Story
Rape is a crime, talking about it isn't.
SPEAK.
Privacy Policy
This site is owned and operated by AfterSilence.org. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At After Silence, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.Information After Silence gathers and tracks: After Silence gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to participate in our message board or forums, and to contact us via email.
Information After Silence gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES DOES AFTER SILENCE DIVULGE ANY INFORMATION ABOUT AN INDIVIDUAL USER TO A THIRD PARTY, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
YOUR CONSENT:
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of these information by After Silence only.
This site is offered for support of other rape and sexual
abuse survivors. It is not meant to be a substitute for any kind of professional
help. If you are in a crisis situation we urge to contact your local rape crisis center or health care professional.
Home I About I Join Us I Testimonials I Message Board & Chat Room I Aftermath I Rape and Sexual Abuse I Male Survivors Date Rape Drugs I Recovering from Rape and Sexual Abuse I Speak Resources I Support Us I Contact Us
SiteMap I Terms of Service I Privacy Policy I Internet Safety
After
Silence © Copyright 2003-2011 All Rights Reserved.