https://www.tubman.org/give-help/volunteerintern/volunteer-attorney/family-law/
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Family Law Attorney OpportunitiesTubman’s Family Law program couldn’t do its work without a dedicated team of volunteer family law attorneys. As the need for legal representation for low-income victim survivors grows, our team is looking to grow as well. There are a variety of options to contribute, from giving basic family law legal advice to providing full representation in family court. Whether you have one evening a quarter to give, or want to pledge to have one full representation case open at all times, Tubman welcomes your legal expertise.
Tubman provides case screening, consultation with our staff attorneys, community resources for clients, and malpractice insurance for your pro bono work.
Law Advice Clinics
Provide individual legal advice to clients in a clinic setting at community sites in Minneapolis, St. Paul, Bloomington, St. Louis Park, Brooklyn Center, and Maplewood. You will be scheduled for a two-hour clinic four or six times a year and will usually meet with four clients for 20-30 minutes each. Clinic appointments are designed to clarify legal issues, answer brief questions and provide legal advice and direction—not on-going representation. A volunteer Legal Counseling Advocate meets with clients before and after the attorney meeting to assist and provide resources and referrals. Open to family law attorneys with at least two years of experience in their field.
Family Law Pro Bono
Family Law attorneys represent clients in a range of family law matters from motion hearings to divorce, in Hennepin, Ramsey and Washington Counties. Tubman screens clients for income eligibility and compelling need for representation, and provides ongoing case consultation and resources if necessary. We ask you to represent one or two clients per year. This is our area of greatest client need.
Self-Represented Legal Clinic
Family Law attorneys help clients represent themselves in family law matters, primarily in Hennepin, Ramsey and Washington Counties. Volunteers help write court documents and prepare for hearings or meetings, but do not appear in court. Tubman screens clients for income eligibility, legal merit, and need for representation. Volunteer attorneys are scheduled for a two-hour clinic four to six times a year and meet with one client at each clinic. At the clinic, volunteers are assisted by a volunteer law student or paralegal and make an action plan with the client. Court forms, internet access, printer, copier, and legal resource materials are available.
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.