http://www.buyersbrokersonly.com/privacy-policy
(978) 835-5906
Homes
Search Home Listings
Get Property Updates
Our Buyer Agents
Homebuyer Help
Buyer Beware!
MA Buying Guide
NH Buying Guide
Homebuyer Checklist
Mortgage Resources
Home-buying Articles
Home Loan Referral
Video
Blogs
Home-buying Blog
Relocation Blog
Contact
Phone Consultation
How Can We Help?
Email Us
About
Testimonials
FAQ
Site Map
Learn About Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Press Room
Home
Buyers Brokers Only, LLC Privacy Policy
At Buyers Brokers Only, LLC we respect your privacy. Buyers Brokers Only, LLC will not sell, trade or give away any information about you, including your email address, to any company, organization or individual without your permission.
The information you provide Buyers Brokers Only, LLC by telephone, email, in person and/or any other communication will be used solely for the purposes of contacting you to explain any and all of our services and providing you with information about homes for sale, the home-buying process, our services and related information, including putting you in touch with other firms that we refer business to or that help us help you find a real estate professional.
We do retain the information provided via email, telephone, in person or in forms filled out on our Web site to periodically follow up with you via email, telephone, and/or text message about our services and to provide home-buying and home-buying-related information. Your request to be removed from any email or other list will honored.
If you request a referral to another professional, such as a real estate lawyer or lender, we will pass along the the information you provided us to fulfill your request.
We use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize pages on our Web site, or register to receive content, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. When you return to the same Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the customized features. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our Web site. Buyers Brokers Only, LLC keeps track of the Websites and pages you visit within BuyersBrokersOnly.com and any of our subdomains (e.g., info.buyersbrokersonly.com) in order to determine what portion of our Web site is the most popular or most used. This data is used to deliver customized content and promotions to Web site users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
We license web-based, automated marketing software that employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage our Web site by informing us what content is effective.  Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.  In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages or in emails and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients.  This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We tie the information gathered by clear gifs in emails to the personal information Web users may have provided to us.
We partner with third party ad networks to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partners use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
In addition to what has been previously stated in this privacy policy, we may disclose the information Web users or clients provide us as follows: as required by law, for example, in response to a subpoena or search warrant; to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information strictly confidential; to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale or disposition of all or a portion of Buyers Brokers Only LLC's assets.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version online. You should check this page occasionally to review any changes.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Buyers Brokers Only, LLC privacy policy please do not hesitate to contact Rich Rosa (978.835-5906 or rrosa@buyersbrokersonly.com); however, your use of this Web site or any of our services and any and all communications with Buyers Brokers Only, LLC and its owners, employees, servants or agents are subject to this privacy policy. Thank you for considering Buyers Brokers Only, LLC to help you purchase real estate in Massachusetts or New Hampshire.
For more information about Buyers Brokers Only, LLC, please read our frequently asked questions.
Want Answers to Your Home-buying Questions?
Home Buyer Resources
Search Latest Home Listings
Free Homebuyer Consultation
Wants v. Needs Worksheet
Download MA Home Buyer Guide
Download NH Home Buyer Guide
Rhode Island Home Buyer Guide
103 Home-buying Terms
First-time Home Buyer Programs
12 Mortgage Mistakes to Avoid
Massachusetts Relocation Guide
Find a Mortgage Professional
Condo Buying Questions to Ask
Subscribe to Our Blog
Real Estate Market Reports
Home Buyer Tips and Advice
Homebuyer Workshop
Home Buyer Testimonials
Client: Kailee C. "I really valued the level of professionalism and reliability that [he] consistently maintained. Further, I appreciated the timely manner in which he responded to my questions ..."
Client: Oksana P. "No pressure approach made the process much easier ... in spite of an agressive moving timeline."
Client: Geneva R. "The service Buyers Brokers Only, LLC provided was truly invaluable to us in finding our first home. We couldn't be happier!"
Client: Mark V. & Laura V. "It was an absolute pleasure to work with ... Buyers Brokers Only, LLC. There is absolutely no reason to use anyone else."
More Testimonials
The Latest Home Listings
Home
About
Contact Us
Blog
Video
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Careers
Press Room
Site Map
Contact Us
(978) 835-5906
info@buyersbrokersonly.com
Facebook.com/bbollc
Twitter: @OnlyBuyers
Our Reviews: