http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1997/11.97
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021
Novmber 1997
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Otis R. Damslet, Esq., New York; Ian Chesir-
Teran, Esq., New York; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York; Arthur J.
Levy, Esq., Brooklyn; Mark Major, Esq., New York; Seth M. Rosen, NY
Law School Student; K. Jacob Ruppert, Esq., New York; Daniel R
Schaffer, New York; Paul Twarog, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams,
Esq., Boston; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College, London,
England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1997 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
6th CIRCUIT SUSTAINS CINCINNATI BALLOT MEASURE
Taking its cue from a dissenting opinion filed by Justice Antonin
Scalia when the Supreme Court remanded the case for reconsideration
in light of the Supreme Court's decision in _Romer v. Evans_, 116
S.Ct. 1620 (1996), a 3-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the 6th Circuit unanimously ruled on Oct. 23 that Cincinnati's
Measure 3, a citizen-initiated charter amendment that forbids the
city from adopting any policies protecting gay people from
discrimination, is constitutional.
_Equality Foundation of Greater
Cincinnati, Inc. v. City of Cincinnati_, 1997 WL 656228.
The
opinion by Circuit Judge Robert B. Krupansky (a Reagan appointee)
adopts and embellishes (without citation) Scalia's argument that
despite the similarity in wording between Measure 3 and Colorado
Amendment 2, the different levels of government at which these
measures operate provide a constitutionally significant distinction
between them.
The other judges on the panel, Cornelia G. Kennedy
(a Carter appointee) and Alan E. Norris (a Reagan appointee) joined
Krupansky's opinion.
In 1991 and 1992, the Cincinnati city council adopted gay rights
ordinances.
The first was applicable to the city in its own
policies; the second extended to the private sector the obligation
to refrain from sexual orientation discrimination in employment,
housing and public accommodations.
Opponents of these ordinances
succeeded in placing on the 1993 ballot Measure 3, to amend the
city charter by adding the following article: "The City of
Cincinnati and its various Boards and Commissions may not enact,
adopt, enforce or administer any ordinance, regulation, rule or
policy which provides that homosexual, lesbian, or bisexual
orientation, status, conduct, or relationship constitutes,
entitles, or otherwise provides a person with the basis to have any
claim of minority or protected status, quota preference or other
preferential treatment.
This provision of the City Charter shall
in all respects be self-executing.
Any ordinance, regulation, rule
or policy enacted before this amendment is adopted that violates
the foregoing prohibition shall be null and void and of no force or
effect."
Measure 3 was supported by almost 2/3 of the voters, but a decision
by District Judge Arthur Spiegel that it was unconstitutional
prevented it from going into effect.
In 1995, the 6th Circuit
reversed Spiegel's decision, holding that Measure 3 implicated
neither a suspect classification nor a fundamental right, and that
it withstood the rationality review to which it was subject under
the equal protection clause, see 54 F.3d 261.
Equality Foundation
filed a petition for certiorari, which was pending when the Supreme
Court decided _Romer_.
Several weeks after the decision in _Romer_
was announced, the Court announced that it was granting the
petition for certiorari, vacating the 6th Circuit's decision, and
remanding for reconsideration in light of _Romer_.
See 116 S.Ct.
2519 (1996).
Justice Scalia wrote a dissenting opinion, joined by
Chief Justice Rehnquist and Justice Thomas.
Scalia argued that the two cases were quite different, because
Colorado Amendment 2 was a state level constitutional enactment
while Cincinnati Measure 3 was a municipal charter amendment.
He
contended that Measure 3 could not compare to the "sweeping" nature
of Amendment 2 in relegating lesbians, gay men and bisexuals
virtual "strangers to the law" (which was Justice Anthony M.
Kennedy's characterization of Amendment 2 in his _Romer_ opinion.).
Scalia argued that Measure 3 was a modest attempt by the smallest
democratic unit, the municipal electorate, to instruct their
government to refrain from legislating on the limited subject of
sexual orientation discrimination and affirmative action.
The new 6th Circuit panel decision has taken Scalia's analysis and
embellished it.
Wrote Judge Krupansky: "An exacting comparative
analysis of _Romer_ with the facts and circumstances of this case,
disclose that these contrary results [i.e., the Supreme Court's
decision in _Romer_ compared to the 6th Circuit's earlier decision
in _Equality Foundation_] were reached because the two cases
involved substantially different enactments of entirely distinct
scope and impact, which conceptually and analytically distinguished
the constitutional posture of the two measures.
As developed
herein, the salient operative factors which motivated the _Romer_
analysis and result were unique to that case and were not
implicated in _Equality Foundation I_."
What jumps out at the reader of this opinion is the recurring
phrase: "special rights."
For Krupansky, a law forbidding
discrimination on the basis of a particular characteristic confers
a "special right" upon persons having that characteristic, and
thus, what the Cincinnati voters were doing when they passed
Measure 3 was restricting their local government from conferring
"special rights" on homosexuals.
Thus the difference between
Measure 3 and Amendment 2: The Supreme Court found in _Romer_ that
Amendment 2 might be construed broadly to deny gay people any
protection under the laws of Colorado (although that decision did
not solely rest on so broad a construction).
By contrast, the 6th
Circuit found that Measure 3, a purely local enactment limited to
"special rights" under municipal law, had a much smaller effect on
lesbians, gay men and bisexuals living in Cincinnati, since they
would still be entitled to all the protections, if any, of state
law.
(Most of the law affecting people on a day-to-day basis is
actually state law, since municipalities have limited legislative
authority.)
One significant difference identified by the court was the method
that gay citizens would have to follow to get the measure
overturned politically.
In Colorado, Amendment 2 could be
overturned only by persuading the voters of the state to adopt a
constitutional amendment to repeal it.
By contrast, Cincinnati
gays, in addition to bringing a local initiative measure to amend
the city charter yet again, could appeal to the state legislature
to pass a preemptive measure, so they were not excluded -- at least
theoretically -- from resort to the legislative process to get
Measure 3 overturned.
The court also noted that the wording of the
two measures, although significantly overlapping, appeared broader
in the case of Amendment 2.
While Amendment 2 disempowered gays
from having or claiming "minority status, quota preferences,
protected status or claims[s] of discrimination," Measure 3
deprived gays of making "any claim of minority or protected status,
quota preference or other preferential treatment."
Thus, Measure
3 was assertedly not as "sweeping" in its effect.
In a significant mischaracterization of _Romer_, Krupansky stated
that in the course of its decision, the Supreme Court had "inter
alia, (1) reconfirmed the traditional tripartite equal protection
assessment of legislative measures; and (2) resolved that the
deferential `rational relationship' test, that declared the
constitutional validity of a statute or ordinance if it rationally
furthered any conceivable valid public interest, was the correct
point of departure for the evaluation of laws which uniquely
burdened the interests of homosexuals."
A careful reading of
_Romer_ shows that the Court did neither of these things.
There
was no discussion, much less "reconfirmation," of the traditional
"tiered" approach to equal protection analysis in _Romer_, other
than a statement by Justice Kennedy that Amendment 2 "defied"
traditional equal protection analysis.
And, the Court undertook no
determination of the appropriate level of scrutiny to give
Amendment 2 or sexual orientation discrimination in general;
rather, the Court asserted that Amendment 2 was so lacking in
rationality that it would not even pass the most lenient rational
basis test, and thus further analysis along these lines was
unnecessary.
(Krupansky's assertion has, unfortunately, become
commonplace among federal appeals and district court judges
inclined to rule against gay plaintiffs, particularly in military
cases; they recite their new mantra: "_Romer_ determined that
policies that discriminate based on sexual orientation should be
evaluated under the rationality test.")
Evaluating Measure 3 under the rationality test, the court
characterized it as "direct legislation by the people," and argued
that _Romer_ "should not be construed to forbid local electorates
the authority, via initiative, to instruct their elected city
council representatives, or their elected or appointed municipal
officers, to withhold special rights, privileges, and protections
from homosexuals, or to prospectively remove the authority of such
public representatives and officers to accord special rights,
privileges, and protections to any non-suspect and non-quasi-
suspect group."
This, after having quoted a portion of the _Romer_
opinion in which Justice Kennedy specifically rejected the
contention that Amendment 2 concerned "special rights" for
homosexuals.
As to the justification for the measure, the court focused on cost
savings for the municipality, which would not have to spend any
resources to enforce anti-discrimination provisions on behalf of
gays.
(That gays are also taxpayers with a legitimate claim on
municipal resources for protection of their civil rights was
evidently not a point deemed worth considering by the court.)
In
addition, the court commented that passage of Measure 3 would
protect the citizens of Cincinnati by reducing their "exposure" to
"protracted and costly litigation by eliminating a municipally-
created class of legal claims and charges, thus necessarily saving
the City and its citizens, including property owners and employers,
the costs of defending against such actions."
The court even
suggested that Measure 3 might be supported by a legitimate state
interest in preserving "associational liberty and the expression of
community moral disapproval of homosexuality as rational bases
supporting an enactment denying privileged treatment to
homosexuals," but backed away from that precipice by asserting that
the cost-savings alone provided sufficient justification for
Measure 3.
Equality Foundation will either petition for en banc review by the
full 6th Circuit or for a writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court.
As the 6th Circuit panel's argument is derived from Justice
Scalia's dissent (which was evidently rejected by 6 members of the
Supreme Court when they voted to reverse and remand the case),
perhaps the Supreme Court would see fit to reverse this opinion in
a summary disposition.
In any event, while the controversy was
pending, the Cincinnati city council repealed its private sector
gay rights ordinance, so the eventual elimination of Measure 3
would not necessarily restore protection from discrimination for
gay people in Cincinnati, as a new campaign would be necessary to
persuade the city council to tempt fate by enacting such ordinances
anew.
Equality Foundation is represented by Alphonse A. Gerhardstein, of
Cincinnati, Patricia M. Logue and Suzanne Goldberg of Lambda Legal
Defense (Chicago and New York), Scott Greenwood of Cincinnati and
Richard A. Cordray of Grove City, Ohio.
A group of amicus curiae
were represented through a brief filed by Melissa Wells-Petry.
Arrayed on the other side, in addition to the City Solicitor's
office, were two amici, the National Legal Foundation, a
conservative law firm, and the American Enterprise Institute, whose
brief was submitted by the infamous Robert H. Bork.
A.S.L.
N.J. Supreme Court Upholds Sex Offender HIV Testing Law
On Sept. 25, the New Jersey Supreme Court unanimously affirmed an
appellate division decision that a state law requiring alleged sex
offenders (upon request of the victim) to submit to an HIV blood
test does not impinge on a defendant's federal or state
constitutional rights.
_State of New Jersey in the Interest of
J.G., N.S. and J.T._, 1997 WL 662676.
The court held that such
testing is constitutional, but added that before a court orders
testing, it must find probable cause to believe that an accused or
convicted sex offender has exposed the victim to a risk of possible
HIV transmission.
The 1993 statute at issue was passed in response to the federal
Crime Control Act of 1990, which required states (as a condition of
federal law enforcement financial assistance) to enact legislation
requiring people convicted of sexual assault to be tested if the
victim so demands.
The defense lawyers in this case argued that
the law violated due process because the testing was done prior to
a conviction, and that it was an unnecessary invasion of privacy
when, in fact, the testing would not be able to allay a victim's
fear of contracting HIV or AIDS.
The ruling arises from the sexual assault of a 10-year-old mentally
retarded Jersey City girl, who was raped and sodomized by three
boys, aged 13, 14, and 15.
All three eventually pleaded guilty to
juvenile delinquency charges.
Following the filing of charges, the
State moved at the request of the victim for orders compelling the
juveniles to submit to HIV testing.
The juveniles opposed the
state's demand, asserting that the statute is unconstitutional
under the 4th and 14th amendments and their New Jersey
constitutional equivalents.
At trial, the defense presented unrebutted evidence showing that
testing a suspect would not be a psychological or medical benefit
to victims because HIV has a 3-to-6 month latency period during
which carriers may not test positive.
The trial court agreed and
when applying the _Skinner/Von Raab_ "special needs" test (_Skinner
v. Railway Labor Executives' Ass'n_, 489 U.S.
602 (1989); _National Treasury Employees Union v. Von Raab_, 489
U.S. 656 (1989)), it determined that although the state had a
legitimate and compelling governmental interest in assisting and
protecting the victims, because the court found no benefit to the
victim, it concluded that the statute is unconstitutional.
The Appellate Division reversed.
289 N.J. Super. 575 (1996).
The
panel upheld the statute as applied, refusing to accept that such
testing "is medically or psychologically useless to the victim or
the treatment community," and concluding that "when balanced, the
individual defendant's interest in preventing a bodily intrusion
and disclosure of his HIV status is significantly less weighty than
the compelling state interest in the health and welfare of the
victim in particular and the public in general."
The court ordered
the testing, which was carried out soon thereafter.
The court did
not consider the then-moot Due Process arguments, as the juveniles
were since adjudicated delinquent.
Although testing and
adjudication had taken place, the Supreme Court granted review,
since the issue is "capable of repetition yet likely to evade
review."
Chief Justice Deborah T. Poritz authored the opinion, her first as
Chief Justice.
Interestingly, Poritz had extensive experience with
the issue, having served as Attorney General during the trial and
beginning of the Appellate Division review.
She began her decision
by reiterating that such a test is a "search" for purposes of the
Fourth Amendment. She then turned to the issue of reasonableness,
that is, whether such a search in a criminal
investigation is reasonable when conducted without a warrant based
on probable cause.
The court agreed with the lower courts that in
this instance there is an exception to the warrant requirement
under the _Skinner/Von Raab_ "special needs" test.
If
"special
needs, beyond the normal need for law enforcement, make the warrant
and probable cause requirement impracticable," only some showing of
"individualized suspicion" is required.
However, in limited
circumstances, this individualized suspicion requirement may be
waived if the privacy interests implicated by the search are
minimal and where an important governmental interest furthered by
the search would be placed in jeopardy.
Relying on several drug
testing cases, including _New Jersey Transit PBA Local 304 v. New
Jersey Transit Corp._, 1997 WL 637852 (Poritz's joint-debut opinion
delivered the same day), the court found that the special needs
test was met in this case; HIV testing of accused and convicted sex
offenders ranked among those suspicionless searches because (1)
such testing is not intended to facilitate the criminal prosecution
of the offender, (2) the results are required to be kept
confidential and not disclosed to the prosecutor's office, and (3)
both the warrant and individualized suspicion requirements are
impractical in this context; HIV+ sex offenders often have no
outward manifestations of infection, meaning that probable cause or
individualized suspicion that an assailant is infected could not be
found without testing, so to require a probable cause determination
would frustrate the governmental purpose behind the search.
The court made clear that the privacy interests at stake are very
apparent, stating that "[m]andatory testing and disclosure of HIV
status [threatens] privacy interests beyond the taking of the blood
sample, particularly because of the social stigma, harassment and
discrimination often suffered by individuals who have AIDS or who
are HIV positive."
Based on countless federal and state victims'
rights laws (and rejecting the "no psychological benefit" expert
testimony), the court agreed that the state has a compelling
interest in making information available when it directly affects
the physical and mental well-being of survivors of
sexual assault.
Balancing these two interests, the court found
that the procedural protections against HIV disclosure and use in
a criminal prosecution were sufficient to ensure that the
offender's privacy interests are not unduly infringed.
However, the court then went beyond the Appellate Division's
ruling, finding that the testing statutes do not provide sufficient
procedural safeguards to ensure that HIV testing of the accused and
convicted occur only when the state's interest in testing is
present. The statute defines sexual assault as an "act of sexual
penetration with another person," with "sexual penetration" defined
as "vaginal intercourse, cunnilingus, fellatio or anal intercourse
between persons or the insertion of the hand, finger or object into
the anus or vagina either by the actor or upon the actor's
instruction."
Since sexual penetration as defined here is not
limited to acts where there
is a possibility of the transfer of bodily fluids, the court was
concerned that HIV testing could be required when there is no risk
of HIV transmission.
Therefore, the court held that there must be
a "[demonstrable] risk that the AIDS virus may have been
transmitted from the offender to the victim" before testing can be
ordered.
This way, the testing statute will bear a close and
substantial relation to those state interests.
In determining
whether there has been a possible transfer, the court ruled that a
"court must find that probable cause exists to believe that the
victim may have been exposed to the bodily fluids of the assailant
such that there is a possibility of transmission of the AIDS virus.
If the court makes such a finding, the testing . . . will comport
with the requirements of both the Fourth Amendment of the United
States Constitution and Article I, Paragraph 7 of the New Jersey
Constitution."
Turning to the Due Process claims, the court quickly settled the
matter by stating that since it has required a showing of probable
cause that the AIDS virus could have been transmitted, there is no
Due Process violation.
The court also found no due process
violation in the juveniles' claim that the testing statutes lack
safeguards to protect the privacy and liberty interests of accused
sex offenders.
The court reasoned that since a finding of probable
cause is necessary for a charge of sexual assault, a prima facie
case of sexual assault is required for a grand jury indictment, and
since probable cause is required for delinquency adjudication, due
process rights of adults and juveniles are adequately protected.
K.J.R.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Supreme Court Avoids Lesbian/Gay Issues on Initial Certiorari
Decisions of October 1997 Term
Commencing its October 1997 Term on Oct. 6, the Supreme Court
announced that it was denying petitions for certiorari in three
cases presenting questions of particular concern for gay law.
In perhaps the most closely-watched of the three, _Richenberg v.
Cohen_, No. 96-1648, the Court refused to take up the
constitutionality of the "don't ask, don't tell" policy enacted by
Congress and the Clinton Administration in 1993.
In that case, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit ruled last year in
_Richenberg v. Perry_, 97 F.3d 256, that the policy is
constitutional.
This is the third certiorari petition in a case
challenging the current military policy that the Court has denied.
Clearly, there will not be four votes on the Court for taking this
issue up until such time as a federal court of appeals holds that
the policy is unconstitutional.
(Although the 9th Circuit appeared
to hold one application of the military ban unconstitutional in
_Meinhold_, that ruling was technically on a discharge that
occurred prior to adoption of the current policy; this probably
explains the Court's decision not to take up that case, as the new
policy was in place by the time the government attempted to appeal
that decision.)
Thus, the most likely candidate to bring this
issue to the Supreme Court is the test-case litigation pending in
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit, _Able v. U.S._, in
which the U.S. District Court, E.D.N.Y. (Nickerson, J.) (968
F.Supp. 850), ruled over the summer that the current policy is
unconstitutional.
In _Nelson v. McClatchy Newspapers, Inc._, No. 97-187, the Court
refused to review a decision by the Washington Supreme Court,
reported at 936 P.2d 1123, upholding a newspaper's decision to
reassign a lesbian employee from reporting to an editorial job
after she refused to withdraw from participation in gay political
activity.
The reporter claimed that her activity was protected by
a Washington state statute; the state court ruled that the
newspaper's first amendment freedom of the press rights would be
violated if the court were to order the newspaper to reassign the
employee as a reporter.
In _Doe v. Mass. Dept. of Social Services_, No. 96-1819, the Court
refused to review an unreported decision by the Massachusetts
courts, rejecting as moot a claim by a father that the state
violated his free exercise of religion by assigning his minor child
to a foster care placement with a gay male couple.
By the time the
litigation was under way, the foster placement had ended and the
child was back in the custody of his father.
In the one pending case that is being closely watched to see
whether the Court's decision will affect the workplace rights of
lesbians and gay men significantly, the Court is considering
whether Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 gives a right of
action for sexual harassment to an employee subjected to harassment
by other employees (or supervisors) of the same sex as the
employee.
In _Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services, Inc._, 83
F.3d 118 (5th Cir. 1996), the appeals court categorically ruled out
any same-sex harassment claims under Title VII, accepting a theory
that the inclusion of "sex" in Title VII was intended to protect
individuals from discrimination in workplaces dominated by members
of the opposite sex.
Every other federal circuit court that has
considered the question has determined that at least some same-sex
harassment claims may be actionable under Title VII, and a few have
even found a Title VII cause of action for harassment that might be
characterized as homophobic.
A.S.L.
Sixth Circuit Recognizes Equal Protection Claim Based on
Sexual Orientation Discrimination in Selective Prosecution Case
On Oct. 8, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit revived an
equal protection claim brought by a woman against whom DUI laws
were selectively enforced based on her supposed sexual orientation.
_Stemler v. City of Florence, Chipman v. City of Florence_, 1997 WL
615760.
According to the facts related by Circuit Judge Boggs, while
dancing at a bar with boyfriend Steve Kritis, Conni Black met Susan
Stemler.
They went to the women's restroom to discuss their
respective boyfriends; Black told Stemler that she wanted to leave
Kritis.
Kritis burst into the restroom cursing, grabbed Black,
threatened to kill her, slammed her against a toilet stall, then
pulled her out of the restroom.
Black briefly passed out after
Kritis pulled her out of the restroom a second time and slammed her
into a wall.
Kritis menaced Black with his fist.
At Black's
request, Stemler agreed to drive her home.
As they were leaving,
Kritis hit Stemler in the head with a blunt object.
Kritis chased Stemler's car with his truck, headlights off. Kritis
rear-ended Stemler and tried to trap her car in a residential
cul-de-sac.
When Kritis got out of his truck to pound on the
window of Stemler's car and yell at Black (waking additional
witnesses who called 911), Stemler drove around the truck.
Kritis
resumed the chase at sixty m.p.h. on a residential sidewalk.
The
911 caller and a witness already following the two vehicles
followed in their cars. At a traffic light one of the witnesses
flashed his lights at police Lt. Thomas Dusing (responding to the
911 call) and told him that Kritis appeared to threaten the safety
of the women.
Dusing cut-off the two vehicles at the intersection;
Stemler ran out of her car to Dusing and cried, explaining that the
drunk Kritis assaulted the two and threatened murder.
While
Stemler was talking to Dusing,
Kritis told Officer Reuthe that
Stemler was a lesbian who was kidnapping his girlfriend.
(Stemler
denies that she is a lesbian.)
Reuthe told Dusing that he smelled
alcohol on Kritis and that Stemler was a lesbian. Despite his
obvious intoxication, no one conducted a sobriety test on Kritis or
asked him to step out of the truck. (Later testing put his blood
alcohol at the time of the stop at .155-.175, at least
one-and-a-half times the legal limit.)
Kritis repeated to Dusing
that Stemler was a lesbian and asked him to bring Black to his
truck. Dusing told Kritis that he would see what he could do and
asked Kritis if he would testify against Stemler.
Dusing's report
claimed that he did not smell alcohol on Kritis, despite his
contemporaneous statements to two witnesses that he did.
Dusing ordered Officer Wince to test Stemler's sobriety despite her
lack of DUI indicators (e.g. impaired balance), finding a blood
alcohol level of .105 by a breathalyzer which Stemler alleges was
improperly calibrated.
All the officers heard Kritis claim that
Stemler was a lesbian, and they agreed with Dusing's decision to
arrest Stemler for DUI.
On Stemler's pointing at Kritis (who
hadn't turned his headlights on) to ask Wince "Why don't you check
him?," Wince pulled her arm behind her back and handcuffed her.
A
witness, angered by Stemler's arrest, told the complete story of
the chase to two other officers.
They told him that he didn't know
what was going on but would be contacted to testify against
Stemler.
Mysteriously, all records of this witness were lost.
Meanwhile, two officers made a point of telling the 911 caller that
Stemler was a lesbian; their certainty surprised the witness given
Stemler's out-of-state license plates.
Dusing ordered Black
arrested for public intoxication "if she didn't want to leave with
the male."
Two officers then lifted the insensate Black out of
Stemler's car and placed her in the passenger seat of Kritis'
truck.
Kritis immediately drove off with Black, who again passed
out.
Five minutes later Kritis' truck broadsided a guardrail,
throwing Black partially out of the passenger side window and
severing her head in two.
Kritis drove another 2.5 miles before
stopping to flag down a passing motorist, who described Kritis as
nonchalant, though obviously drunk.
Police arriving at the scene
saw probable cause to arrest Kritis without need of a field
sobriety test.
Stemler states that she had half of a beer and two Irish coffees
that night.
An hour after testing Stemler's blood alcohol level at
.105, Wince allegedly tested Stemler at .17.
A forensic scientist
concluded that the integrity of this sample was destroyed as Wince
(for the first time in his career) held the sample for five days,
didn't submit required documentation, then drove it to the lab
personally.
At Stemler's first DUI trial (resulting in a hung
jury), Wince admitted that he had not completed an evidence card
which he produced at her second trial, claiming it was completed at
the time of arrest.
Stemler was acquitted.
Black's estate has a
wrongful death appeal pending against the police.
Stemler then sued the City of Florence and law enforcement
officials in federal court, alleging a violation of her rights to
due process and equal protection of the laws.
Because the state
court found that the police had probable cause to arrest Stemler,
her false arrest and malicious prosecution claims were properly
dismissed by the district court.
The court of appeals found itself
"powerless" to review the due process issue of Wince's
evidence-tampering, reasoning that Stemler didn't raise it in her
complaint but only after Wince was dismissed from suit.
However, "this is the rare case in which a plaintiff has
successfully stated a claim of selective prosecution. . . [T]he. .
. officers chose to arrest and prosecute her for [DUI] because they
perceived her to be a lesbian, and out of a desire to effectuate an
animus against homosexuals. . .
Kritis was similarly situated to
Stemler (or, indeed, far drunker than she)," but they chose not to
arrest him at the time they arrested Stemler because they perceived
him to be heterosexual.
The court rejected defendants' citation of
_Bowers v. Hardwick_ as support for the proposition that it is
always constitutional to discriminate on the basis of sexual
orientation, holding that the police would violate the core
principle of the Equal Protection Clause by basing enforcement
decisions on an "arbitrary classification," and noting that the
availability of such a claim is not limited to groups accorded
heightened scrutiny under equal protection jurisprudence.
The
district court's decision on the equal protection claim was
reversed with respect to the individual police defendants and
remanded for further proceedings. M.M.
Maryland Appeals Court Rules for Gay Father in Visitation Dispute
Vacating and remanding a circuit court decision that placed strict
limitations on the visitation rights of a gay father, the Maryland
Court of Special Appeals ruled in _Boswell v. Boswell_, No. 1466
(Oct. 29, 1997), that the circuit court had abused its discretion
by prohibiting overnight visitation, visitation in the presence of
the father's domestic partner, and visitation in the presence of
any other homosexuals.
The father, Robert Boswell, was represented
on the appeal by Lambda Legal Defense Fund through cooperating
attorney Nancy Polikoff, a law professor at American University,
assisted by Andrea Colender, cooperating local counsel in Maryland.
The case stemmed from the 1995 divorce of Robert and Kimberly
Boswell.
The divorce was precipitated when Robert "came out" to
Kimberly.
At the time of the custody hearing in the circuit court,
their children, Ryan and Amanda, were 8 and 5 years old,
respectively.
Under a temporary visitation order pending a
decision on the merits, the children had been seeing their father
(and his partner, Rob Donathan, with whom Robert shared a bedroom)
on Wednesdays and alternate weekends.
The circuit court received
expert testimony of some ambiguity about the visitation issue,
including suggestions by one expert that children of newly-divorced
parents should not be exposed to their parents new partners too
quickly, and perhaps not at all during the first year after
divorce.
Circuit Court Judge Lawrence Rushworth also interviewed
the children together on the record in chambers, eliciting a
preference against overnight visitation from Ryan with equivocal
echoes from Amanda, and also equivocal comments about their
relationship with Robert's partner.
(Of particular concern to Ryan
was continuing his relationship with the partner's dog.)
Ruling from the bench, the Rushworth (who had previously rejected
a recusal motion based on comments he made to counsel in chambers
that were considered biased) ordered that the father's visitation
be on Wednesdays and alternate weekends, with some more time during
the summer, but that there be no overnight visitation (based
apparently on the judge's conclusion that the children did not
desire it), no visitation in the presence of Robert's partner, and
no exposure to any other homosexuals during visitation.
Interestingly, the mother did not request any of these restrictions
on visitation.
After issuing his order, Judge Rushworth recused
himself from further participation in the case.
On appeal, the court found an abuse of discretion, in an opinion by
Judge Arrie W. Davis.
At the outset, noting the barrage of
materials filed in the appeal on the subject of children raised in
gay families, Judge Davis asserted that this was not a gay rights
case.
Rather, he emphasized that the court's role was to be
narrowly focused on the best interest of the children and on
whether the circuit court's restrictions on visitation were
supported by the factual record.
As to the restriction on overnight visitation, Davis found that the
only explanation for this restriction given by the circuit court
was that the children were "young" and that they preferred not to
visit overnight.
Davis noted that the "court made no finding of
possible harm to the children from overnight visitation, either
from Donathan, appellant, or the general circumstances."
The court
then found "clearly erroneous" the finding that "the children" did
not desire overnight visitation; while Ryan preferred not to stay
overnight, Amanda had not expressed such a preference.
Further,
the court noted that the preferences of very young children should
not be given preclusive weight.
More seriously, the court found
that the circuit court had misstated the testimony of the expert
child psychologist; she had raised certain problems about overnight
visitation on a weeknight, but had not testified that all overnight
visitation would be bad for the children.
The social worker
witness had not raised any objections to overnight visitation,
either, and Davis found that "the court seems not to have announced
any objective to be served by prohibiting overnight visitation."
Since the circuit court had not articulated a coherent reason for
the restriction, its imposition was an abuse of discretion, and was
vacated by the appeals court.
Davis next asserted that the court "must" vacate the prohibition on
visitation in the presence of the father's partner.
The circuit
court's articulated reason for this restriction was an improper
reliance on older cases restriction the exposure of children to a
parent's "paramour."
Davis found that the court had abandoned
those older cases, and had adopted a fact-specific test of harm to
the child.
As the circuit court had "articulated no findings of
actual harm to the children that the evidence indicated would
result from the children's exposure to appellant's present or
future non-marital sexual relationships," and had apparently
inferred that the "exposure would be per se harmful. . . by virtue
of the relationship's inherently `inappropriate' nature" was not
sufficient to constitute a proper exercise of discretion.
Since
the record showed no necessity for the restriction, it too should
be vacated.
Finally, the restriction on exposure to any other homosexuals
apparently struck the appeals court as completely ludicrous.
"The
court made no findings of fact at all justifying this blanket
prohibition, which encompasses, it appears, every situation in
which appellant and the children may be in the company of
homosexuals. No testimony in the record supports this prohibition
on contact of any kind with homosexuals.
Certainly the court said
nothing about it in its oral statements and made no finding of harm
to the children from such contact. . . [T]his prohibition clearly
cannot stand."
The court also found improper the circuit court's order that the
father, in addition to providing health insurance for the children,
be solely responsible for all their health care costs that might
not be covered by the insurance.
The court found no basis for
departing from the Maryland practice of apportioning such costs
based on the incomes of both parents.
The case was remanded to a
new judge for appropriate fact-finding and entry of a new
visitation order.
A.S.L.
Sexual Harassment Against Transsexual Covered By Title IX
Rejecting a motion to dismiss in _Miles v. New York University_,
1997 WL 626891 (S.D.N.Y., Oct. 7), U.S. District Judge Whitman
Knapp found that a sexual harassment complaint against a professor
by a student who was undergoing a sex reassignment process from
male to female stated a valid claim under Title IX of the Education
Amendments of 1972, 20 U.S.C. sec. 1681 et seq.
According to the opinion, plaintiff Jennifer Miles "had undergone
hormone treatments for breast augmentation but had not yet had sex-
reassignment surgery at the time of the events alleged in the
complaint."
Miles alleged that while a grad student in musicology
at NYU, she was assigned a series of one-on-one tutorials with a
professor who "began making wholly unwelcome sexual advances. . .
[which] included the fondling of breasts, buttocks, and crotch,
forcible attempts to kiss, and repeated propositioning for a sexual
relationship."
Miles complained to the university's sexual
harassment committee, which reprimanded the professor; nonetheless,
the professor was granted tenure, even though there were several
other similar complaints on file against him from other female
students.
Although the committee requested "the certain deans
investigate a possible pattern of harassment in the music
department," the deans took no action and never even discussed the
allegations with the professor.
Miles also alleged that after she
filed her complaint, she was treated in hostile fashion by
professors and administrators and, as a result, prematurely left
the doctoral program and continues to suffer mental distress,
anguish and pain.
Judge Knapp rejected NYU's argument that it was not responsible for
the professor's conduct cursorily, stating: "[Any] jury that
accepted as true all facts claimed by plaintiff would surely find
in her favor on this issue."
Turning to the argument that Miles
had not stated a cause of action under Title IX, which prohibits
sex discrimination by institutions of higher education that receive
federal funds, Knapp rejected the argument that Miles' transsexual
status relieved the university of liability.
"There is no
conceivable reason why such conduct should be rewarded with legal
pardon just because, unbeknownst to Professor Eisen and everyone
else at the university, plaintiff was not a biological female.
So
far as we can determine, no other defendant has ever sought to
justify such conduct by this type of defense."
Reviewing cases that had rejected discrimination claims by
transsexuals under Title VII, Knapp pointed out that they dealt
with the quite different issue of employment discrimination based
on transsexuality.
He quoted from dicta in one of those cases,
_Holloway v. Arthur Anderson, Inc._, 566 F.2d 659 (9th Cir. 1977),
as follows: "transsexuals claiming discrimination because of their
sex, male or female, would clearly state a cause of action under
Title VII."
"There can be no doubt," concluded Knapp, "that Professor Eizen's
conduct with respect to Jennifer Miles, assuming it can be proven,
related to sex and sex alone.
Title IX was enacted precisely to
deter that type of behavior, even though the legislators may not
have had in mind the specific fact pattern here involved."
On to trial (unless NYU settles on terms acceptable to Miles).
Miles is represented by William H. Kaiser of Kaiser, Saurborn &
Mair, PC, in New York City.
A.S.L.
N.J. Court Approves Adoption by Gay Male Couple
Bergen County, New Jersey, Superior Court Judge Sybil R. Moses has
granted a petition by Jon Holden and Michael Galluccio to jointly
adopt their son Adam.
The men became foster parents of Adam in
January 1996, when he was 3 months old and had been born to an HIV+
mother who was addicted to cocaine.
They nursed him to health and
then sought to adopt him.
State officials informed them that a
joint adoption was not possible; one would have to adopt, and then
the other would have to apply to adopt as a co-parent, resulting in
two rather than one legal proceedings with associated time delays
and costs.
The Oct. 22 ruling was announced by Judge Moses from
the bench, without a written opinion.
In a telephone interview,
Judge Moses told the _New York Times_ (Oct. 23) that she approved
the adoption "solely because it was in the best interest of this
child."
Holden and Galluccio were represented by the ACLU's
Lesbian and Gay Rights Project, through cooperating attorney
Barbara Fox.
While there is precedent in N.J. for approving
second-parent adoptions, this appears to have been the first joint
adoption by a same-sex couple to have been approved in the state.
A.S.L.
N.Y. Federal Court Dismisses Same-Sex Harassment Suit
The U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
recently dismissed a same-sex harassment claim, holding that the
plaintiff failed to prove that the reason given for his termination
was pretextual.
_Taylor v. New York City Transit Authority_,
1997 WL 620843 (Oct. 7).
Transit operator Peter Taylor filed suit
against the Transit Authority under Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, asserting he was terminated because he is
heterosexual.
Taylor was fired in July of 1994 after a arbitration board found
that Taylor had verbally and physically assaulted another employee.
(Taylor had claimed that the male employee in question had made
sexual advances to Taylor, but the arbitration board found the
other employee's denial of these allegations more credible than
Taylor's testimony.) Taylor later failed harassment complaints with
the Transit Authority's Equal Employment Office and the N.Y. State
Division of Human Rights, both of whom found Taylor's allegations
to be without merit.
The State Division held that the Transit
Authority articulated a legitimate, non-discriminatory for firing
Taylor.
Taylor subsequently filed a same-sex harassment suit under
Title VII in the New York District Court.
In her opinion, Judge Sonia Sotomayor decided that prior
arbitration decisions to not collaterally estop a plaintiff from
later filing a Title VII claim.
Sotomayor based her analysis on
_Alexander v. Gardner-Denver Co._, 415 U.S. 36 (1974), which stated
that while arbitration provides a contractual remedy, a lawsuit
under Title VII concerns statutory rights provided by congress.
Sotomayor also refused to decide whether same-sex harassment claims
are actionable under Title VII, citing the Supreme Court's pending
decision in _Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Servs., Inc._, 83 F.3d
118 (5th Cir. 1996), which also involves same-sex discrimination
under Title VII.
Sotomayor stated that the Transit Authority deserved summary
judgment because Taylor presented no evidence that he was
discharged because he was heterosexual.
Sotomayor held that Taylor
had the burden to prove that the reason the Transit Authority gave
for his termination was false or unworthy of belief.
Since Taylor
presented no evidence that he was fired for any reason other than
his assault of his fellow employee, Sotomayor granted summary
judgment in favor of the Transit Authority. S.M.R.
Technicality Bars Sexual Orientation Discrimination Complaint
The Connecticut Superior Court dismissed a sexual orientation
employment discrimination case because the plaintiff did not get a
right-to-sue letter from the Connecticut Commission on Human Rights
(CCHRO).
_Martin v. O'Meara_, 1997 WL 625417 (Oct. 1).
Judge
Karazin ruled that what was described as a "typographical error" in
a letter communicating plaintiff's request for the right-to-sue
letter was not sufficient to outweigh the requirement that a right-
to-sue letter be obtained before an employment discrimination
action can be pursued.
Martin, who worked for the Department of
Mental Retardation, wrote to the CCHRO, but asked for a right-to-
sue letter from the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission
(EEOC).
Judge Karazin found that Martin's letter, which was not
proven to have been sent, could have reasonably been interpreted by
the CCHRO to be "simply informing" them of a parallel action being
taken with the EEOC, and so granted a motion to dismiss the case.
D.R.S.
Domestic Partnership Updates
U.S. Rep. Barney Frank (D.-Mass.) has introduced the Domestic
Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act of 1997, a bill that would
make domestic partnership benefits available to partners of federal
employees.
Co-sponsors include Nita Lowey (D.-N.Y.), Elizabeth
Furse (D.-Ore.), Eleanor Holmes Norton (D.-D.C.), Bob Filner (D.-
Cal.), and others who joined too late for inclusion in the press
release distributed by Rep. Frank's office.
Both same-sex and
opposite-sex partners would be eligible for addition to a myriad of
government employee benefits programs on the same basis as
employees' spouses.
According to the _Washington Post_ (Oct. 31),
Frank's bill has been endorsed by the American Federation of
Government Employees and the National Treasury Employees Union.
Frank stated that the failure of the federal government to adopt a
domestic partnership benefits program left it trailing progressive
private sector firms with whom the government competes for talented
personnel.
Some new entrants to the list of employers adopting domestic
partnership benefits plans: Electronic Data Systems, a Plano,
Texas-based computer services company with more than 1200
employees, announced that it would offer full health and dental
benefits to domestic partners of gay employees effective Jan. 1.
Founded by Ross Perot in 1962, the company was acquired by General
Motors in 1984, and spun off as an independent company in 1996. *
* * Compaq Computer Corp. will extend benefits eligibility to same-
sex domestic partners of employees effective Jan. 1. * * * Without
any announcement or public fanfare, the McGraw-Hill Publishing
Company has extended eligibility for domestic partnership benefits
to the partners of lesbian and gay employees effective in the
current enrollment cycle. * * *
The New York Times Co. has
extended its domestic partnership benefits program (previously
applicable only to employees in its Newspaper Guild bargaining
unit) to its managerial staff, both at the newspaper in New York
and at other newspapers owned by the Times (including the Boston
Globe). * * *
Edison International, a Rosemead, California-based
utility holding company, has adopted a domestic partnership
benefits plan that extends to all domestic partners, regardless of
gender, thus expanding a 1996 policy that dealt only with
bereavement leave.
The Lower Merion, Pennsylvania, school board voted to provide
health benefits to same-sex domestic partners of school district
employees, thus obeying an order by a labor arbitrator, and making
the school district the first in Pennsylvania to provide such
benefits.
_Philadelphia Inquirer_, Oct. 22.
Virginia Attorney General Richard Cullen issued an opinion Oct. 21
that local governments may not adopt domestic partner benefits
plans for their employees.
Cullen's opinion was in response to the
action by Arlington establishing such a plan, which went into
effect on July 1.
While Cullen's opinion has no immediate effect,
it could provide support if an Arlington taxpayer were to file suit
seeking invalidation of the plan, as has happened in some other
cities around the country.
_Washington Post_, Oct. 21. A.S.L.
Who Will Be First With Same-Sex Marriage: Hawaii or The
Netherlands?
The government of the Netherlands appears poised to become the
first modern jurisdiction to extend the full right to marry to
same-sex couples.
According to an Associated Press story filed
from Amsterdam on Oct. 29, a parliamentary committee has approved
proposed legislation that would allow same-sex couples to marry and
adopt children, and to have the same pension, inheritance and
social security rights as married heterosexuals.
While several
Scandinavian countries have adopted registered partnership laws in
recent years that make most of the rights of marriage available to
same-sex couples, those laws have specifically excluded the right
for such couples to adopt children, and (in those countries with
established churches) backed away from requiring the churches to
perform same-sex marriage ceremonies.
There is no established
church in the Netherlands, so church weddings are not a legislative
issue there.
It is expected that final consideration of the
proposal will come early in 1998.
This sets up a race between the Netherlands and Hawaii as to which
will be the first jurisdiction to achieve full marriage rights for
same-sex couples.
In Hawaii, final briefing has taken place on the
state's appeal to the state supreme court of a trial court decision
from last year holding that the continued exclusion of same-sex
couples from the Hawaii marriage law violates the state
constitution's ban on sex discrimination.
The court has not
scheduled oral argument, so an opinion could issue at any time.
Also pending in Hawaii, however, is a ballot measure approved by
the state legislature, scheduled for a vote in Nov. 1998, when the
state's voters will be asked whether the state constitution should
be amended to authorize the legislature to determine whether
marriage should be restricted to opposite-sex couples.
Also, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit will decide sometime next
year whether a referendum on holding a state constitutional
convention must be rerun; the 1996 vote on that issue produced a
plurality in favor, but the Hawaii Supreme Court ruled that an
absolute majority of all voters was necessary to authorize the
convention.
Opponents of same-sex marriage hoped to use the
convention as a vehicle to accomplish the objective of the already-
scheduled 1998 ballot measure.
Although Hawaii might be first in the gate, the permanence of that
victory may be in doubt for some time afterwards.
By contrast, as
the Dutch government is supportive of the push for same-sex
marriage, the issue is likely to be settled definitively first in
The Netherlands.
Meanwhile, in its Oct. 20 issue, _The Nation_ published a report on
the Vermont marriage litigation by E.J. Graff, "In & Out in
Vermont."
Graff suggests that the Vermont case is poised for
success in a state with no sodomy law, a gay rights law, and
domestic partnership benefits provided by the state and some
private employers.
Graff also comments that a Vermont victory
would be much more significant than a Hawaii victory: same-sex
couples from the mainland would incur considerable expense and
inconvenience traveling to Hawaii to marry; for many, Vermont is
just around the corner!
A.S.L.
_Law & Society Notes_:
Lambda Legal Defense Fund and the ACLU Lesbian & Gay Rights Project
filed a petition for certiorari on Oct. 31 in the U.S. Supreme
Court seeking review of the 11th Circuit's en banc decision in
_Shahar v. Bowers_, 114 F.3d 1097 (11th Cir. May 30, 1997).
In
_Shahar_, the circuit court rejected a lesbian attorney's challenge
to the constitutionality of a decision by the attorney general of
Georgia revoking her job offer as a result of her participation in
a religious marriage ceremony with her partner.
The plaintiff,
Robin Shahar, is presently employed as an attorney for the City of
Atlanta.
Ruth Harlow, Lambda managing attorney, is lead counsel
for Shahar; the case was originally brought by the ACLU, at a time
when Harlow was a staff attorney for that organization.
The U.S. Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee held hearings
late in October on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA),
whose chief sponsor is Sen. James Jeffords (R.-Vt.), chair of the
committee.
ENDA, a limited civil rights bill that would ban
intentional sexual orientation discrimination in employment by all
employers who are subject to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of
1964, fell one vote short of passage in the Senate last year under
unusual circumstances (paired with a vote on the Defense of
Marriage Act), but is not expected to progress to a floor vote in
this session of Congress.
Testimony by individuals claiming to
have suffered sexual-orientation discrimination caused media
comment in their own communities.
For example, gay attorney David
Horowitz testified that he was denied a job as an assistant city
prosecutor in Mesa, Arizona, because he was openly gay.
This set
off a one-day sensation in the local Arizona press, with denials
from Mesa officials that there was a policy of discrimination
against gays.
(See _Arizona Republic_, Oct. 26.).
The denials
rang hollow, since Horowitz had presented excellent credentials for
the job.
_Arizona Republic_ columnist Art Thomason suggested that
internal city politics probably had more to do with the failure to
hire Horowitz than outright homophobia.
California Governor Pete Wilson vetoed the latest attempt by the
California legislature to add "sexual orientation" to the
prohibited grounds for discrimination under the state's Fair
Employment and Housing Code.
The Oct. 10 veto was the second by
Wilson, who did during the intervening time sign a measure
codifying existing interpretations of the state Labor Code to
provide a limited cause of action for employees discharged for
being gay.
Proponents of the legislation argued that gays should
have the same level of protection afforded other groups, including
the more accommodating statute of limitations under the FEHC and
access to the Fair Employment and Housing Commission for
investigation of their complaints.
Wilson commented that the
measure was "unnecessary."
_San Francisco Chronicle_, Oct. 11.
In
another veto action, Wilson rejected a measure to authorize the
state bar association to increase its dues, citing, among other
things, the association's endorsement of same-sex marriage as an
inappropriate action.
_Washington Blade_, Oct. 24.
Military recruitment on campus continued to raise problems at the
nation's law schools, as the Judge Advocate General Offices of the
various branches of the Defense Department began calling to make
appointments for interviewing students and schools threatened with
the loss of student loan and work study funds rapidly capitulated.
The lone holdout reported to us as of this date is William Mitchell
Law School, whose dean stated that money could be found elsewhere
to make up for the loss of federal funds.
Dean Pamela B. Gann of
Duke Law School published an op-ed piece in the _National Law
Journal_, explaining why Duke had capitulated and calling for a
change in federal policies.
Proponents of an anti-gay ballot measure intended to repeal the
recently passed gay rights law in Maine achieved enough signatures
to put their measure on the ballot sometime next year, according to
state officials, but gay rights advocates are not taking the
challenge lightly.
After a marathon effort to detect
irregularities in petitions, they filed suit in the Cumberland
County Superior Court (_Remmel v. Gwadosky_) on Oct. 27, alleging
that there were problems with enough signatures to disqualify the
measure.
Their main argument was that proponents began collecting
signatures sooner than was authorized by state law, a point as to
which they ran into disagreement with Dan Gwadosky, the named
defendant who is Secretary of State of Maine.
_Bangor Daily News_,
Oct. 28.
The _San Francisco Chronicle_ reported Oct. 8 that President
Clinton would nominate James C. Hormel, an openly-gay San Francisco
businessman and philanthropist, to be the U.S. Ambassador to
Luxembourg.
If confirmed by the Senate, Hormel would be the first
openly-gay U.S. citizen of ambassadorial rank.
Hormel had
previously been considered for appointment as Ambassador to Fiji,
but the nomination was never made, reportedly due to concerns about
the existence of a sodomy law in Fiji.
Hormel's nomination is
subject to approval by a Senate committee chaired by Jesse Helms
(R.-N.C.), the leading homophobe of the Senate.
However, Hormel
had previously been approved by the same committee (and the Senate)
as an alternate representative on the United States's U.N.
delegation, so signs for the nomination are hopeful.
Hormel has
been a major financial donor to the Democratic Party and a leader
of the gay community in San Francisco, where his donation helped to
establish a research center on gay issues at the public library.
A lawyer in Maine who wanted to wear a "No on 1 - Maine Won't
Discriminate" button in a state courtroom didn't have a 1st
Amendment leg to stand on, according to the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the 1st Circuit's ruling in _Berner v. Delahanty_, 1997 WL
659012 (Oct. 28).
The button referred to a pending ballot measure
that would have barred the state or its subdivisions from passing
gay rights measures.
Attorney Seth Berner, wearing his button,
showed up for an appearance in the Superior Court and was summoned
before the judge, who asked him to remove the button.
When Berner
inquired about his right to free speech, Judge Delahanty said: "Not
in the courtroom.
We don't take sides. . .
the courtroom is not
a political forum."
Berner removed the button under protest, and
then filed suit in federal district court against the judge.
Circuit Judge Selya wrote for a unanimous panel that the trial
court could require counsel to refrain from wearing political
buttons in the courtroom in order to preserve the neutrality and
decorum of the court.
He rejected Berner's argument that there was
content-based viewpoint discrimination going on, Berner noting that
the judge did not require lawyers to remove religious symbols, such
as crucifixes.
The _Washington Blade_ reported Oct. 3 that President Clinton has
appointed openly-gay M. John Berry to be Assistant Secretary of the
Interior for Policy, Management & Budget, a position requiring
Senate confirmation.
In addition, Clinton has appointed Karen
Tramontano to a position in the White House as deputy assistant to
the president and counsel to the office of Chief of Staff,
positions not requiring Senate confirmation.
The _Blade_ reported
Oct. 17 that Clinton has appointed gay businessman Fred Hochberg to
be deputy administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration.
Hochberg is co-chair of the board of Human Rights Campaign.
The ACLU filed suit in federal district court in Salt Lake City,
Utah, on Oct. 21 on behalf of Wendy Weaver, a public school teacher
who was threatened with discharge if she made any statements to
students, staff members or parents of students "regarding your
homosexual orientation or lifestyle."
Weaver was instructed to
respond to all questions by stating that "the subject is private
and personal and inappropriate to discuss with them."
The ACLU is
claiming a violation of Weaver's rights to freedom of speech,
privacy and equal protection.
_Weaver v. Nebo School District_.
The Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination ordered a
transit company to pay $30,000 damages to a lesbian for emotional
distress she suffered when a bus driver lectured her about her
affectionate conduct toward her girlfriend while riding the bus.
Joane Rome claimed that she was discriminated against, because a
heterosexual couple who were also "making out" in the back of the
bus were not similarly treated by the driver.
The Pioneer Valley
Transit Authority announced it would appeal this ruling to the
state courts.
_Boston Herald_, Oct. 14.
A jury in Medford, Oregon, voted to impose the death penalty on
Robert Acremant for the murder of Roxanne Ellis and Michelle
Abdill, a lesbian couple.
Acremant had abducted the two women,
seeking to force them to write him $50,000 checks on their business
accounts.
When they refused, he bound and gagged them in the back
of a pickup truck and shot them to death.
Later confessing the
murder, he said he found it easier to kill the women because he
knew they were lesbians.
_Los Angeles Times_, Oct. 29.
Franklin Township, N.J., Patrolman Gary Karwoski filed suit Oct. 27
in N.J. Superior Court in Somerville, claiming he has suffered
unlawful workplace harassment on account of his sexual orientation.
The police department maintains a non-discrimination policy that
includes sexual orientation, which is also covered by a state law.
The police chief told the local newspapers that he was unaware of
any harassment against Karwoski.
_Newark Star-Ledger_, Oct. 28.
A mediation panel in Wayne County, Michigan, has recommended that
Deborah Whyman, a Republican state representative, make an
unspecified damage payment to the Triangle Foundation, a Detroit
gay rights group, for having defamed Triangle in her campaign
literature.
Whyman's campaign flyers pointed out that her
Democratic opponent had received contributions from Triangle
members, and thus endorsed "pedophiles" and "homosexual
extremists."
Triangle has threatened to sue Whyman over her
defamatory comments; she has characterized Triangle's legal action
as "frivolous."
_Detroit News_, Oct. 29.
The _Washington Blade_ reported Oct. 10 that San Francisco
Municipal Court Judge Charlene Padovani Mitchell has sentenced a
gay man to a one-year suspended prison sentence and three years
probation as a result of an incident where the man made anti-gay
threats to another gay man.
(Is this a new twist on the proverbial
man bites dog story?)
Anyway, Scott Sprout, the victim, testified
that James Hall approached him in a public park and yelled, "I want
you out of the park, you fucking faggot.
I hate all you fucking
faggots.
You're all a bunch of child molesters.
I have a knife
and I'm going to cut you up."
The judge suspended the prison
system due to "mitigating factors," including Hall's self-hatred
and substance abuse problems.
Hall was ordered to undergo
treatment at a residential substance abuse facility.
A _Law Notes_ reader in Vermont informs us, in light of the
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court's ruling in _Adoption of
Galen_, 680 N.E.2d 70 (Mass. 1997)(probate court has discretion to
waive homestudy in second-parent adoption case), that several
probate courts in Vermont have been waiving both the home study and
the six-month waiting period normally required in adoption cases
where a same-sex co-parent is petitioning to adopt a child with
whom he or she has already been living as the domestic partner of
the child's natural/legal parent.
A federal court jury in San Francisco has awarded $415,000 in
damages to a former Oakland park ranger who claimed he was
subjected to unlawful sexual harassment by his male supervisor.
Both men claim to be heterosexual.
_Kelly v. City of Oakland_, No.
C95-969 (N.D.Cal., September 5).
According to a report about the
case in BNA's _Daily Labor Report_ No. 188 ((9/29/97), Kelly's suit
claimed violations of Title VII, 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983, and the
California Fair Employment & Housing Code's ban on sex
discrimination.
The damage award will not become final until the
court rules on post-trial motions, including Kelly's motion for
attorney fees.
Maine Attorney General Andrew Ketterer filed suit in Penobscot
County Superior Court on Oct. 28 against Casey Belanger, a
University of Maine sophomore who posted an e-mail message
threatening violence against gays and lesbians on the UM campus.
_Bangor Daily News_, Oct. 29 & 30.
Ketterer charged that Belanger
violated the state's hate crimes law, and is seeking an injunction
to prevent Belanger from continuing to post such notices and to
require the University to restrict his access to the network.
According to the complaint, Belanger posted a message this fall
stating that he "disliked fags."
Another student then posted a
message asking "Who does this kid think he is?"
This brought a
rejoinder from Belanger, directed to the other student but posted
to several bulletin boards, that he should "die, screaming [name of
student], burn in eternal [expletive] hell," and a threat that "you
better watch your [expletive] back you little [expletive], I'm
gonna shoot you in the back of the [expletive] head if I ever see
your [expletive]."
(Sorry for the deletions, folks; the _Bangor
Daily News_ is a family paper. . .).
The University has suspended
Belanger's access to the main computer network at the school, and
ordered him to serve 30 hours of community service over two
semesters.
The City Council in Lewisville, Texas, voted 4-1 on Oct. 6 to
reject a request from some citizens to remove the gay-oriented
magazine, _Out_, from the public library.
At the same time, the
Council also requested the library to create a separate periodicals
section geared toward young adults.
Some of those objecting to the
display of _Out_ in the periodicals section noted that it was
adjacent to magazines of interest to teenagers.
The Council heard
testimony that its discretion to act is limited by the First
Amendment.
_Dallas Morning News_, Oct. 6.
An ecclesiastical appeals court of the Presbyterian Church (USA)
has refused to expel an elder of the church who is gay, despite the
church's official stand against the ordination of openly gay
persons.
_Cincinnati Enquirer_, Oct. 28.
A church member had
filed a complaint about the man's ordination, indicating that the
elder had made admissions that he was gay in a small group, and
that the church directory listed him as living with another man.
A local church court ruled that his ordination should be nullified,
but a regional court disagreed, finding that the elder had not
publicly declared his sexual orientation.
A.S.L.
Federal Appeals Judge Blasts Military Policy at Lambda Legal
Defense Fund Event
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit Judge William Norris,
scheduled to retire shortly, accepted Lambda Legal Defense &
Education Fund's Liberty Award at a ceremony in Los Angeles on Oct.
16 with a speech blasting the "don't ask, don't tell" military
policy and the Supreme Court's _Bowers v. Hardwick_ decision. _Los
Angeles Times_, Oct. 17.
Norris, who authored a decision for a 3-
judge panel of the 9th Circuit finding the prior anti-gay military
policy to be unconstitutional, called on President Clinton to
"admit his mistake of judgment" and renounce the current policy,
which Norris characterized as "wrong" and "evil."
Norris also
described the policy as "highly suspect" in terms of its
constitutionality.
As to _Bowers_, Norris described the late Chief
Justice Warren Burger's concurring opinion in that case as "surely
one of the most gratuitous and vicious opinions ever written by a
federal judge," and said that both _Bowers_ and the current
military policy will someday be part of the "national cemetery of
shame," along with older decisions upholding slavery, racial
segregation, and the mass incarceration of Japanese-Americans
during World War II.
Too bad he's retiring.
Of course, after
accepting this award and making this speech, Norris would probably
have had to recuse himself from sitting on any future case
challenging the military policy or in which Lambda appeared as a
litigant. . .
A.S.L.
Insurance Victory For Same-Sex Partners in Canada
A Canadian court has awarded a spousal death benefit to a surviving
lesbian partner.
_Kane v. Ontario_, 1997 O.J. No. 3979, No. RE
6451/96 (Ontario Court of Justice (General Division), Oct. 1).
Seeking to reduce vehicle accident litigation, Ontario legislated
no-fault insurance including a $25,000 death benefit payable to a
surviving spouse.
The term "spouse" was defined as "either of a
man and a woman" who are (or believe they are) married, or have
cohabited for three years (less if they have a child).
Plaintiff
Kelly Kane sued the Attorney General for Ontario, claiming the
statute violated Section 15 of the Charter of Rights, and sued
insurer Axa for the benefit.
The Attorney General claimed the restriction favored opposite-sex
couples to provide for children.
Judge Coo disagreed, noting that
same-sex couples can have children and, besides, the three-year
cohabitation period applied only to couples without children:
"Exclusion of same-sex relationships adds nothing meaningful to the
scheme, except discrimination based on sexual orientation."
Ruling
that the restriction violated Section 15, Judge Coo wrote
forcefully: "The denial of equal benefit contained in the
legislative provisions is deliberately based only on sexual
orientation and runs against the preservation of human dignity and
self-worth for part of our society."
Axa did not object, but argued that, since it based premiums on the
statutory policy,
it should not have to pay benefits beyond those
in the statute.
Judge Coo rejected this position because it would
"sanction by rote past unconstitutional action on the part of the
legislature;" Axa could seek a premium rating in another forum.
O.R.D.
Legal Foundation Announces Second Round of Henry Internships
The Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York is accepting
applications for its second annual judicial internship, which is
awarded in memory of Hank Henry, a LeGaL member who played a key
role in placing openly lesbian and gay lawyers on the bench in New
York City.
The 10-week summer internship carries a stipend of
$3,000; the student intern is placed in the chambers of a New York
city judge as home base, and also spends times in the chambers of
other participating judges over the course of the summer.
For
details on the required contents of the application, contact the
LeGaL Foundation, 799 Broadway, Suite 340, New York NY 10003 (212-
353-9118; .
Applications are due by February
16, 1998; final selection of the intern will be announced by March
16, 1998.
European Legal Developments
European Convention on Human Rights:
On Oct. 7, the European
Commission of Human Rights in Strasbourg made public its long
awaited Report in _Sutherland v. United Kingdom_ (Application No.
25186/94).
In the Report (adopted on July 1 and available at
http://www.dhcommhr.coe.fr), the Commission states its Opinion (by
14 votes to 4) that the unequal age of consent to male-male sexual
activity in the U.K. (18 vs. the male-female or female-female age
of 16 in Great Britain and 17 in Northern Ireland) violates Article
8 (respect for private life) taken in conjunction with Article 14
(discrimination).
This is the first time that the Commission has extended the
protection of the Convention beyond blanket criminalization of all
same-sex sexual activity (held to be a violation of the Convention
in 1980), and the first time that the Commission has found
"discrimination" in a lesbian or gay case.
_Sutherland_ reverses
a line of seven or more Commission decisions upholding unequal ages
of consent that stretches from 1975 to 1995.
And it rejects the
position, often adopted by European legislatures in the past, that
even though same-sex sexual activity is legal, it must be
stigmatized and discouraged by imposing a higher age of consent.
The U.K. Government had argued (i) that "certain young men between
the ages of 16 and 18 do not have a settled sexual orientation" and
that criminal sanctions "have a deterrent effect and give the
individual time to make up his mind," and (ii) that "society is
entitled to indicate its disapproval of homosexual conduct and its
preference that children follow a heterosexual way of life."
The
Commission dismissed both justifications.
"[C]urrent medical
opinion [especially a 1994 report of the British Medical
Association] is . . . that sexual orientation is fixed in both
sexes by the age of 16 and that men 16-21 are not in need of
special protection because of the risk of their being `recruited'
into homosexuality."
Nor is expression of social disapproval a
justification for unequal treatment in the criminal law, because
"`decriminalization' does not imply approval."
A key factor was the Commission's finding that "the great majority
of Member States of the Council of Europe" now have equal ages of
consent.
Although the Commission has referred the case (brought by
Euan Sutherland when he was 17) to the European Court of Human
Rights, a settlement between Stonewall (the lesbian and gay
lobbying group backing the case) and the U.K. Government is likely
to lead within the next year to a free vote in Parliament, which is
expected to result in a large majority in favour of an equal age of
consent.
The case would then be struck out of the Court's list.
European Community Law:
On Sept. 30, Advocate General Elmer of the
European Court of Justice in Luxembourg delivered his Opinion in
_Grant v. South-West Trains Ltd._ (Case C-249/96) (see 1997 LGLN
48, 148) (for a copy of the Opinion, fax the Court's Press and
Information Division at 352-43-03-25-00).
He agreed that Lisa
Grant had suffered sex discrimination and proposed that the Court
reply to the questions referred by the English industrial tribunal
as follows:
"(1) A provision in an employer's pay regulations
under which the employee is granted a pay benefit in the form of
travel concessions for a cohabitee [domestic partner] of the
opposite gender to the employee, but refused such concessions for
a cohabitee of the same gender as the employee, constitutes
discrimination on the basis of gender, which is contrary to Article
119 of the EC Treaty.
(2) Such discrimination on the basis of
gender cannot be justified by reference to the fact that the
employer's intention is to confer benefits on heterosexual couples
as opposed to homosexual couples. (3) Article 119 of the EC Treaty
is directly applicable [can be invoked by an individual in a
national court against a public sector or private sector employer]
and it is for the national courts to ensure that the disadvantaged
group of employees is treated in the same way as the favoured
group."
In reaching these conclusions, he suggested that an employment
benefit restricted to married partners of employees would not
violate Article 119, "because it would be by reference to a family
law concept, the content of which is laid down by the Member
States."
But the rules of South-West Trains did not refer to "a
concept which in English law confers a family law status."
The
expression "common law spouse" has no legal significance in statute
law or common law in England.
He also rejected a "morality"
justification for the sex discrimination: "[t]he delimitation of
the scope of Article 119 must be kept free of conceptions of
morality which may vary from Member State to Member State and
change with time."
"[I]t is not [the Court's] task to watch over
questions of morality either in the individual Member States or in
the Community . . .
[Any choice] between various views of morality
. . . must be a task for the Community's political institutions .
. . There is nothing in . . . the EC Treaty to indicate that the .
. . the right not to be discriminated against on the basis of
gender, should not apply to . . . the approximately 35 million
citizens of the Community, depending on the method of calculation
used, who are homosexual."
The Advocate General's Opinion is not binding on the Court,
although the oft-cited statistic is that the Court follows it about
80% of the time.
The Court will probably deliver its Judgment
early in 1998.
If the Court were to agree with the Advocate
General, it would probably mean not only that public and private
sector employers in the EC who provide benefits to their employees'
unmarried opposite-sex partners would have to extend them to their
employees' unmarried same-sex partners, but also that employers
could not discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation with
regard to hiring, promotion or dismissal.
The issue in _The Queen
ex parte: Terence Perkins v. Secretary of State for Defence_, (Case
C-168/97) (see 1997 LGLN 48, 148), would then become whether the
sex discrimination against gay, lesbian and bisexual employees
dismissed by the U.K. armed forces can be justified, or whether the
armed forces have a blanket exemption from EC sex discrimination
law under Article 224 of the EC Treaty.
United Kingdom Law:
On Oct. 10, Immigration Minister Mike O'Brien
announced that the unmarried (same-sex or opposite-sex) partners of
permanent residents of the U.K. (or persons who are in a category
leading to permanent residence or have been granted asylum) will be
permitted to stay in the U.K. if:
(1) any previous marriage or
similar relationship by either partner has permanently broken down;
(2) they are legally unable to marry (other than by reason of a
consanguineous relationship or age); (3) they have been living
together in a stable relationship which has subsisted for four
years or more, and they intend to continue to do so permanently;
and (4) they can maintain and accommodate themselves adequately
without recourse to public funds.
Although the four-year
qualifying period is very strict (especially compared with the
treatment of married opposite-sex partners), and could create
problems for many binational same-sex couples, the new policy (a
"concession outside the Immigration Rules") is a big step forward.
Luxembourg Law:
The new Law of 19 July 1997 (published in
Memorial, Journal Officiel du Grand-Duche de Luxembourg, Recueil de
Legislation, A-No. 54, 7 Aug. 1997, pp. 1679-1682) adds Articles
454-457 to the Penal Code, which prohibit discrimination based on
sexual orientation (and other grounds) in relation to employment
and the provision of goods and services.
Article 457-1 also
prohibits the incitement of discrimination, hatred or violence
based on sexual orientation (and other grounds).
The Luxembourg
legislation means that the majority (8 of 15) of the member states
of the European Union now have national laws expressly prohibiting
discrimination based on sexual orientation (or a similar ground) in
relation to some aspect of employment or the provision of goods and
services: Denmark, Finland, France, Ireland, Luxembourg, the
Netherlands, Spain and Sweden.
No such legislation exists as yet
in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal and the U.K.
A Judgment of the European Court of Justice in favour of Lisa Grant
(see above) would probably require all 15 member states to
interpret their existing legislation against sex discrimination in
employment as covering sexual orientation cases, or to amend it so
that it covers such cases. R.W.
Other International Notes:
Bishops of the Lutheran Church in Denmark have unanimously approved
the performance of same-sex marriages during church ceremonies,
according to an Oct. 29 Associated Press report.
When Denmark
adopted its registered partnership law, it specifically provided
that partners would not necessarily be entitled to church
ceremonies, and the Danish clergy have been deeply divided over the
issue since 1989.
Under the new vote, separate marriage ceremonies
in church would not be available for same-sex couples, but they
could obtain a "sealing" of their marriage during a regular church
service.
We reported last month on a decision by the Israel Supreme Court
ordering the education ministry to allow the broadcast of a program
on lesbian and gay youth.
We attributed the litigation to the
Association for Civil Rights in Israel (ACRI), based on a report in
the _Jerusalem Post_.
We are informed by an ACRI attorney that the
petition in the case was jointly filed by three organizations, each
represented by counsel: K.L.A.F., the organization of the lesbian-
feminist community in Israel; the Society for the Protection of
Personal Rights, the lesbian/gay communities main civil rights
organization; and ACRI.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes:
In its newslettter for the 4th quarter of 1997, Gay & Lesbian
Attorneys of Washington (GAYLAW) noted the death of Jerry Roemer,
32, a longtime GAYLAW member and community activist, from AIDS.
Roemer, an attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice, had achieved
substantial local media attention when his reaction to protease
inhibitors so improved his health in the short term that he
terminated his disability retirement and returned to work at the
Justice Department.
However, after a few months at work his health
declined again and he died on Aug. 15.
Attorney General Janet Reno
participated in a memorial service in his honor on Sept. 13.
GAYLAW, the lesbian and gay lawyers association in the nation's
capital, will present its 5th Annual Awards on Dec. 5 at its annual
holiday party.
Recipients will be: William Weld, former Governor
of Massachusetts (Distinguished National Service Award); Michael
Hicks, DC Bar Board of Governors Member (Ally for Justice Award);
Gigi Sohn, out-going GAYLAW President (Distinguished Community
Service Award).
David Schwacke, the local prosecutor in Charleston, South Carolina,
has been forced "out of the closet" by zealous employees who,
suspecting that he might be gay, went into his office after hours
and found gay-related material from the Internet on his computer
terminal, which they turned over to local Republican party leaders.
Schwacke is a conservative Republican who is now serving his second
term in the elective office.
Rumors about Schwacke's sexual
orientation got started after he divorced his wife.
The party
officials submitted the material to the state Attorney General, who
has launched an investigation into whether Schwacke was misusing
his office computer to cruise the Internet for sex or obtain
pornographic materials.
Schwacke, who then "came out" to the local
media, insisted he had done nothing wrong, and said he had
"discovered" his homosexuality after years of marriage.
At
present, Schwacke counts as the only openly-gay elected official in
South Carolina.
_N.Y. Times_, Oct. 26. A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
8th Circuit Reverses Jury Verdict in "Perceived HIV/AIDS" Lawsuit
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit reversed a jury
verdict in favor of an employee who alleged dismissal due to
perceived HIV/AIDS status.
_Roberts v. Unidynamics Corporation_,
1997 WL 610264 (Oct. 6).
In holding for the employer and the
union, the court found that the jury at the District Court level
erroneously determined that the defendants had discriminated
against the employee, Roberts, due to perceived HIV/AIDS status,
and that the District Court should have ruled in favor of the
defendants on their motions for judgment notwithstanding the
verdict (a court ruling in favor of the losing party on the basis
that the evidence simply does not rationally support the jury's
verdict).
This suit arose out of a stormy relationship that Roberts had with
his supervisor at Unidynamics (a company doing business as Crane).
While an employee at Crane, Roberts was diagnosed with Graves
disease, "a disorder of the thyroid of unknown but probably
autoimmune etiology."
While there is no documentation that
Roberts' illness interfered with his work, his changed physical
condition had been observed by his co-workers.
A few months after
his disclosed diagnosis, Roberts began having problems with his
supervisor.
On one occasion his supervisor, Blake, reprimanded
Roberts for having written a note, on his break to a co-worker,
that Blake perceived as childish.
About a month later, Roberts and
Blake had several more run-ins over Roberts' refusal to pick up a
spool Blake had asked him to pick up.
These incidents led to Roberts' suspension for insubordination, for
which Roberts filed a grievance.
Roberts was represented at the
grievance meeting by the union, which recommended that Roberts
apologize and ask for his job back.
In spit of this, Roberts ended
up being terminated and the union declined to process Roberts'
grievance for lack of merit.
Roberts then filed a complaint with
the EEOC alleging discrimination by Crane and the union due to
handicap or perceived handicap.
The EEOC informed Roberts of his
right to sue, and he filed suit under the ADA against the union and
Crane for discrimination.
The jury at the District Court level
found in favor of Roberts and the District Court denied the
defendants' motions for judgment as a matter of law or a new trial.
On appeal the court agreed with Crane that the evidence was
insufficient to support the jury's finding that Crane regarded
Roberts as having HIV or AIDS.
It further agreed with Crane that
there was no substantial evidence that Roberts' co-workers regarded
him as having AIDS or HIV.
It went on to find that the jury's
inference that the rumors of Roberts' HIV status reached Crane's
decisionmakers was unreasonable.
Further, while Roberts asserted
that Blake had told him prior to his dismissal that he was a
liability to the company and should look for a new job, the court
found that such an assertion still failed to show that Blake knew
Roberts' HIV status.
Finally, the court noted that Roberts
submitted no sufficient evidence that Crane knew he was
HIV-positive, and even if he had, he failed to show that he was
dismissed for that reason.
As the court agreed with Crane that
Roberts was terminated only on his failure to follow orders, it
ruled that the District Court should have granted Crane's motion
for judgment as a matter of law.
In regard to the union, the Court found on virtually the same
grounds that the jury incorrectly inferred that the union
discriminated against Roberts because it perceived him to be HIV+.
It noted that Roberts simply failed to introduce sufficient
evidence that decisionmakers in the union had such knowledge, and
failing that it must reverse the District Court and rule in favor
of the union for judgment notwithstanding the verdict. P.T.
6th Circuit Reverses Verdict on Prison Mistreatment of HIV+ Inmate
The lessons of _Jefferson County v. Lindsay, Executor_, 1997 WL
6027532 (U.S.Ct.App., 6th Cir., Sept. 19), an unpublished decision,
have much to do with the fine points of how to take a judgment and
a fair bit to do with the liability of a governmental agency for
violations of civil rights by its employees.
The Appellee's decedent, Pedro Sosa, had been arrested outside a
Louisville, Ky., bar by the Jefferson County police on the
afternoon of Sept. 1, 1994, after an altercation.
At 6:30 PM,
after he had gotten into an argument with the police at the jail,
he was stripped of his pants, shoes and socks by three officers,
and placed in solitary confinement in a cell without a toilet.
(The police chief testified that homosexuals were customarily
placed in solitary confinement "for their own protection.") Sosa,
who was HIV+, had persistent diarrhea and needed to relieve himself
after some time.
He tried to alert the jailers by resorting to the
"accepted prisoner practice of repeatedly beating upon the door of
his cell."
The jailers responded, by about 9:15 PM, by shackling
him with his hands behind his back to a bench in a cell with a
toilet, but outside the reach of the toilet. Eventually, he
relieved himself in his undergarments.
At 1:30 AM, he was taken to
the showers, where he was beaten by three other officers after he
was instructed to disrobe.
After he was released on his own
recognizance the following morning, friends noticed burn marks
around his wrists and ankles, and a rash on his buttocks.
The rash
persisted for several weeks.
Sosa died some time subsequently from
complications of AIDS.
Sosa sued Jefferson County, its police department, and the seven
officers who subjected him to the strip search and beatings in
violation of his rights under the fourth, eighth, ninth and
fourteenth amendments to the U.S. Constitution in federal court.
After a jury trial, and after observation that answers to specific
jury interrogatories were inconclusive as to the issue of violation
of his eighth amendment rights, Sosa moved for a mistrial, which
was eventually granted.
At the conclusion of the second trial, the
jury voted unanimously that the director of the jail and the
officers who had first beaten Sosa were not liable for violating
Sosa's civil rights.
The remaining defendants--the county, the
department and the three officers who had beaten Sosa in the
shower--were adjudged liable for $500,000 against the county,
$500,000 against the Department, and $10,000 actual and $50,000
punitive damages against each against the three officers.
After
motions to remit damages against the county and the department were
denied, all non-prevailing defendants appealed, arguing that jury
instructions were erroneous, and that motions for judgment
notwithstanding the verdict should have been granted, inter alia,
because Sosa failed to prove that either or both defendants had a
policy that disregarded rights of homosexuals.
While the challenge to the jury instructions was denied, the court
reversed the judgments against the county and the police
department, because Sosa's evidence "did not adequately present a
direct causal link between the local government entities' purported
custom of tolerating inmate abuse and disrespect for homosexuals"
by the officers in question and the particular injuries suffered by
Sosa.
Because the appellate court could not determine if the judgments
against the officers were in their official or personal capacities,
and because counsel for neither side could clarify the issue, the
matter was remanded to the trial court for clarification.
S.K.
N.J. Appellate Division Broadens Availability of Lawsuits Based on
Pre-1985 Transfusions of HIV
To add to the myriad of cases dealing with HIV transmission through
blood transfusions, the New Jersey Appellate Division, held on July
28 that a blood bank had no duty in January 1982 to implement high
risk screening procedures to test for potentially HIV-infected
donors.
_Doe v. The Greater New York Blood Program_, 1997 WL
606495.
However, the court remanded the matter for further
discovery on whether existing screening standards in place in 1982
for other bloodborne diseases were adhered to by the Greater New
York Blood Program ("Blood Bank") and for a determination of
whether Blood Bank breached a duty owed to the plaintiff if Blood
Bank failed to abide by existing screening standards for other
blood transfusible diseases and, as a result, failed to exclude a
donor of blood tainted with HIV.
On February 2, 1982, the plaintiff, who at the time was a little
over one year old, underwent a transfusion of red blood cells that
had been collected by Blood Bank on January 25, 1982.
In August
1989, the same donor gave blood again and the screening test
revealed that the donor was HIV-positive.
Through a lookback
program, the plaintiff was notified that she may have received HIV-
tainted blood and subsequently learned that she was, in fact, HIV+.
Plaintiff's experts relied on a 1975 article entitled "On the Role
of Sexual Behavior in the Spread of Hepatitis B Infection," which
advised that due to the high risk of gonorrhea, syphilis and
hepatitis B in homosexuals, they should be advised to refrain from
blood donations.
Plaintiff's experts further relied on a report of
the Centers for Disease Control, circulated prior to January 1982,
which alerted the medical community that there were patients, all
of whom were homosexual, with severe immunosuppression that
resulted in pneumonia, and that there was an association between
the homosexual lifestyle and the disease acquired through sexual
contact.
Based on these reports, the plaintiff argued that Blood
Bank had a duty in 1982, which it breached, to screen homosexual
donors who were at high risk to transmit this "gay phenomenon."
Defendant's expert testified that little was known about AIDS in
1982 and that no blood bank in the world was excluding blood
collected from homosexual men in January 1982.
Defendant's expert
testified that it was not until December 1982 that the first case
of AIDS transmission by transfusion was reported, and based on
that, it would be wrong to impose a duty on blood banks to screen
for AIDS infection prior to that time.
Both the Appellate Division and the Superior Court agreed with
Blood Bank's expert, finding that the Blood Bank had no duty in
January 1982 to implement testing and high risk screening
procedures to exclude potentially HIV+ donors, in light of the
state of medical information known about HIV at the time.
However,
the Appellate Division agreed with the plaintiff that her complaint
encompassed more than a challenge based on a breach of a specific
duty to test for AIDS.
The court held that if the Blood Bank
failed to abide by screening standards existing in January 1982,
including screening for communicable diseases other than AIDS, as
a result of which this donated blood was not excluded, it breached
a duty to plaintiff.
"The fact that the ultimate harm which came
to plaintiff was AIDS and not the exact disease for which the
screening should have been done is of no consequence."
In other words, if there had been any medically acceptable reason
to exclude this donor's blood, based on 1982 standards, but for
Blood Bank's failure to exclude the blood plaintiff would not have
been infected with HIV.
The court remanded the matter for further
discovery, including but not limited to the actual laboratory tests
performed on the donor's blood and the results thereof.
This case
appears to broaden the ability of HIV+ individuals infected by
transfusions prior to 1985 to bring actions against blood banks for
their failure to properly adhere to then-existing standards for
blood screening.
But for the blood banks' failure to screen for
known diseases, many individuals would not have been infected with
HIV.
T.V.L.
Florida Federal Court Finds Asymptomatic HIV-Infection Covered
Under ADA
The defendant was not entitled to summary judgment on the
plaintiff's claim of disability discrimination based on his
asymptomatic HIV+ status, ruled U.S. District Judge Kovachevich, in
_Hernandez v. Prudential Ins. Co._, 1997 W.L. 619224 (M.D. Fla.,
Sept. 22).
Steve Hernandez was a customer service representative for
Prudential.
After learning he was HIV+, he informed a supervisor
of his HIV status and subsequently requested different work hours,
time off for medical appointments, less stressful assignments and
a lateral transfer.
Some of his requests were accommodated;
others not.
After a bad evaluation, Hernandez quit and later filed
suit alleging disability discrimination in violation of the
Americans With Disabilities Act and the Florida Civil Rights Act.
Prudential sought summary judgment on the ground that Hernandez had
not shown he was disabled, that he had not properly notified
supervisors of his disability and that the facts did not amount to
a constructive discharge claim.
The court denied summary judgment.
Hernandez met the ADA's definition of disability by showing that he
was HIV+, a condition which, while not a per se disability, is a
"fatal disease" from which "no one has ever recovered," and that
his HIV infection therefore substantially impaired his major life
activities.
In addition, the court reasoned, Hernandez's ability
to have children is a major life activity which is substantially
limited by his HIV infection.
Here the court is surprisingly
open-minded, rejecting the defendant's argument that the
plaintiff's homosexuality precluded him from procreation.
Plaintiff also showed a substantial limit on another major life
activity: his ability to care for himself.
The court also held that there were disputed issues of fact
concerning Hernandez's notification to Prudential of his
disability, rejecting Prudential's argument that Hernandez had not
informed the appropriate supervisors of his HIV status.
Finally,
the court declined to grant summary judgment on Hernandez's
constructive discharge claim, which alleged that the stress of the
working environment had forced Hernandez to quit.
There was
sufficient evidence for a trier of fact to find that Prudential had
willfully created working conditions so unbearable that a
reasonable person in the Plaintiff's shoes would be compelled to
resign, according to the court.
D.W.
Federal Court in NYC Holds Asymptomatic HIV Infection Covered Under
Rehabilitation Act
U.S. District Judge Leisure (S.D.N.Y.) held in _Rivera v. Heyman_,
1997 WL 620837 (Oct. 7), that an HIV+ asymptomatic person is
"disabled" under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. sec. 701
et. seq., but, in a ruling of first impression, that the
Rehabilitation Act does not cover employees of quasi-executive
governmental bodies, such as the Smithsonian Institution. In an
action brought by Amador Rivera seeking relief for employment-
related disability and ethnic discrimination under the
Rehabilitation Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, ,
the N.Y. Human Rights Law (Exec. Law, sec. 296), the N.Y.C. Human
Rights Law (Admin. Code, sec. 8-107), and for invasion of privacy
under the Federal Tort Claims Act (26 U.S.C. secs. 1346, 2671-
2680), the court granted judgment on the pleadings to the employer
defendants.
Rivera, an Assistant Chief of Security at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum
in New York, a Smithsonian facility, revealed he was HIV+ to Luis
A. Palau, Smithsonian's New York Chief of Security, and later to
Edward G. Dolan, his immediate supervisor, and requested a reduced
schedule to accommodate his condition. Up to that time, Rivera was
a highly regarded employee with favorable evaluations throughout
his career, the last of which was a "highly successful" rating, the
second highest in Smithsonian's rating hierarchy.
According to Rivera's allegation, Paula immediately changed the way
he and others treated Rivera, refusing to accommodate his work
needs, forcing him to use accrued compensatory time, waging a
campaign of harassment, monitoring Rivera's breaks, never allowing
Rivera two consecutive days off, deliberately scheduling Rivera to
work on the only days his doctor was available, appearing
incredulous when Rivera took a sick day and saying that Rivera was
taking long weekends, scrutinizing Rivera's work, singling Rivera
out for criticism, and insulting Rivera by calling him "useless."
He also uttered ethnic slurs, saying that Rivera, who wore multi-
cultural attire, was "not Puerto Rican," "thought he was a Muslim,"
and "dressed like a Palestinian."
Both Palau and Dolan refused
Rivera's many requests to transfer to another Smithsonian facility
in Manhattan, transferring him instead to a remote Bronx location
which required him to go outside, worsening his condition; they
precluded him from participating in training events, including one
in another state for which he had obtained medical clearance; and
they also revealed Rivera's condition to other employees. Rivera
made several complaints to Smithsonian's Office of Equal
Opportunity and Minority Affairs (OEMA), which finally led to a
transfer to a requested facility.
The applicable standard for determining whether a person is
disabled under the Rehabilitation Act is that the person has or has
a record of or is regarded as having "a physical or mental
impairment which substantially limits one or more of a person's
major life activities."
"Physical impairment" is "any
physiological disorder or condition, cosmetic disfigurement, or
anatomical loss affecting one or more of the following body
systems: neurological, musculoskeletal, special sense organs,
respiratory including speech organs, cardiovascular, reproductive,
digestive, genito-urinary, hemic and lymphatic, skin, and
endocrine." (45 C.F.R. Sec. 84.3(j)(2)(I)(A)).
"Major life
activities" are functions "such as caring for ones self, performing
manual tasks, walking, seeing, hearing, speaking, breathing,
learning, and working." (45 C.F.R. secs. 84, 3(j)(2)(ii)).
Judge Leisure held that being HIV+ is a physical impairment due to
its manifestation in the blood. In determining whether HIV limits
a major life activity, Leisure held that the statutory phrase "such
as" is illustrative rather than exhaustive, and that the
Rehabilitation Act is a remedial statute which, including
regulations thereunder, must be interpreted broadly; that an HIV+
person is substantially limited from engaging in procreation and
sexual contact activities, which Leisure held to constitute major
life activities; and that accordingly an HIV+ positive person is
disabled under the Act.
Inquiring further whether Rivera has a "currently contagious
disease or infection" and thus poses "a direct threat to the health
and safety" of others and unable to perform required work duties,
29 U.S.C. sec. 706(8)(D), Leisure held that, since HIV is
transmitted mostly through sexual contact, shared needles, and
blood transfusions, none of which are relevant to his position as
a security officer, Rivera "neither poses a threat to the health
and safety of others nor is unable to perform the functions of his
job," and that Rivera's continued employment with the Smithsonian
demonstrates he can perform required tasks.
Considering next whether Rivera's claim is covered under the Act,
Leisure found that Sec. 501 (29 U.S.C. sec. 701) is the governing
section.
Sec. 501 applies only to claims relating to a
"department, agency, and instrumentality. . . in the executive
branch."
Sec. 501 incorporates by reference Title VII, Sec. 717
(29 U.S.C. sec. 704a(a)(1)).
Sec. 717 applies only to "executive
agencies" which consist of "an Executive department, a Government
corporation, and an independent establishment" of the executive
branch (5 U.S.C. secs. 104, 105).
The reference to the executive
branch in the Rehabilitation Act is coextensive with the reference
to executive agency in Title VII.
The Smithsonian is neither an
executive department nor a government corporation (5 U.S.C. secs.
101, 103), and thus, for Rivera to prevail, the Smithsonian must be
an independent establishment within the executive branch.
Leisure found that the Smithsonian, originally endowed privately
and created by an Act of Congress, is headed by a Board of Regents
composed of the Vice President, Chief Justice, 6 members of
Congress, and 9 other citizens selected by joint Congressional
resolution and receives 75% of its funding from Congressional
appropriation, the rest from private sources.
Rivera is a federal
civil service employee. Looking at the Smithsonian's structure, in
which, of the 17 Regents, 15 are from or appointed by Congress,
Leisure ruled that the Smithsonian is not in the executive branch,
mandating dismissal of the Rehabilitation Act claim. Expressing
sympathy to Rivera's plight, Leisure pointed out that the solution
for expanding coverage of Sec. 501 lay with Congress.
Consequently, judgment was granted to the defendant on Rivera's
Rehabilitation Act claim.
Leisure also found that Rivera's Title VII claims (which do not
relate to his HIV-status) were not meritorious.
As to the state
and city causes of action, Leisure found that sec. 717 of Title VII
provides Rivera with "the exclusive judicial remedy" for claims of
non-disability discrimination in federal employment against both
the Smithsonian and the individual defendants, and similarly that
the Rehabilitation Act, sec. 504, limiting sec. 501, provides the
exclusive judicial remedy for disability-related claims.
The FTCA
invasion of privacy claim, incorporating New York Public Health
Law, sec. 2784, was based on the disclosure by the individual
defendants to third parties of Rivera's HIV status. As to that
claim, Leisure held that Rivera failed to meet the federal Notice
of Claim requirement (26 U.S.C. sec. 2675). Assuming arguendo that
the OEMA complaint constituted a Notice of Claim, though not so
denominated, Leisure found that it failed to mention any monetary
value and particularly omitted a required recitation of a sum
certain as damages, making the employer unable to properly estimate
the worth of the claim. Since no federal claims remained, Leisure
declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the remaining
state law claims against the individual defendants. A.J.L.
Federal Court Upholds Condom Distribution in Philadelphia Schools
Students at nine Philadelphia public high schools can continue
receiving condoms and safer-sex counseling from social workers at
school thanks to a recent ruling by U.S. District Court Judge
Gawthrop.
_Parents United for Better Schools, Inc. v. School
District of Philadelphia Board of Education_, 1997 WL 587389
(E.D.Pa. Sept. 12).
Judge Gawthrop granted the Board of
Education's motion for summary judgment, finding that the condom
distribution program was well within the Board's scope of
authority, and violated neither state nor federal law.
The pilot program at issue, Policy 123 on "Adolescent Sexuality,"
was adopted in 1991 by the Philadelphia School District Board of
Education to address the problems of pregnancy and sexually-
transmitted diseases among students.
The program is funded by
private and non-school district sources, including the Philadelphia
Department of Health and federal grants.
Only those students whose
parents object in writing to their child's participation in the
program are precluded from receiving condoms.
Parents United
("PUBS") challenged the propriety of the program on several
grounds, and sought to preclude schools from distributing condoms
to all high school students - even those whose parents had not
objected to the program.
In granting the Board's motion for summary judgment, the court
noted that the Board was empowered with broad express and implied
statutory authority to implement health and hygiene services and
education.
Notwithstanding this authority, parents generally have
the common-law right to consent to a minor child's medical
treatment before such treatment is administered.
The court ruled,
however, that this right does not apply to condom distribution,
since the use of condoms is preventative treatment and not medical
treatment.
In fact, Judge Gawthrop pointed out that any ruling
requiring prior parental consent for all condom distributions to
minors would go against recent Supreme Court cases striking down
such requirements in other contexts, such as abortion.
The court's ruling affirmed the right of minors to access condoms
and other health services without prior parental consent, while
simultaneously affirming a parent's right to deny his/her children
access to such services by notifying school officials in writing.
This balance recognizes the tension both between public and private
spheres of influence, and also between the liberty interests of
children and their parents. I.C.-T.
Chicago School Board Capitulates in AIDS Discrimination Suit
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund announced a settlement of its
lawsuit against the Chicago Board of Education, challenging
discrimination against teachers with HIV.
_Doe v. Board of
Education of the City of Chicago_, No. 97-C-2167 (N.D.Ill.).
The
John Doe plaintiff was required to submit to a medical exam and
provide an extensive medical history, including HIV status, when he
applied for a teaching position in the Chicago schools in 1995.
Due to his HIV+ status, he was not interviewed, despite having a
general teaching certificate, two advanced degrees, and teaching
experience.
The federal suit, which alleged violations of the Americans With
Disabilities Act, the Rehabilitation Act, and federal
constitutional rights, was brought jointly by Lambda's Midwestern
Regional Office, where Heather C. Sawyer is the AIDS Project Staff
Attorney, and Chicago attorney Cynthia H. Hyndman, a Lambda board
member, acting as a co-operating attorney on this case.
Under the
settlement, Doe will be considered for a teaching position without
regard to his HIV status.
In addition, the Board of Education has
agreed that it will not screen applicants for HIV, will cease all
unnecessary medical screening of applicants, and will change its
procedures for maintaining medical records to ensure
confidentiality.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes:
Responding to the ongoing debate about reporting of HIV status to
public health officials, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention has recommended that all states require reporting of HIV
test results.
However, the CDC has not yet called for name-
reporting, although that appears like the next step on its agenda.
Also responding to the ongoing debate, the American Civil Liberties
Union issued a report in October titled "HIV Surveillance and Name
Reporting: A Public Health Case for Protecting Civil Liberties."
(Copies of the report are available from the ACLU's website
; copies can be purchased for $1 by calling the ACLU
at 1-800-775-ACLU.)
The report provides a systematic argument
against the efficacy of name-reporting, advocates the use of
"unique identifiers" to collect HIV-related data without
compromising the privacy of individuals, and provides appendices
with responses to common arguments for name reporting, a state-by-
state list of name reporting systems, and an annotated bibliography
of studies on anonymous and confidential HIV testing.
The U.K.'s Public Health Laboratory Service reports that the number
of diagnoses of AIDS in the United Kingdom fell by 30 percent over
the past year, and the number of AIDS-related deaths fell by 35
percent.
Officials attributed the drop to better treatments for
HIV+ individuals, who have kept those individuals from progressing
to full-blown AIDS.
As a further sequel to the litigation of _Sullivan v. Delta Air
Lines_, 1997 WL 663630 (Cal.App. Oct. 27), where the California
Supreme Court has recently reversed an appellate ruling that
emotional distress damages associated with employment
discrimination against a person with AIDS could not be awarded
after the death of the plaintiff, the court of appeal issued a new
ruling granting judgment for the defendant on several other claims,
not directly related to the HIV claims.
Of most significance in
this decision, as to which only portions were authorized for
publication, is the court's ruling that a violation of a state law
requiring employers to accommodate employees who need to enroll in
alcohol or drug rehabilitation programs did not provide the basis
for a tort action of discharge in violation of public policy, the
court concluding that public policy claims could only be based on
state laws that were enacted to vindicate a public interest, and
that the instant law did not fall within that class.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Altman, _Should Child Custody Rules Be Fair?_, 35 U. Louisville J.
Fam. L. 325 (1996-97).
Buchanan, G. Sidney, _Sexual Orientation Classifications and the
Ravages of Bowers v. Hardwick_, 43 Wayne L. Rev. 11 (Fall 1996).
Clapham, Maria M., and Delaney J. Kirk, _Defining "Sex" in Same-Sex
Sexual Harassment: The Opinions of the Federal Courts_, 48 Lab. L.
J. 535 (Sept. 1997)(reporting on survey of all published federal
court same-sex harassment opinions since 1993; concluding that
overwhelming trend is toward recognizing cause of action under
Title VII for same-sex harassment).
Eskridge, William N., Jr., _Challenging the apartheid of the
Closet: Establishing Conditions for Lesbian and Gay Intimacy,
_Nomos_, and Citizenship, 1961-1981_, 25 Hofstra L. Rev. 817
(Spring 1997).
Eskridge, William N., Jr., _Privacy Jurisprudence and the apartheid
of the Closet, 1946-1961_, 24 Fla. St. U. L. Rev. 703 (Summer
1997).
Freshman, Clark, _Privatizing Same-Sex "Marriage" Through
Alternative Dispute Resolution: Community-Enhancing Versus
Community-Enabling Mediation_, 44 UCLA L. Rev. 1687 (Aug. 1997).
Hare, Ivan, _Legislating Against Hate -- The Legal Response to Bias
Crimes_, 17 Oxford J. Leg. Stud. 415 (Autumn 1997).
Harlow, Holly J., _Paternalism Without Paternity: Discrimination
Against Single Women Seeking Artificial Insemination by Donor_, 6
S. Cal. Rev. L. & Women's Studies 173 (Fall 1996).
Preston, Cheryl B., _Consuming Sexism: Pornography Suppression in
the Larger Context of Commercial Images_, 31 Ga. L. Rev. 771
(Spring 1997).
Roth, Marianne, _The Norwegian Act on Registered Partnership for
Homosexual Couples_, 35 U. Louisville J. Fam. L. 467 (1996-97).
Tucker, Kathryn L., _Surrogate End of Life Decisionmaking: The
Importance of Providing Procedural Due Process, A Case Review_, 72
Wash. L. Rev. 859 (July 1997).
Wintemute, Robert, _A "fundamental right to be gay" in the USA? Not
yet_, 1997 Pub. L. (U.K.) 420 (Autumn).
Wolfson, Evan, & Michael Melcher, _DOMA's House Divided: An
Argument Against the Defense of Marriage Act_, 44 Fed. Lawyer No.
8, 30 (Sept. 1997).
_Book Reviews_:
Hills, Roderick M., Jr., Review of Koppelman, _Antidiscrimination
Law and Social Equality_, 95 Mich. L. Rev. 1588 (May 1997).
Koppelman, Andrew, Review of Wintemute, _Sexual Orientation and
Human Rights: The United States Constitution, the European
Convention, and the Canadian Charter_, 95 Mich. L. Rev. 1636 (May
1997).
Posner, Richard A., Review of Eskridge, _The Case for Same-Sex
Marriage: From Sexual Library to Civilized Commitment_, 95 Mich. L.
Rev. 1578 (May 1997)
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Casenote, Romer v. Evans_, 116 S.Ct. 1620 (1996)_, 7 Seton Hall
Const. L. J. 987 (Summer 1997).
Comment, _Megan's Law: Protecting the Vulnerable or
Unconstitutionally Punishing Sex Offenders?_, 7 Seton Hall Const.
L.J. 913 (Summer 1997).
Flynn, Katherine H., _Same-Sex Sexual Harassment: Sex, Gender, and
the Definition of Sexual Harassment Under Title VII_, 13 Ga. St. U.
L. Rev. 1099 (July 1997).
Note, _The "Undifferentiating Libido": A Need for Federal
Legislation to Prohibit Sexual Harassments by a Bisexual Sexual
Harasser_, 14 Hofstra Lab. L. J. 601 (Spring 1997).
Sanpietro, Daniel C., _"Gradually Triumphing Over Ignorance": Rhode
Island's Treatment of Sexual Orientation Discrimination in the
Workplace_, 30 Suffolk U. L. Rev. 439 (1997).
_Symposia:_
_Physician-Assisted Suicide_, 19 Western New Eng. L. Rev. No. 2
(1997). * * * _Intellectual Freedom and Hate Speech_, 10 Academic
Questions No. 3 (Summer 1997).
_Specially Noted:_
In its Nov. 1997 issue, _Out_ magazine publishes an article by Liz
Galst titled "Fair Game?" (pages 86-90, 150-152), providing a
detailed look at the problem of discrimination against lesbian
athletic coaches in higher education, with a particular focus on
Ohio State University, where several coaches (all of whose teams
had winning records unprecedented in the recent history of OSU)
have alleged sex and sexual orientation discrimination as a result
of their recent discharges.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Madison, Melinda, _Tragic Life or Tragic Death: Mandatory Testing
of Newborns for HIV -- Mothers' Rights Versus Children's Health_,
18 J. Legal Med. 361 (Sept. 1997).
EDITOR'S NOTE
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All comments in
Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be
published subject to editing. Please address correspondence to the
Editor or send by e-mail. A.S.L.