http://www.lemerygreisler.com/disclaimer-privacy-policy
the firm
About us
News
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
Women's Roundtable
Community Engagement
Practice Areas
Attorneys
Case Studies
Geographic Reach
Contact
Disclaimer / Privacy Policy
Disclaimer / Privacy PolicyLEGAL NOTICEThis Website and the information presented on it are provided by Lemery Greisler LLC for informational purposes only and do not constitute legal advice.  Accessing the information contained on the Website and/or contacting any attorney listed on the Website by e-mail or other means does not form or constitute an attorney-client relationship between you and us.Anyone receiving any part of the information on this Website should not act upon the information without seeking professional legal counsel.   The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements.  Before you hire an attorney, you should request detailed information about that attorney or firm's qualifications and experience, and discuss the facts and circumstances of the matter with him or her.  The following is required by certain jurisdictions in which some of our attorneys are licensed to practice:  THIS IS AN ADVERTISEMENT.AREAS OF PRACTICE AND CASE STUDIESLemery Greisler LLC lists and describes certain "Practice Areas" and “Case Studies” solely for the purpose of informing you of those fields of law where we have experience and where we focus our practice. These matters are presented solely for the purpose of informing you of our experience in a certain field of law.  They should not be considered as an indication or prediction of results in any other seemingly similar or dissimilar matter, since each case has its own unique facts and applicable law.LIMITATIONS ON PRACTICEOur attorneys are licensed to practice only in those state and federal courts listed on each attorney's separate biographical page. While some portions of this Website may indicate that we have represented our clients on certain matters in states where none of our attorneys are admitted to practice, this should not be taken to mean that we regularly practice in such states, and in fact we do not.  Our appearance in those matters was with the specific permission of the court, and in most instances required that we engage local counsel.Lemery Greisler LLC does not intend to regularly practice law in any court in which none of our attorneys is licensed to practice; please do not contact us regarding a legal matter in any court unless at least one of our attorneys is licensed to practice in that court.E-MAIL AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS TO OUR OFFICEThis Website permits you to transmit an e-mail message to our law firm.  You are reminded that sending an e-mail message through this Website, mailing or faxing us a letter, leaving a voice mail message, or even discussing a legal matter with one of our attorneys does NOT create an attorney-client relationship between you and our firm.  This means that we have not yet agreed to represent you in any legal matters.  An attorney-client relationship will not exist until we have reviewed the matter directly with you, performed a conflict-of-interest check, agreed to handle the matter, and agreed upon the terms of retention, with a written and signed retention agreement.  Be aware that it is possible that our firm already represents a person, company, or governmental unit on the other side of your legal issue that the attorney with which you are communicating is not aware of prior to a firm-wide conflict check being performed.  Consequently, you should NOT transmit information to us that you wish to be kept confidential until an attorney-client relationship has been established.  E-mail or other communication to our office should contain only a question as to whether we handle a particular type of case, and should not contain any of the facts of your particular case or any documents until you are specifically requested to do so by one of our attorneys.Please be advised that any e-mail message, telephone message, or mailed or faxed communication may go unread due to a variety of reasons.  Since deadlines are critical in most legal matters, you should never assume that any matter described in any e-mail message, telephone message or other communication to our office will be handled by us before we have agreed to act as your attorney.  Therefore, if we do not immediately respond and agree to act as your attorney, you must immediately secure another attorney to represent you.Whether you are a client of the firm or not, this firm will never send you an e-mail requesting such sensitive information as social security or bank account numbers, or purporting to direct you to an area of our Website so that you may supply this information electronically.  Do not respond to such e-mail requests.  Any legitimate requests for this information will be communicated to you by other means.PRIVACYLemery Greisler LLC is dedicated to protecting your privacy in using this Website.  We collect information on the pages accessed on this site.  This information is compiled to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, and other statistics.  Lemery Greisler LLC uses this information to improve the content of the site.  We do not currently use cookies on this site but may elect to do so in the future.  Lemery Greisler LLC does not share information collected from our website with other organizations.DESIGNATED OFFICE AND CONTACTAs required by some of the jurisdictions in which we are licensed to practice, the principal office of Lemery Greisler LLC is at 60 Railroad Place, Suite 502, Saratoga Springs, New York 12866.  The designated attorney responsible for the contents of this Website is James A. Carminucci, Esq. c/o Lemery Greisler LLC, 60 Railroad Place, Suite 502, Saratoga Springs, New York 12866.