https://www.liveabout.com/is-there-a-difference-in-the-terms-queer-and-gay-lesbian-2171388
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Love and Romance
LGBTQ
Relationships
Sexuality
Divorce
Teens
Friendship
By
Kathy Belge
Syracuse University
Kathy Belge is a writer and coauthor of Lipstick & Dipstick’s Essential Guide to Lesbian Relationships and Queer: The Ultimate LGBT Guide for Teens.
our editorial process
Facebook
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
LinkedIn
LinkedIn
Kathy Belge
Updated February 15, 2017
Question: Is there a difference in the terms "queer" and "gay/lesbian"?
Vanessa wrote in with this question. "I was wondering if there is a difference in the terms "queer" vs. gay/lesbian?"
Answer: The word queer to many is an insult that was said in a hurtful way to gays, lesbians and anyone who was different. Today, many people have reclaimed the word "queer" to be an all-encompassing term for gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and genderqueer. While gaining popularity, some still find the word "queer" to be offensive. To be on the safe side, unless you know your audience and know that the word will not offend them, use gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender or LGBT for short. For any formal writing or presentations, it is appropriate to spell out lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender in the first usage and shorten it to LGBT thereafter.
A Brief History of the Stonewall Riots and the Gay Rights Movement
Lesbian, Gay, Bi or Trans Grandchildren
What Does it Mean to be Genderqueer?
Should I Call Myself Transgender or Something Else?
What All Bisexual Teens Need to Know
Defining Bi-Curiosity and More About the Sexuality Spectrum
If I Know I'm Bisexual, is it Okay Not to Come Out?
What Do Married Lesbians Call Each Other?
Is Diana Taurasi a Lesbian?
Can You Really Let Your Daddy Issues Go?
The Best Dating Sites for Gay Men
10 Tips to Better Gay Online Dating
Homophobia in Music
Irish Names for Grandmother (Formal and Informal)
11 Facebook No-Nos for Grandparents
9 Ways to Raise Street Smart Kids