http://www.cityonahillmilwaukee.org/privacy_protection.php
PRIVACY PROTECTION
Privacy Protection
Privacy Policy
This document explains City on a Hill policies for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.
The Information We Collect
City on a Hill collects information by various methods including information actively provided by its lead providers, its customers, and information arising from customer surveys and general feedback.
The types of personal information we collect include name, contact information, identification information and credit information. Credit card information is used for billing purposes only. We may record calls to or from our sales/customer service representatives for purposes of accuracy, performance reviews, training, and general quality assurance.
How We Use This Information
This information is used to aid in the provision of our various products and services, including customer service, accounting, billing, collections, and the marketing of other products services. City on a Hill may use aggregate or anonymous information for various uses for itself and third parties.
City on a Hill does not share personal information with any third parties except as disclosed in this policy. City on a Hill may provide personal information to City on a Hill subcontractors and professional advisers (which shall be bound by privacy obligations) to assist City on a Hill uses disclosed herein.
Security
Personal information is stored in a combination of paper and electronic files. They are protected by security measures appropriate to the nature of the information.
Accessing Information
Individuals may review their personal information contained in City on a Hill files by contacting the City on a Hill privacy officer. If an individual believes that any of their personal information is inaccurate, we will make appropriate corrections.
Cookies
Cookies are used by City on a Hill for the convenience of our users. Cookies automatically authenticate the user. A user can access the City on a Hill Web site with the cookie feature turned off; however, in doing so they may find themselves challenged for username and password information on multiple occasions. City on a Hill also uses cookies to track user's visits and uses that information to improve the user's experience.
Links
The City on a Hill Web site may contain links to information at other Web sites. When you click on one of these links, you are moving to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
General
City on a Hill may amend this policy from time to time. If such amendments affect how City on a Hill uses or discloses personal information already held by City on a Hill in a material way, City on a Hill will obtain consent.
Notwithstanding the general terms of this policy, the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information may be made outside of the terms herein to the extent provided for in any applicable privacy or other legislation in effect from time to time.
City on a Hill may disclose personal information to another entity purchasing (including for diligence purposes prior to purchase) the assets of City on a Hill, provided that entity abides by this or a similar privacy policy.
Influence
Change
The opportunity to transform lives in Milwaukee is tremendous!
Make a Donation
Go on a
Mission Trip
Click for Info
Build Your
Compassion
Training Events