http://www.theatermu.org/privacy-policy
BUY TICKETS
DONATE
MY ACCOUNT
REPORT DISCRIMINATION
SEASON
SUPPORT
DISCOVER
ABOUT
CONTACT
Back
2020/21 Season
For Subscribers
Virtual Events
Box Office
Back
Ways to Donate
Mu Champions
For Corporations
Donor Impact
Back
Education
Bring Mu To You
Community Partners
In the News
Back
Mission
People
Production History
FAQs
Back
General Inquiries
For Artists
Work with Mu
For Press
PRIVACY POLICY Theater Mu (“Theater Mu") is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Theater Mu website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Theater Mu website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONTheater Mu collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, address or telephone number. Theater Mu also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Theater Mu. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Theater Mu for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Theater Mu website.Theater Mu encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Theater Mu so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Theater Mu is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Theater Mu and Theater Mu family of websites.USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONTheater Mu collects and uses your personal information to operate the Theater Mu website and deliver the services you have requested. Theater Mu also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Theater Mu and its affiliates. Theater Mu may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Theater Mu does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Theater Mu may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (email, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Theater Mu may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Theater Mu, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Theater Mu does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.Theater Mu keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Theater Mu, in order to determine what Theater Mu services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Theater Mu to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Theater Mu websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Theater Mu or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Theater Mu; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Theater Mu, or the public.USE OF COOKIESTheater Mu website uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Theater Mu services or websites you visit.SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONTheater Mu secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Theater Mu secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENTTheater Mu will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Theater Mu encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Theater Mu is protecting your information.CONTACT INFORMATIONTheater Mu welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Theater Mu has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Theater Mu at info@theatermu.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. MORE TO DISCOVER
BOX OFFICE
For questions about tickets, pricing, seating, and venues.
LEARN MORE
GIVE A GIFT
Donate today and support the theater you love
LEARN MORE
THEORY OF CHANGE
Success means more than selling out shows. View our positive impact.
LEARN MORE