https://www.sekem.com/en/contact/legal/
Skip to content
Legal
Contact | Visit SEKEM | Join SEKEM | Legal | Privacy
Legal Notice
1. Copyrights
Copyright 2017 SEKEM. All Rights Reserved. The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on SEKEM Internet sites are all subject to Copyright and other intellectual property protection. These objects may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted to other sites. Some SEKEM Internet sites may also contain material that is subject to the copyright rights of their providers.
2. Product Variations
Some of the product information, illustrations and images contained on this Internet site may have been prepared for generic use on SEKEM Internet sites maintained in different countries around the world. Consequently, some of the information and/or products which are not available in some countries or which, in order to satisfy local market demand or regulatory controls in such countries, may only be available in different specifications or configurations.
If you are interested in any specific product or service on the Internet site and are unsure of its availability or specification in your locality, you should contact SEKEM.
3. Prices
All prices specified are recommended retail prices. Prices are current at the time of publication and subject to change without notice.
4. Trademarks
Unless otherwise indicated, all marks displayed on SEKEM Internet sites are subject to the trademark rights of SEKEM, this applies especially to its product name, design and its corporate logos and emblems.
5. No Licenses
SEKEM has thought to achieve an innovative and informative Internet site. We hope that you will be as enthusiastic as we are about this creative effort. However, you also need to understand that SEKEM must protect their Intellectual Property, including their trademarks and copyrights. Accordingly, you are hereby on notice that neither this Internet site, nor any material contained therein shall in any way grant or be taken to grant any person a license to SEKEMs Intellectual Property.
6. Cautions Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Internet pages, investor relations releases, annual and interim reports, outlooks, presentations, audio and video files of events (live or recorded) and other documents on this website contain among other things forward-looking statements that reflect management’s current views with respect to future events. The words „anticipate,“ „assume,“ „believe,“ „estimate,“ „expect,“ „intend,“ „may,“ „plan,“ „project“ and „should“ and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: an economic downturn in Europe or North America; changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and in raw material prices; introduction of competing products; increased sales incentives; the successful implementation of the new business model. If any of these or other risks and uncertainties occur, or if the assumptions underlying any of these statements prove incorrect, then actual results may be materially different from those expressed or implied by such statements. We do not intend or assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date on which it is made.
7. No Warranties or Representations
The information on this Internet site is provided by SEKEM “as is” and to the extent permitted by law, is provided without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, or non infringement. While the information provided is believed to be accurate, it may include errors or inaccuracies. This Internet site contains links to external sites, which are not under the control of SEKEM. Therefore we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site. SEKEM is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SEKEM of the linked site.
SEKEM, Egypt
© 2017 SEKEM, Contact
Read SEKEM News
Read moreRead moreRead more
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Our Privacy NoticePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Close Window
Download our SEKEM News App
Our iOS and Android App serves you with great content and a awesome user experience!
Thanks, I prefer the slower mobile site
DOWNLOAD