https://www.warwidows.org.uk/cookies-policy/
Skip to content
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
a. Why we use Cookies
Like most websites, The War Widows’ Association uses cookies in association with Google Analytics to improve our website. You may delete and block all cookies from this site.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic. Cookies are used to recognise your computer/device when you visit the website, to analyse website usage and to analyse use of social media share icons on the website. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use both session and persistent cookies to help us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our Websites in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us
b. The Cookies we Use
1st Party Cookies
(1) comment_author_ – Expires: 350 days. Used when you make a comment on our blog.(2) comment_author_email_ – Expires: 350 days. Used when you make a comment on our blog
3rd Party Cookies we Use
(3) __atuvc – Expires: 2 years (AddThis Sharing Tool – a social bookmarking tool)(4) __utma – Expires: 2 years (Google Analytics)(5) __utmb – Expires: 1 day (Google Analytics)(6) __utmc – Expires: At end of Browser session. (Google Analytics)(7) __utmz – Expires: 6 months (Google Analytics)
Our cookies aren’t used to identify you personally. They collect anonymous information on the pages visited. Indeed, you can manage and/or delete these small files as you wish through your browser settings. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit AboutCookies.org.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings