http://www.lutheranservices.org/privacypolicy
Jump to navigation
Secondary menuHome
Board members
LSA members
Disability Network
Login
Search form
Search
You are hereHome › Contact › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Security Statement Customer Service Policy
Privacy Policy Welcome
Thank you for visiting LSA. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at our site.The Information We Collect
You provide specific personal information during the event registration process on our site. The information includes: name, address, email address, telephone number, and payment. Note - credit card information is input at a payment site and not collected directly on our site; therefore, we collect no record of it. See our Security Statement regarding the security of transmitting credit card information.How We Use the Information
We use the information you provide about yourself to complete your event registration, respond to your inquiries about your registration, produce a roster of participants, and to notify you about the status of the event. We will not sell or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us to parties outside of LSA, except as follows. We may disclose personal information in response to a legal process (e.g., in response to a court order or subpoena). We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's requests. And, finally, we may disclose personal information in response to a charge-back inquiry from our merchant bank about your payment.Collection of Information by Third Party Sites
Our site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. You should consult those other sites' privacy policies, as we have no control over information that you may submit to, or have collected by, those third parties.Cookies
Our site may use cookies to enhance your experience on the site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer browsing that Web site. Many web sites use cookies for record-keeping. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse them. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them. Special Note for Parents
While we encourage children to consult with their parents before furnishing personal data, parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers. These tools may prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission.Special Note for Kids
Be sure to ask your mom or dad for permission before sending any information about yourself to us (or anyone else) over the Internet.How to Contact Us
Questions or concerns about this privacy policy may be directed to: Lutheran Services in America 100 Maryland Avenue, Suite 500 Washington, DC  20002 Tel: 202-499-5836 Email: lsa@lutheranservices.org
Security Statement
Lutheran Services in America is sensitive to your concerns regarding the security of using your credit cards to purchase products and services through the Internet. Safeguarding your privacy and confidentiality is of the utmost importance to us. Our site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypts your data while it is being transferred over the Internet. This makes it very difficult for someone to steal your credit card information. Customer Service Policy
LSA is committed to providing you excellent service. You can reach us regarding any customer service issues as follows. We will answer phone calls during regular business hours. Lutheran Services in America 100 Maryland Avenue, Suite 500 Washington, DC 20002 Tel: 202-499-5836 Email: lsa@lutheranservices.org Paying with Credit Card
We accept credit card payment for online event registrations. Please provide the "bill to" address exactly as it appears on your credit card statement. During our online real-time authorization process we will validate that the "bill to" information you provided matches the information on file with your credit card issuing company. The processing of your registration may be delayed if we cannot verify the "bill to" information or the information does not match the address information on file. Your credit card will be charged at the time of payment. We accept the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard and Discover. The merchant name that will appear on your credit card statement is: Lutheran Svcs in America.
Printer-friendly version
Send by email
Contact Us
Traveling to DC
Privacy Policy