https://www.court-reporting.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Visitor Guidelines
Browse:HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions understands the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of information obtained through our website (“Site”) and mobile application (“App”). We are committed to protecting the information shared with us, including personal information and other confidential information. This Privacy Policy addresses our handling of your personal information as well as other confidential information that may be provided to us.
We do update this Privacy Policy from time to time so please review this Privacy Policy regularly. If we materially alter our Privacy Policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting a notice on our Site or in our App. Your continued use of the Site and/or App will be deemed your agreement that your information may be used in accordance with the new policy. If you do not agree with the changes, then you should stop using the Site and/or App and you should notify us that you do not want your information used in accordance with the changes.
By using our Site and App you consent to this Privacy Policy and our collection and use of information as described below. It is your right to decide not to provide personal information to us. However, this may prevent or limit the services we can provide.
Information We Collect
Personal information is collected from individuals and entities that use our Site and App to enable them to use our services. This includes your name, address, phone number and, if payment is required for the services, we may also collect payment information, including your credit card or bank account numbers. The services we provide for you may also involve obtaining or hosting through the Site and/or Apps other confidential information about your matters and/or litigation, including information about:
You
Your clients or customers
Adverse parties
Witnesses
Other third parties involved or related to the matters or litigation
This information may also be about your and their employees, employers, agents, and others related to the matters or litigation.
Certain personal information we collect may be considered sensitive or have additional legal protections, which could include, for example, financial information or documents such as exhibits containing personal health information.
By submitting a telephone number to O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions you agree that a representative of O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions can contact you at the number you provide, potentially using automated technology (including texts/SMS messaging). Your consent is not an obligation to receive any of our services.
How We Collect Information
We receive information from the users of our service and may also receive it from the applicable courts and other third parties. We collect your personal information using different mechanisms and automatically track certain information about you. This includes the URL you are using, your browser, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. Some of our Site pages use “cookies” and/or “web beacons.” The cookies we use include your email address and user name, and are deleted when you leave our Site. The “web beacons” provide us with so-called “clickstream data” which is anonymous information on how many users are accessing our sites. See section below ‘How We Use Cookies” to learn more.
How We Use Information
We use information to provide our services and related activities, including for the following purposes:
provide our court reporting services, video services, records management, and support services
obtain payment for our services
manage your account
communicate with you
contact you regarding the services we provide
maintain our relationship with you
compliance with laws, regulations and court orders
other uses as permitted or required by law
How We Use Cookies
A “cookie” is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, this cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer. They help us and our affiliates to improve our Site. They ensure that the content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our Site.
We do not track our users across time or across websites.
We do not use flash cookies on our Site. Flash cookies are small pieces of information stored and accessed by Adobe Flash.
Disclosure of Information
We are provided personal information when we provide our services. This information is made available to the parties with permission to access the information through our system for that particular case or matter (for example, to provide access to the deposition transcript to the attorneys of record who have requested a copy). Otherwise, access to the information, including your personal information collected through our Site and/or App, is restricted to our authorized employees and agents, including those providing technical services to our company. We may also release your contact information to companies that perform surveys to obtain your opinions and feedback for us, and to provide you with information about our services. We may release personal information, including information that identifies you and other information if required to by law or legal process and as our attorneys advise. We may also disclose personal information to protect our rights or property, or in connection with a sale or transfer of our business (provided the other party agrees to keep your information confidential).
HIPAA and Protected Health Information
In performing our services, we may be required to receive, maintain, transmit, or create protected health information (PHI), as that term is defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended, and implementing regulations (“HIPAA”). For example, we may provide a transcript that contains PHI. Our workforce that handles PHI is HIPAA trained and we are committed to taking all reasonable precautions in maintaining the privacy and security of PHI, including electronic PHI.
Security and Accuracy of Information
We use reasonable security measures that are designed to help secure and maintain the accuracy of the information. However, it is possible that the information could be obtained or altered by unauthorized individuals or entities, despite the measures we employ. In providing us with information, including any personally identifiable information or sensitive information, you understand and assume the risks attendant to use of our systems and the internet, including the acts of unauthorized individuals or entities, and transmission of such information is therefore entirely at your own risk.
Third Party Website and Interaction
By accessing other third party websites through our Site or App, you are consenting to the terms and privacy policies of those websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Users Only of Legal Age of Majority
Our Site and App are designed and intended for those who have reached the age of majority (18 years of age). By using our Site or App, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age or older. We are not liable for any damages that may result from a user’s misrepresentation of age.
No one under age 13 is authorized to submit or post any information, including personally identifying information, on our Site or App. Under no circumstances may anyone under age 13 use our Site or App. Parents or legal guardians of children under 13 cannot agree to these Terms on their behalf.
Arbitration
All disputes relating to this policy shall be arbitrated using the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), with the hearing to be held in Boston, Massachusetts before a single arbitrator. This includes any disputes regarding the scope of this agreement to arbitrate. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on you and us. The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern any issue regarding whether disputes are subject to arbitration, and the scope, interpretation, applicability or enforceability of this agreement to arbitrate. This includes claims relating to whether this agreement to arbitrate is enforceable or invalid. You agree that discovery in the arbitration shall be limited to that which is necessary, in the arbitrator’s sole discretion. Each party will pay its own attorneys’ fees, arbitration costs and expenses. If you are not able to pay the fees of the AAA, you will notify us and we may, at our discretion, pay them. The arbitration shall be kept confidential by the parties, including the award. Any claim relating to this policy must be brought within one (1) year following the date the claim arose
Contact Information and Complaints
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Privacy Policy please contact us at:
O’Brien and Levine Court Reporting Solutions
68 Commercial Wharf
Boston, MA 02110
1-888-825-3376
mail@court-reporting.com
Effective Date: December 1, 2016
"The responsiveness of the O’Brien & Levine team is fabulous. For example, we had a live feed scheduled for a deposition in Palo Alto, but cancelled it at the last minute because the client had decided to attend in person. Ninety minutes before the deposition, one of our Boston-based team members needed to attend via live feed. The O&L team was able to get the client up and running in time for the call. Fabulous." — LINDA B., LEGAL ASSISTANT
"Everything was flawless. The stenographer was very professional and all went off without a hitch. Thank you again for all your help." — MAUREEN M., PARTNER, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"O’Brien & Levine has always been my first choice when selecting a court reporting service. They use the latest in technology, their reporters are dependable and they are total professionals. I can always rely on the final work product to be first class. I would recommend O’Brien & Levine to other lawyers without reservations." — JEFFREY P., PARTNER, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"I use O’Brien & Levine for everything because, frankly, they are the best – always reliable, efficient, and cutting edge. They handle all my needs, including out-of-state depositions. In addition to being the best at what they do, the people at O’Brien & Levine have a long history of supporting the Massachusetts Women’s Bar Association and other charitable community organizations." — PAMELA B., PARTNER, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"O’Brien & Levine has never once failed to provide the best quality work product and always in the timeliest of fashions. No job is too small or large for them to handle and they go out of their way to meet their client’s needs including transcription services, realtime transcript feeds, videography, synchronization of depo video with transcripts, easy access to transcripts via their web portal and the like." — CHRIS F., LITIGATION PARALEGAL, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"I am very satisfied with O’Brien & Levine and have used them consistently over the past 20 years. No matter the request or complexity of testimony, their staff and reporters come through all the time with accurate, timely transcripts. They understand what’s important in this profession—and they never fail to deliver." — DAVID H., PARTNER, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"The knowledgeable, friendly staff is courteous and extremely responsive when handling my requests. The reporters are punctual, well prepared, and thoroughly professional. O’Brien & Levine always meets my last-minute requests with transcripts that are reliable and accurate. I can depend on them to get the job done right. What more could I ask for?" — FRANK S., BOSTON LAW FIRM
"We love everything about O’Brien & Levine. If we could vote you Best of Boston, we would!" — SARAH W., LITIGATION LEGAL ASSISTANT, BOSTON LAW FIRM
"They have gracefully fulfilled every outrageous request I have ever made." — THOMAS D., BOSTON LAW FIRM
"Thank you again for your assistance in finding me a court reporter at the last minute for my deposition yesterday. She was great, and I really appreciate the excellent service." — ADAM H., BOSTON LAW FIRM
"I have really enjoyed using O'Brien & Levine for the depositions. There's such a level of convenience when setting things up, and I have confidence that I don’t have to worry about court reporting. There are lots of issues that can arise with depositions, but reporting services isn’t one of them." — JASON C.
"I wanted to thank you for the wonderful experience I had using O’Brien & Levine for my video deposition. I really appreciated the professionalism of both the videographer and court reporter. This was an out-of-state deposition for me, and it made me feel much more relaxed when I showed up and the court reporter and videographer were already set up and ready to go. They were even kind enough to give me advice on how best to get to the airport after the deposition. I would certainly recommend your services to other attorneys." — PATRICK B., METROPOLITAN DEPARTMENT OF LAW, NASHVILLE, TN
O’Brien & Levine Court Reporting Solutions
68 Commercial Wharf, Boston, MA 02110
(617) 399-0130
About O&L
Law Firm Solutions
Corporate Solutions
Court Reporting
Video
Global Reach
Resources
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use and Conditions
Copyright © 2020 O'Brien & Levine Court Reporting
WordPress Image Lightbox Plugin