https://www.psbinsights.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - PSB
HomeTeamCapabilitiesNewsContact Us
Privacy Policy
For EU and UK residents, click here for EU UK privacy policy.For California residents, click here for CCPA privacy policy.
PSB Research Internet Privacy Notice June 2020
Welcome to our site (“Site”). Penn, Schoen & Berland Associates, LLC
and WPP Brands U.K. Ltd., PSB UK  (“PSB”, “we” or “us”).
PSB knows how our clients and
visitors like you value your privacy, and we have created this privacy notice
to ensure that you understand our policies and procedures, what personally
identifiable information we process when you use the Site and, ultimately, how
we use such personally identifiable information.
This privacy notice applies only to the web site located at https://www.psbinsights.com/ and not to any other web site or service. If you do not agree with this privacy notice, then you should not use the Site.
Personally Identifiable Information
Collected by PSB
PSB may collect and store personally
identifiable information about you if you voluntarily submit such information
to PSB.  Personally identifiable
information may include your:
Name,
Email
address, Physical
addressMobile
Device ID [Such other personal
information provided by you when contacting us via the “Careers” and “Contact”
sections of this website, email, phone or otherwise. For example, when
submitting a job application to us you may submit your contact details together
with your CV (and this will include your career history and may include
sensitive personal information e.g. ethnic origin)We
may also ask for consent for additional information to complete survey research
processes
How We Use Your Personally
Identifiable Information
PSB will only use your personally
identifiable information as described in this privacy notice.
PSB may use the personally
identifiable information we collect to:
to
provide you with information that you have requested e.g. a newsletter,
bulletins.To
update you on products and services or those of our clients or other third
parties from time to time. to
respond to specific queries you may raise regarding WPP and its operating
companies.to
provide you with better ways of accessing information from this website.
Except for the parties described
below, we do not sell your personally identifiable information with third
parties. We may share your personally identifiable information with our other
group companies, companies that are affiliates of PSB, technical consultants
and other third parties to help us process your personally identifiable
information for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personally
identifiable information if we or any of our assets are the subject of a sale
or similar corporate transaction. We will ensure that the third parties who
receive your personally identifiable information are required to keep it
confidential.
We may disclose personally
identifiable information to third parties when we reasonably believe we are
required by law, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding
suspected or actual unlawful or otherwise prohibited activities, including, but
not limited to, fraud.
Cookies
We may use Cookies and similar
technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information from you and to
customize your use of the Site. A Cookie is a small data file that certain web
sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. We may also use web bugs,
clear gifs and similar technologies that collect data similar to that collected
by a Cookie. A Cookie file can contain various types of information, including
a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited.
Most browsers are initially set up to
accept Cookies; however, you can reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or
indicate when a Cookie is being sent or you can flush your browser of Cookies
from time to time. (Note: you may need to consult the help area of your browser
application for instructions.) If you choose to disable Cookies or refuse to
accept a Cookie, you may not be able to utilize all features of the Site.
For how we use your information that is collected using cookies and similar technologies please see the “Cookies” page here.
Links
Our website links to third party
sites which we do not operate or endorse. These websites may use cookies and
collect your personal information in accordance with their own privacy
policies. This privacy policy does not apply to third party websites and we are
not responsible for third party websites.
Opt-Out Procedures
You may ask us to delete any personal
information about you and cease further contact at any time by sending us a
request marked “Privacy-Urgent”, using the Contact Us page. We will use all
reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. While we are
processing your request, you may continue to receive communications from us.
Security
We are committed to taking reasonable
steps to ensure the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized
access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information,
we have put into place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help
safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, due to the
inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications
between you and us or information stored on the Site or our servers, will be
completely free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and
your use of the Site demonstrates your assumption of this risk.
Protection for Children
This web site is not intended or
designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect
personal information from or about any person under the age of 13. If you are
under 13 years old and wish to ask a question or use this site in any way which
requires you to submit your personal information, please get your parent or
guardian to do so on your behalf.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We review this privacy policy on a
regular basis to ensure that it is up-to-date with our use of your personal
information, and compliant with applicable data protection laws.
We reserve the right, at our
discretion, to revise this Privacy Notice at any time. The updated Privacy
Notice will be posted on our website. You are encouraged to review this Privacy
Notice from time to time.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact us. Our mailing address is: Privacy Officer, PSB Research, 1801 K Street, 9th Floor, NW Washington, DC 20006
Effective Date
This privacy notice was last updated on
July 1st 2020.
© PSB 2020 - Contact Us at info@psbinsights.com
Quick Access
Home
Team
Capabilities
News
Careers
Offices
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us