http://www.federalreserve.gov/website-linking-policies.htm
Skip to main content
Back to Home
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
Stay Connected
Link to Federal Reserve Facebook Page
Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page
Link to Federal Reserve YouTube Page
Link to Federal Reserve Flickr Page
Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page
Subscribe to RSS
Subscribe to Email
Recent Postings
Calendar
Publications
Site Map
A-Z index
Careers
FAQs
Videos
Contact
Search
Submit Search Button
Advanced
Toggle Dropdown Menu
Main Menu Toggle Button
Sections
Search Toggle Button
Search
Search Submit Button
Submit
Aboutthe Fed
Structure of the Federal Reserve System
Purposes & Functions
Board Members
Advisory Councils
Federal Reserve Banks
Federal Reserve Act
Currency
Board Meetings
Board Votes
Diversity & Inclusion
Careers
Do Business with the Board
Holidays Observed - K.8
Contact
Requesting Information (FOIA)
FAQs
Economic Education
Fed Financial Statements
Innovation
News& Events
Press Releases
Speeches
Testimony
Calendar
Videos
Photo Gallery
Conferences
MonetaryPolicy
Federal Open Market Committee
About the FOMC
Meeting calendars and information
Transcripts and other historical materials
FAQs
Monetary Policy Principles and Practice
Notes
Policy Implementation
Policy Normalization
Policy Tools
Reports
Monetary Policy Report
Beige Book
Quarterly Report on Federal Reserve Balance Sheet Developments
Review of Monetary Policy Strategy, Tools, and Communications
Overview
Supervision& Regulation
Institution Supervision
Community & Regional Financial Institutions
Large Financial Institutions
Foreign Banking Organizations
Financial Market Utilities
Consumer Compliance
Reports
Federal Reserve Supervision and Regulation Report
Reporting Forms
All Reporting Forms
Recent Updates
Information collections under review
Financial Statements
Applications/structure change
Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC)
Municipal & Government Securities
Supervision & Regulation Letters
By Year
By Topic
Banking Applications & Legal Developments
Application Process
Board & Reserve Bank Action
Enforcement Actions & Legal Developments
Regulatory Resources
Regulations
Manuals
Basel Regulatory Framework
Volcker Rule
Education, Training, and Assistance
Banking & Data Structure
Beneficial Ownership reports
Large Commercial Banks
U.S. Offices of Foreign Entities
Financial Holding Companies
Interstate Branching
Securities Underwriting & Dealing Subsidiaries
Minority Depository Institutions
PaymentSystems
Regulations & Statutes
Regulation CC (Availability of Funds and Collection of Checks)
Regulation II (Debit Card Interchange Fees and Routing)
Regulation HH (Financial Market Utilities)
Other Regulations and Statutes
Payment Policies
Federal Reserve's Key Policies for the Provision of Financial Services
Overnight Overdrafts
Payment System Risk
Sponsorship for Priority Telecommunication Services
Reserve Bank Payment Services & Data
Automated Clearinghouse Services
Check Services
Currency and Coin Services
Daylight Overdrafts and Fees
FedNow Service
Fedwire Funds Services
Fedwire Securities Services
Fiscal Agency Services
National Settlement Service
Financial Market Utilities & Infrastructures
Supervision & Oversight of Financial Market Infrastructures
Designated Financial Market Utilities
International Standards for Financial Market Infrastructures
Research, Committees, and Forums
Payment Research
Federal Reserve Payments Study (FRPS)
Payments System Policy Advisory Committee
Forums
EconomicResearch
Working Papers and Notes
Finance and Economics Discussion Series (FEDS)
FEDS Notes
International Finance Discussion Papers (IFDP)
Meet the Economists
Models and Tools
FRB/US Model
Estimated Dynamic Optimization (EDO) Model
Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF)
Data
Data Download Program
Bank Assets and Liabilities
Aggregate Reserves of Depository Institutions and the Monetary Base - H.3
Assets and Liabilities of Commercial Banks in the U.S. - H.8
Assets and Liabilities of U.S. Branches and Agencies of Foreign Banks
Charge-Off and Delinquency Rates on Loans and Leases at Commercial Banks
Senior Financial Officer Survey
Senior Loan Officer Opinion Survey on Bank Lending Practices
Bank Structure Data
Large Commercial Banks
Minority Depository Institutions
Structure and Share Data for the U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks
Business Finance
Commercial Paper
Finance Companies - G.20
New Security Issues, State and Local Governments
New Security Issues, U.S. Corporations
Dealer Financing Terms
Senior Credit Officer Opinion Survey on Dealer Financing Terms
Exchange Rates and International Data
Foreign Exchange Rates - H.10/G.5
International Summary Statistics
Securities Holdings and Transactions
Statistics Reported by Banks and Other Financial Firms in the United States
Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks
Financial Accounts
Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1
Household Finance
Consumer Credit - G.19
Household Debt Service and Financial Obligations Ratios
Mortgage Debt Outstanding
Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF)
Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking
Industrial Activity
Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17
Interest Rates
Selected Interest Rates - H.15
Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM)
Micro and Macro Data Collections
Money Stock and Reserve Balances
Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1
Money Stock Measures - H.6
Other
Yield Curve Models and Data
Consumers& Communities
Regulations
Community Reinvestment Act (CRA)
All Regulations
Supervision & Enforcement
CA Letters
Enforcement Actions
Independent Foreclosure Review
Community Development
Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization
Small Business and Entrepreneurship
Employment and Workforce Development
Community Development Finance
Rural Community and Economic Development
Conferences
Research & Analysis
Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking
Research Publications & Data Analysis
Community Advisory Council
Consumer Resources
Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources
Federal Reserve Community Development Resources
Home
Website & Privacy Policies
Website Linking Policies
Disclaimer
Website Linking Policies
Related Content
Privacy Program
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
We do collect some technical information. For example, when you browse, read pages, or download information on the Board's website, we automatically gather and store certain technical information about your visit. This information never identifies who you are. The information we collect and store about your visit is listed below:
The Internet protocol (IP) address of the domain from which you access the internet (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account) and IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web);
The type of browser (for example, Internet Explorer, Firefox) and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit;
The action that you perform (for example, download a document) and whether or not you were successful; and
If you linked to the Board's website from another website, the address of that website.
The Board does not use this information to track the browsing of individuals who access the site. This information is primarily collected for statistical analysis and technical improvements to the site and to make it more useful for you. This information is used as a source of anonymous statistical data and is retained for a period of five years; it is shared only when required for law enforcement purposes.
Website Measurement and Customization Technologies (e.g., cookies)
When you visit some websites, their web servers generate pieces of information known as cookies. A cookie is an entry placed in a file on your hard drive by a website that allows it to monitor your use of the website, usually without your knowledge. Some cookies collect personal information to recognize your computer in the future.
The Board's website may use cookies; however, cookies set by or on behalf of the Board do not collect personal information about you, but only your browser "session." The Board generally uses non-persistent "session" cookies. Session cookies are stored temporarily to your computer and last only as long as your web browser is open. Session cookies serve technical purposes like providing seamless navigation through the Board's website. Session cookies do not permanently record data and they are not stored on your computer's hard drive; rather, they are stored in memory and are only available during an active browser session. These cookies do not collect personal information on users, and they are erased as soon as you leave our website. Users that wish to opt-out of the use of these session cookies may do so by changing the settings in their web browser. Instructions on how to make such changes are available at http://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml
The Board's website uses a "persistent" cookie in very limited situations. A persistent cookie allows you to create and save customized reports or preference settings for future visits. Persistent cookies store information on your computer for longer periods. This type of cookie will remain on your hard drive until it reaches its expiration date or is deleted by you. The Board uses a persistent cookie in connection with the following Board webpage:
GovDelivery e-mail subscription, which maintains e-mail addresses that are voluntarily submitted by users so that they will be notified of public events organized by the Federal Reserve. The submitted e-mail address is maintained until it is deleted by the user.
Visiting Official Board Pages/Sites on Third-Party Websites
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System uses certain third-party social media sites as additional means of reaching the public and directing people to www.federalreserve.gov, which is the primary source of information for the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Board maintains an official page or presence on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Flickr and LinkedIn. Updates to these pages are generally made during official business hours.
You can access the Board's official pages on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Flickr, and LinkedIn without having an account or subscribing to services. The Board does not collect any personal information about you, such as your name, address, or online profile, when you access these websites.
As noted above, the Board's privacy policy does not apply on these third party websites and therefore you should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of the social media site you use. You may access the privacy policy of the social media sites used by the Board at:
YouTube | YouTube privacy
Facebook  | Facebook privacy
Twitter | Twitter privacy
Flickr | Flickr privacy
LinkedIn | LinkedIn privacy
Security
The Board's website is part of a Federal computer system used to accomplish Federal functions. Computer software programs as well as other surveillance methods are used to monitor network traffic on the Board's website for security purposes. By accessing this website, you are expressly consenting to these monitoring activities.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs commercial software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines.
Unauthorized attempts to defeat or circumvent security features; to use the system for other than intended purposes; to deny service to authorized users; to access, obtain, alter, damage, or destroy information; or to otherwise interfere with the system or its operation are strictly prohibited. Evidence of such acts may be disclosed to law enforcement authorities and may result in criminal prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996, as codified at Section 1030 of Title 18 of the United States Code, or other applicable criminal laws.
Links to External Websites or Other Party-Party Websites
The site also provides links to other non-federal government third-party websites as a public service. By linking to these external sites, the Board does not imply endorsement of the site's sponsor.
Before linking to an external third-party website, we consider the following criteria:
The site clearly relates to and complements existing information, products, and services on the Board's website.
The site contains relevant and useful content that will benefit our users.
The site contains accurate and timely information.
The site provides information at no cost. We do not link to sites whose primary purpose is to sell products or services, except as part of an approved agreement with the Board. (Hotel reservations for Board conferences, for example).
Disclaimer of Endorsement
For convenience and informational purposes only, the Board's website provides links to non-government websites. These sites may contain information that is copyrighted with restrictions on reuse. Permission to use copyrighted materials must be obtained from the original source and cannot be obtained from the Board.
The Board is not responsible for the content of external websites linked to or referenced from its website. The Board neither endorses the information, content, presentation, or accuracy nor makes any warranty, express or implied, regarding these external websites. Users should be aware that when they select a link on the Board's website to an external website, they are leaving the Board's site. When users select a link to an outside website, they are leaving the Board's site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the external website.
The Board does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information contained on a linked website.
The Board does not endorse the organizations sponsoring linked websites and does not endorse the views they express or the products/services they offer.
The Board is not responsible for transmissions users receive from linked websites.
The Board does not guarantee that external websites comply with Section 508 (accessibility requirements) of the Rehabilitation Act.
Prohibitions
The Board's website will not link to any website that exhibits hate, bias, or discrimination. Furthermore, the Board's website reserves the right to deny or remove any link that contains misleading information or unsubstantiated claims, or is determined to be in conflict with the website's mission or policies.
Back to Top
Last Update:
April 20, 2017