http://www.lisburncathedral.org/data-privacy-notice
Welcome to our website and to our church!
As you're new here, why not read Sam's Welcome for an intro to Lisburn Cathedral?
If you want to come in and experience our beautiful historic building from Tuesday to Saturday, visit the Cathedral Coffee Room.
Click Sunday Services if you want to find out about coming to worship and Visiting Lisburn Cathedral if you want info on parking etc.
If you want to get involved during the week, click What's On to see our calendar of events.
If you want to get in contact with us, please do email us - we'd love to connect with you. You can find out who's who on the staff page.
For inspiration (we hope), you can download podcasts or you can read our blog — we hope you enjoy!
Happy browsing!
About Us
Welcome
Our Vision
Select Vestry
Links we Like
Staff
History
Safeguarding Trust
Blog
Data Privacy Notice
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Latest News
Kidzone - Exploring Christmas Together
This Advent as we are apart we thought it would be great to journey to Christmas together.
Dial in to Sunday Service
We're delighted to have a phone connection available for our Sunday morning service.  This means
Giving to Lisburn Cathedral
It is really encouraging that members of our church family have asked how best to support us
Live Service 26th April
Apologies that we have had some problems with our service stream  this morning
Kidzone Sunday online
As we are unable to meet in person at Kidzone Sunday, we have an online classroom that we would
Important Information
SERVICES CANCELLED
Bishop-designate George Davidson contacted clergy on Tuesday to say that Sunday
Coronavirus updates
As you will appreciate, we may have to make changes to planned meetings and events in response to
Lent: Early Morning Prayer
Join us every Friday morning during Lent to pray.  We'll meet in the Coffee Room at 7.30am.
Ash Wednesday Service
Everyone is welcome to our Ash Wednesday Service on 26th February at 7.30pm in the Cathedral.
Honesty Cafe open weekly Tues-Thurs in 2020!
The Honesty Cafe team will be serving cold drinks, teas, filter coffee, and a range of delicious
Christmas at the Cathedral
Details of our Christmas Services
The Big Quiz Night (Tearfund)
Wow! You raised £1,139.30
Thank you to everyone who came for such generosity.  And thank you to
Prayer Course
EVENING OF PRAYER - Sunday 29 September at 6.30pm, this is for everyone, so please join us!!
Kidzone Sunday is back!
Kidzone Sunday will return this Sunday 8th September during the 11am service. For ages from Nursery
Church Picnic Sunday 25th August
Please join us after the 11am service on 25 August for lunch, games and plenty of chat!
Holiday Bible Club 2019
5th - 9th August 10am-12:30pm is our Holiday Bible Club at Lisburn Cathedral this year!
Youth Worker job - (readvertised)
We're looking for a Youth Worker. If you think you are the person for the role please get in touch.
Summer Sundays
Our evening services have finished for the summer - joint Epilogue services will start on 7th July.
Kidzone Sunday takes over church!
This Sunday at 11am  is Children's day at Lisburn Cathedral.
Family BBQ
This Friday 14th June at 7pm we will be having our Kidzone Friday Finale by hosting a Family BBQ
We're Hiring! Youth Worker Job Opportunity!
Youth Worker Job Opportunity
1 - 3 February '19, Celebration weekend
Join us this weekend as we celebrate, remember and rejoice in God's goodness to us as a church.
Newcomers Gathering
If you have joined the cathedral family recently we would love to see you on the 20th January after
Nativity Live and Dazzle
On Saturday 9th December we dressed up in costumes and were joined by Lisburn Community choir, and
Sunday 11 November - no morning services in the Cathedral - read on..
Important announcement: Due to the Civic Commemorations taking place in the centre of Lisburn on 11
Alpha Course
Ever had questions about God, faith, or the meaning of life?
Kidzone Friday Returns 21st September
Kidzone Friday is a fun evening for kids in P3-Year 8 during term time. Crafts, games, tuck shop,
Our Linen Stories Exhibiton
We are pleased to host the 'Our Linen Stories' Exhibition in the Cathedral from 3-6 October.
Free
Series on Revelation
Commencing on Sunday evening 23rd September @ 6.30pm we will starting a new series entitled 'Dear
Uganda Mission Trip Video Launched!
Our youth and young adults team who travelled to Uganda during the Summer have just launched their
European Heritage Open Days
Hi everyone - we are delighted to open for the European Heritage days on 8th and 9th September.
Uganda Mission Trip Blog
Our youth and young adults team to Uganda have arrived safely, they’ll be blogging every couple of
Summer Madness information
Connor takes the Castle
Book now and save on Connor takes the Castle
Fundraising dinner in aid of Uganda team
On the 23rd of June the Youth and Young adults mission team who are travelling to Uganda this
Abaana
& CMSI Update (5)
Tuesday 17th April
We were again at the Clergy Retreat, and the Pastors were again thankful for us
Abaana & CMSI Update (4)
Wednesday 11th April
Abaana & CMSI Update (3)
Wednesday 11th April
Abaana & CMSI Update (2)
Abaana & CMSI Update (2)
Tuesday 10th AprilToday we felt the rain down in Africa.
First Update from the Yei team
Abaana & CMSI Team Update!
Lisburn Cathedral Team set to travel to support friends in Yei
On Friday April 6 a team from Lisburn Cathedral will travel to Arua, Uganda, close to the border
Big Story World returns!
A FREE FAMILY EVENT IS COMING TO LISBURN THIS EASTER!
Rector behind bars...
Hi All, I am currently in incarcerated in Crumlin Road Gaol. Freedom comes at a cost! I have to
Sam Wright - behind bars!!
The Very Rev Sam Wright, Dean of Connor, is set to serve a term in Crumlin Road Gaol come March.
Sponsored Walk - postponed
The Sponsored Walk due to take place this Saturday (3rd March) has been postponed because of the
Kingdom Campaign
Stories from the Kingdom Campaign which launched on February 4th
Coffee Room Manager
Natalie Bond, joined the Cathedral Staff as coffee room manager in December 2017.
CIEF Event with guest speaker: Amy Orr-Ewing
Amy Orr-Ewing will be our special guest speaker for the CIEF CELEBRATION 2018 EVENT, being held in
Mission trip to Uganda- Summer 2018
With preparation well underway for our youth and young adults mission trip to Uganda during Summer
Christmas Services info..
Just a reminder to all about our services over the Christmas period.
God bless and have a very
Confirmation & Baptism Service held in the Cathedral
A Confirmation and Baptism Service was held in the Cathedral on the 3rd Of December 2017.
Cracking Christmas Party at Lisburn Cathedral
Join us at Lisburn Cathedral on Saturday 9th December from 11am-1pm for our Cracking Christmas
We're Hiring! Coffee Room Manager Post
*This post has now closed*
Kerygma Choir 'Celebration Praise'
We are excited to host the outstanding 'Kerygma' & 'Junior Kerygma' choirs - on Saturday 18th
Lisburn Cathedral Light Party
Join us at Lisburn Cathedral on Friday 20th October from 7pm-8:30pm for our LIGHT PARTY!
Love for Life helps to see The Better Story
Love for Life is running a series of seminars aimed at helping people to understand, appreciat
New Home Group - 11d Magheralave Road Lisburn
– Transformed Life: Ephesians 1-3. Cathedral Rectory, 11d Magheralave Road, Lisburn, BT28 3BE 8pm
Connor Big Sing
The Dean and Chapter at Lisburn Cathedral would like to invite those interested in learning more
Epic Explorers comes to Lisburn Cathedral
Our annual Holiday Bible Club is fast approaching, join us at Lisburn Cathedral from Monday 24th
Big Story World
Lets Get Real About Easter
Check out our amazing Kidzone movie on the story of Palm Sunday and Easter right here
New Life Choir Report
Lisburn Community Choir
Well it has been another busy year.
CAP Money Course at Lisburn Cathedral
January is a great time to take a fresh look at your finances and make a plan for the year ahead.
Live Music every Tuesday - Cathedral Coffee Room
Every Tuesday - in the Cathedral Coffee room.
Festive Fun at Cracking Christmas Party
On Saturday 17th December Lisburn Cathedral was transformed into a winter wonderland for our first
the 'Cracking Christmas Party!'
We have a 'CRACKING CHRISTMAS PARTY' lined up for Saturday 17 December - 12.30pm to 2.30pm in the
Lates from Burkina Faso team..8th December
Burkina Update Thursday 8th December
After a difficult number days we thank God we got our 3rd
latest from Burkina Faso team.. Tuesday 6th December
Team update: Tuesday 6th December We are still in Bombella trying to get a well. We had hoped to
Latest from the Burkino Faso team - please pray for success!
Latest update from Burkino Faso..(4 December)
latest update from Burkino Faso.. (30th November)
Today was a huge success.
We had to change drilling location in Tiekuy due to a muddy hole.
Update from Friends in Action team - Tim, Denis & Keith
Three Lisburn Cathedral parishioners Denis Fullerton, Keith Forsythe and Tim Flanagan flew to
Rhythm at Ripple
Ripple Kids Big Adventure 2016
Hillhall Outreach & Community Harvest update
The Hillhall Outreach Team are looking forward to one of our highlights of the year - the Community
SOUTH SUDAN: Situation continues to deteriorate in Yei town..
God's True Promises - F@7 Sundays
We're kicking off an exciting new series on Sunday nights - looking at, thinking about, resting in
New Sunday Morning Sermon Series
Starting on Sunday 9 October - we will be finding out what the Bible says about 'God's Grace' - don
Ripple - Kidzone Day out
Saturday 15th october sees the return of the Connor Diocese Ripple events.
Simon’s Final Sunday -“Servants and Stewards”
Simon’s Final Sunday -“Servants and Stewards”
Divine Healing Ministries Day of Prayer
A special event at St.Anne's Cathedral to find God's peace
Kids Holiday Bible Club (Kidzone Olympics)
Calling all kids (P1 - P7 ages), Our Holiday Bible club starts on Monday 25th July 10am
Update from the Colliers
June 2016 prayer letter
Nonie Scott Walking for Abaana
Read about Nonie's 192 mile walk!
Summer News Sheet
Read all about what's happening over summertime!
MEN AT WORK - LIFE IN THE FAST LANE
Launching a new gathering for men at Lisburn Cathedral
The Big Church Serve: 23rd-26th March 2016
Nearly here!
Installation of Dean of Connor and Canons
Come celebrate with Sam and others at this special service
Every Party on Valentines night
Read about how EVERYone enjoyed their night!
Update from the Collier Family
Read their latest newsletter
Launch Of ‘ReLENTless Prayer’
40 days and 40 nights start here!
Cathedral Mag Winter 2015
Check out our latest mag!
Funday Bunday Sunday
Sunday 29th Nov - great chance for community and craic for a great cause
Relentless Prayer 2016
Check out an exciting opportunity this Lent and view video promo
Mettle have a blast at ‘Reveal’
A great outing in Ballycraigy on Saturday October 3rd
Meet Jason Sime
Read about the new kids and youth worker who'll be joining our team in Sept!
Special Nights of Prayer Focus
Join us during August as we pray for some specific ministries
The Windows of Lisburn Cathedral
New brochure launched!
Epilogue Services during August
Details of our evening services
Streetreach team commissioned at St Anne’s
40 young people head to North Belfast, including 13 of ours!
Karen Webb moving on
Great news for the Diocese as Karen takes up the new post of Lead Pioneer Evangelist!
Connor Streetreach
Read about and watch the promo vid for Connor Streetreach
Whole Church Prayer Initiative
Join with Christians across the land to pray a simple prayer
You can join in with BCS
Here's a timetable of things you could get involved in during the BCS
Cathedral Refurb - a great success!
Read a recent article in 'Perspective' magazine
Big Church Serve 2015 Registration
On Sunday the 25th and Tuesday the 27th of January, we had two fantastic registration nights.
Joy to the world Video
Re-live this phenomenal event by watching video coverage
Yei Diocese Update
Bishop Hilary has written in appreciation of the link with parishes like Lisburn Cathedral in
Meet Nathan
Our new intern shares who he is and what he's excited about!
London Community Gospel Choir
Hear about a great night enjoyed by all!
Big Camp Out 2014 Video!
Check out a vid of our night in Tollymore Forest in our tents!
Mettle All-Night Readathon
27 books in 12 hours all in aid of Rise!
Friends in Action Video
Check out a great video of the work in Burkina Faso!
Parish Prayer Course
Join us on Wednesdays in August
Diocesan Pentecost Service
Lisburn Cathedral hosted the final Diocesan Pentecost Service
A Prayer for South Sudan
In Bishop Anthony Poggo's words.
Bishop of Connor’s message for Lent and Easter
Watch Bishop Alan's video message
Connor Engage Youth Event
Mettle went on tour to Ballymena at the end of March - Read more!
South Sudan Update
Some info as well as some quotes from CMSI's Jenny Smyth
Pray for South Sudan
Points for prayer at this difficult time for our brothers and sisters.
Christmas Tree Gallery!
View a wee gallery of some of the trees!
New Wine Sligo Summer Conference 2014
Loads of Cathedral people signed up - but we'd love you to join us! Read more here!
A Weekend to Remember
Read about our parish weekend!
Cathedral Wins Website Competition
lisburncathedral.org wins the Church of Ireland prize for the 2nd year running!
Scout Service
Lisburn & District Scout Council’s annual St George’s Day parade and service report!
Limited Edition Cathedral Prints
A chance to mark the Cathedral's 350th anniversary.
Bishop’s Training Day
A great day at the Cathedral attended by clergy from across Connor
St.Patrick's Night Bash
Read about a great night in the Hall!
Festival of Preaching Report
Read how we got on at the Festival on the 2nd March!
Burkina Faso Drilling Team Report
Read about how a Friends in Action team involving 2 of our parishioners got on!
Community Children’s Choir
An exciting opportunity for the children of Lisburn!
Sights and Stories from Yei Diocese!
View Sam's slideshow
Porn Scars Conference
An event aimed at anybody who cares about the effect of pornography on the rising generation.
Re–opening and Rededication Weekend!
Read about our Service on Sunday December 2.
A chance to celebrate what God has done!
Wach our promo for our Celebration on Sunday 9th December 2012!
Leading Ladies Concert
A spectacular night of music for everyone on the 3rd of December!
It's gonna be a Biggy!
Evangelism training and opportunities for the passionate non-experts!
A Night with Treble Clef!
Read about a great night of music from the 40s and 50s at Lisburn Cathedral!
Festival of Preaching Promo Vid
Check out our promo for the festival in March 2013!
Moving out to Move forward!
While essential work is being carried out, we will temporarily be worshipping in the Hall
Alpha Update
Read about how our Alpha course over in the SERC has been going!
News about Annual Easter Vestry Sunday!!
Read about a great day of worship, looking back and thinking forward!
Dawn Service at Lisburn Cathedral
Read about a great Easter Sunday morning!
Latest Sermons
Sunday 19 July ‘20. Colossians 1:24-2:5 (video)
Sunday 12 July '20. Colossians 1:15-23 (video)
Sunday 5 July '20. Colossians 1:3-14 (video)
Sunday 22 March '20. 2 Corinthians 1:3-9 (video)
Sunday 8 March '20. John 13: 46-16: 6 (video)
Lisburn Cathedral have recently commenced reviewing how we store personal data, and are working to ensure that we comply with the General Data Protection Regulations and in accordance with the guidance from the Information Commissioner’s Office. We will only retain information about you which is adequate to meet the relevant need for which it was intended. For both information received in the past, and any new information that you provide, we will review our policies on this each year. We will also ensure that data and information is removed where this is specifically requested. Information which is stored physically, for example paper records will be stored privately and securely. Information held electronically, for example on computer databases will also be held securely and only accessed by individuals who have a purpose connected with church business to access it. Lisburn Cathedral only retains information which has been provided in the past as long as it continues to be necessary. We have removed information that we believe is no longer relevant – If you have provided your details in the past for a specific purpose, and would like these removed, please let us know. Personal data will not be disclosed outside of Lisburn Cathedral without your consent. Lisburn Cathedral Select Vestry will monitor this on a yearly basis to ensure that organisations are complying. If you would like more information about the manner in which we look after personal data, please contact Tim Flanigan via the church office email address at enquiries@lisburncathedral.org or 028 92 602400.