http://www.synergos.org/content-use-privacy-policies
Skip to main content
Content Use & Privacy Policies
Content Use Policy
Copyright to material on this site is held by Synergos and other partners and providers.
Much text material on this site is released under a Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution license; we encourage reuse of this material with credit to Synergos and the authors/providers.
For questions or comments, contact John Tomlinson at jtomlinson@synergos.org.
Privacy Policy
The Synergos Institute (Synergos) is committed to safeguarding the personal information entrusted to us by our partners, donors, friends, and visitors to our website. This policy outlines the principles and practices we follow in order to protect your personal information. Please note that by accessing or using the website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy except as otherwise required by local law. Synergos reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time.
Donor Privacy
Synergos does not sell, trade, or share personal information about donors, whether that information is collected online or offline, nor do we send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. In general, visitors to our website remain anonymous, but on some pages visitors need to provide personal information to register, make donations, contact us or conduct other transactions via the website. The types of personal information collected on the website may include any or all of the following, depending on your activities on the website: name, address, email address, telephone number, website address, organization (including the organization’s name, website, phone number, and address), and other personal information actively provided to us via the website
Donations that are made to Synergos on the website are processed using a third-party payment system. Credit/debit card details will be retained by the party providing the payment services and its affiliated bank as deemed necessary by them to process the payment for your donation. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that these parties keep your personal information confidential and only use it to the extent necessary to perform their functions and not for any other purpose.
Please note that Synergos generally publishes, in print or online, the donor’s names for contributions made to the organization. If you prefer to be listed anonymously for your contribution, please indicate this in the notes/comments section of your online contribution, or contact Synergos by email at jtomlinson@synergos.org or by phone at +1-646-963-2123.
Uses of Personal Information
We use and/or disclose personal information to process and complete donations and to provide information about our organization, events, projects, initiatives or other issues of interest. We make every reasonable effort to ensure that personal information is accurate and complete. We rely on individuals to notify us if there is a change to their personal information that may affect their relationship with our organization. If you are aware of an error in our information about you, please let us know and we will correct it on request wherever possible. In some cases we may ask for a written request for correction.
We may use personal information to update you on our activities and to let you know about our organization, events, projects, initiatives, or other issues that we believe may be of interest to you except as otherwise required by local law. We make every reasonable effort to prevent any loss, misuse, disclosure or modification of personal information, as well as any unauthorized access to personal information.
We may disclose personal information in response to legal process or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, for example, in response to a court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency’s request. To the extent allowable under local law, we also reserve the right to disclose personal information to protect the security of the website, to protect ourselves and our affiliated non-profits against liability, and/or in connection with any sale, assignment, or other transfer of some or all of our operations.
International Users
Synergos seeks to collect, process, store, disclose and dispose of personal information that is submitted to us in accordance with applicable law in the United States. Please note that the personal information you submit to the website may be transferred to the United States or other locations to be processed by Synergos or other parties in order to provide the website and its services to you or for such other purposes as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you are not a resident of the United States, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and use your personal information, as discussed in this Privacy Policy, outside your resident jurisdiction.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party websites, including those listed below, may install various cookies while browsing the website:
authorize.net
constantcontact.com
donate.ly
evite.com
facebook.com
flickr.com
givezooks.com
google.com
linkedin.com
mailchimp.com
networkforgood.org
pantheon.io
prezi.com
scribd.com
slideshare.net
stripe.com
twitter.com
vimeo.com
youtube.com.
For more detail, please visit their websites.
Privacy Policy in Talent Acquisition
Please see our Talent Acquisition Privacy Policy
Questions and Complaints
If you have a question or concern about any collection, use or disclosure of personal information by Synergos, or about a request for access to your own personal information, please contact jtomlinson@synergos.org.
Privacy Policy Last updated January 14, 2020