https://www.cunninghampilaw.com/privacy-policy.html
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our clients is extremely important to us, and because of that, we have created this page detailing what actually happens with your privacy when you visit our firm's website.
What information do we collect?
CunningahmPILaw.com uses the AdRoll display advertising network to collect visitor data on our site and then serve targeted display ads to you on other sites. Our partners use technology such as cookies and web beacons to collect this data. For more information or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please visit AdRoll’s privacy policy.
Law Offices of James O. Cunningham, P.A. also uses AdRoll to place advertising on its behalf on Facebook Exchange.
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When you fill out a contact form on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
The Orlando personal injury lawyer information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation. We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. Contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established. James O. Cunningham is not actively practicing law in Wisconsin.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 4/21/2013.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Law Offices of James O. Cunningham, P.A.
236 South Lucerne Circle East
Orlando, FL 32801
Phone: 407-425-2000
Toll Free: 877-FL-INJURY (877-354-6587)
Fax: 407-843-8274
Personal Injury Blog
Two Children Killed After Car Crashes Through Panama City Mini-Golf Course December 8, 2020
James Cunningham Recognized as Board Certified Advocate for the National Board of Trial Advocacy December 5, 2020
Multiple Dead and Seriously Injured in Head-On Osceola County Crash December 2, 2020
Fatal Crash in Marion County Goes Entire Night Before Being Noticed December 2, 2020
Pedestrian Laying in Melbourne Roadway Killed by Car December 2, 2020
SUV Strikes and Kills 86-Year-Old in Seminole County November 30, 2020
Verdicts & Settlements
Car Accident:$3.75 Million Recovery
Medical Malpractice:$4.5 Million Recovery
Semi-Truck Accident:$1.5 Million Recovery
Wrongful Death Plane Crash:$1.7 Million Recovery
Electrical Accident:$1.5 Million Recovery
Dog Bite:$300,000 Settlement
Do I Have A Case?
Brief description of your case
* Anti-spam question:
100% Secure and Confidential
AVVO Profile
Client Reviews
Personal Injury
Frequently Asked Questions
Orlando Personal Injury
Auto Accidents
Wrongful Death
Dog Bites
Premises Liability / Negligence
Slip and Fall
Amusement Park Accidents
Boating Accidents
Medical Malpractice
Nursing Home Abuse
Product Liability
Aviation Accidents
Cruise Ship Accidents
Construction Accidents
Depuy Hip System Recalls
Lockheed Martin Lawsuits
businessLaw Offices of James O. Cunningham, P.A.236 South Lucerne Circle EastOrlando, Florida(407) 425-20005Mr. Cunningham is an excellent and knowledgeable attorney.
I would and have recommended Mr. Cunningham as an attorney. I am extremely happy with the service he has provided for me and my family. I will definately use Mr. Cunningham in the future if I ever need an attorney again.
- John, a Personal Injury client0.3
Bar Register Preeminent Lawyers
The Florida Bar Board Certified
NBLSC Board Certified Lawyers
Multi-Million Dollar Advocates Forum
Lead Counsel Rated
Avvo Rating 10.0 Superb
The Florida Bar Certified Civil Trial Lawyer
Avvo Clients' Choice Personal Injury
Avvo Rating 10.0 Superb Top Attorney Personal Injury
Martindale-Hubbell AV Preeminent High Ethical Standing
The National Trial Lawyers Top 100
Super Lawyers
Florida Legal Elite
Client Testimonials
businessLaw Offices of James O. Cunningham, P.A.236 South Lucerne Circle EastOrlando, Florida(407) 425-20005Great Service (auto accident)
After totalling my vehicle my father recommended I retain Mr. Cunningham. A little online research lead us to Mr. Cunningham who made this case an easy process and educational. I recommend Jim Cunningham. He is doing a great service. Tyrone, an Auto Accident Client0.3
Outstanding Attorney
I was in an automobile accident and didn't know where to turn. My son-in-law recommended James Cunningham and I am so happy I took his advice. James and his staff were very professional and compassionate in guiding me through a difficult time. I highly recommend him. Hilda, an Auto Accident Client
Excellent Service
Mr Cunninghan was a consientious, competant attorney and very professional. His service was excellent and we would recommend him highly. Barbara his assistance was also excellent in her services to us both. Lawrence, a Car Accident client
Read Reviews
Verdicts & Settlements
Car Accident:
$3.75 Million
Construction Accident:
$2,990,000
Aviation Crash: $1.7 Million
Motorcycle: $990,000
Car Accident:
$775,000
Boating Accident:
$700,000
Medical Malpractice:
$4.5 Million
Electrical Accident:
$1.5 Million
Wrongful Death:
$1.2 Million
Medical Malpractice:
$750,000
Premises Liability:
$300,000
Dog Bite:
$300,000
View Settlements
Free Evaluation
Message
* Anti-spam question:
100% Secure and Confidential
Central Florida Offices
Main Office: Orlando
Lake Mary
Kissimmee
Daytona Beach
Debary
Deland
Inverness
Lakeland
Winter Haven
Tampa
The Villages
Mt. Dora
Clermont
Titusville
Cocoa
Request a free 30-minute case evaluation with attorney James O. Cunningham. Request Free Evaluation
Close Form
Receive a free case evaluation.
Case Details
All submissions are personally reviewed by attorney James O. Cunningham within hours.
* Anti-spam question:
100% Secure and Confidential