http://www.cmf.org.uk/about/privacy-notice
Printed from: https://www.cmf.org.uk/about/privacy-notice
connect
grow
speak
serve
join
donate
login
menu
connect
grow
speak
serve
join
donate
login
about CMFjoinbeliefs, values & identitystaffboard of trusteesvacancies at CMFconference and meeting roomsfind uscontact usdoctorseventsjob opportunitiesHealthcare Sundayjuniorseventsstarting workwelcome schemejuniors resourcesstudentseventslocal contactsDeep:ERStudent Nurses and Midwivesfreshersgraduatingelectivesshort term vision tripsnurses & midwiveseventsstudentsjob opportunitiesHealthcare Sundayglobaleventsdeveloping health courseglobal trackjob opportunitiesmissionglobal resourcesICMDA
advocacycurrent consultationssubmissionspress releasesresources2020 ACTIVEdaily devotionalsubject archiveblogsaudio & videopublicationsbookstore1st incision podcastHealthcare Sundaymembersmember adminmember loginbecome a friendfriendsbecome a friendlocal contactseventsHealthcare SundayvolunteersDeep:ERcatalyst teamsother opportunitiesassociates (associate staffworkers)privacy
‘WHEN YOU COME TOGETHER... LET ALL THINGS BE DONE FOR BUILDING UP’(1 Corinthians 14:26)Find a local group:connect with otherCMF membersJoin one of ourmembers' onlyFacebook Groupsfind outwhat is happeningin the FellowshipconnectDraw strength and encouragement by meeting up with like-minded members in your church, community, region, workplace, specialty or via social media.
‘GROW UP IN EVERY WAY... INTO CHRIST’(Ephesians 4:15)Read a dailydevotional Bible reflectionby Christian doctorsCome to an eventto learn and beinspiredBring the Bible andhealth together withthe Human JourneygrowFind courses and resources which will help you grow to Christian maturity and better apply your faith to your work.
‘WHOEVER SPEAKS, AS ONE WHO SPEAKS ORACLES OF GOD’(1 Peter 4:11)Speak at oneof our specialtyCMF breakfastsGive a seminaron a topic you'rean expert forDefend your faith:Learn how tospeak out boldlyspeakGet equipped to speak up confidently and with conviction about what you believe and why in your church, workplace, community and in the public square.
‘AS EACH HAS RECEIVED A GIFT, USE IT TO SERVE ONE ANOTHER’(1 Peter 4:10)explore volunteeringwith CMF ina range of rolesGo Deep:ERServing studentsand juniorsProvide hospitalityfor a new juniordoctorserveOffer your knowledge and experience to serve patients and colleagues both here and abroad through medical work, mentoring, pastoral support, encouragement, prayer, giving or being a CMF Link.
about
about CMF
join CMF
contact CMF
Privacy Notice
beliefs, values and identity
find us
staff at CMF
trustees at CMF
vacancies at CMF
see also
appeals
bookstore
news
publications
rss feeds
Privacy Notice
Data Privacy Notice
Christian Medical Fellowship
1.
Your personal data - what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller's possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
2.
Who are we?
Christian Medical Fellowship is the data controller (contact details below). This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes. We are a charity registered in England and Wales (number 1131658). Our company number is 06949436 and our registered office is at 6 Marshalsea Road, London, SE1 1HL
3.
What data is processed by the data controller?
Some or all of the following where necessary to perform the required tasks:-
Names, titles, photographs;
Contact details such as telephone numbers, addresses and email addresses;
Where they are relevant to our work, or where you provide them to us, we may process demographic information such as gender, age, date of birth, education/work histories and academic/professional qualifications.
Where you make donations or pay for activities, we use bank account numbers, payment card numbers and payment/transaction identifiers.
Where you provide the information, we may collect sensitive personal data, including, your religious beliefs or your physical or mental health.
From time to time, we may obtain date of medical qualification data for some members from the GMC database. The GMC database is open to free access online.
4.
How do we process your personal data?
Christian Medical Fellowship complies with its obligations under GDPR by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:-
To keep you up to date on news and stories about our mission and work;
To administer membership records;
To ask for financial and non-financial support, such as volunteering or prayer;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records;
To process purchases of goods and services;
To process registrations for events;
To process donations you give us including Gift Aid;
To inform you of events and activities;
To operate CMF's website and deliver the services that individuals have requested;
To provide a personalised service such as customised website content or personalised emails;
To classify supporters by location.
To contact individuals via surveys to conduct research about their opinions.
5.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Consent: If you are an existing member, new member, associate member, friend, event attendee or customer providing us with data on or after 14 May 2018, we will process this data on the basis of the consent you gave us. You are free to change your preference at any time by contacting us by telephone, post or email.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject or to take steps to enter into a contract. Such a contract may include the supply of membership benefits, conferences, the sale of books and resources.
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations under employment, social security or social protection law;
Processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of the data controller except where such interests are overridden by the interests, rights or freedoms of the data subject. Such data processing may include some or all of the following:-
o To provide postal communications which we think will be of interest to you;
o To prevent and identify fraud;
o To enhance, modify, personalise or otherwise improve our services and/or communications for the benefit of our members or other individuals;
o To understand how people interact with our websites.
Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your personal data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. You have a right to object to this processing if you wish, and if you wish to do so please contact us. Please bear in mind that if you object this may affect our ability to carry out the tasks above for your benefit.
Where you provide personal data and sensitive personal data when applying for a job with us, we will process, store and disclose the personal data we collect to support the recruitment process.
Where you provide personal or sensitive personal data, such as dietary, mobility requirements or health information, to volunteer with us, we will store, process and disclose the personal information we collect to deliver the volunteering opportunity, including the disclosure of sensitive data, such as medical information, to our partner(s) where necessary to deliver a safe trip or event for all involved
6.
Security
We ensure that we have in place appropriate technical controls to protect any personal data you provide. For example, we ensure that any online forms are encrypted and our network is protected and routinely monitored.
We ensure that access to personal data is restricted only to those staff members or volunteers whole roles require such access.
7.
Credit / debit card security
If you use your debit or credit card to pay your subscription, donate to us, purchase something or pay for an event or trip, whether online, over the phone or by mail, we will process your information securely in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Standard.
We do not store your debit or credit card details once your transaction is completed. All card details are securely destroyed once your donation or payment has completed.
We hold bank account details for the purpose of collecting direct debits in accordance with the direct debit mandate rules.
8.
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of Christian Medical Fellowship for purposes connected with the operation of the Fellowship. Some of our service providers may have access to your data in order to perform services on our behalf - good examples of this are mailings of appeals and magazines or payment processing. We make sure that anyone who provides a service for Christian Medical Fellowship enters into an agreement with us and meets our standards for data security.
9.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We retain membership data while it is still current; Gift Aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to six years after the calendar year to which they relate.
We will only hold sensitive medical personal information provided to participate in an overseas trip until the trip is completed
10.
Transfer of data abroad
Any electronic personal data transferred to countries or territories outside the EU will only be placed on systems complying with measures giving equivalent protection of personal rights either through international agreements or contracts approved by the European Union.
By submitting your personal data you agree to this transfer, storing and processing of your information.
Should you travel overseas with us, we may share personal information with partners in overseas locations.
11.
Legal Duty
We may need to pass on information if required by law or by a regulatory body. For example, a Gift Aid audit by HMRC of if asked for details by a law enforcement agency.
12.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:-
The right to request a copy of your personal data which Christian Medical Fellowship holds about you;
The right to request that Christian Medical Fellowship corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for Christian Medical Fellowship to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent from processing at any time;
The right to object to the processing of personal data where processing is based on legitimate interests;
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
13.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Privacy Notice, then we will update this notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your consent to the new processing.
14.
Contact details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please contact Graham Sopp, Head of Central Services, at 6 Marshalsea Road, London SE1 1HL or email fd@cmf.org.uk.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF or online https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Christian Medical Fellowship:
uniting & equipping Christian doctors & nurses
020 7234 9660
admin@cmf.org.uk
6 Marshalsea Road, London SE1 1HL
© 2020 Christian Medical Fellowship. A company limited by guarantee.
Registered in England no. 6949436. Registered Charity no. 1131658.
Design: S2 Design & Advertising Ltd   Technical: ctrlcube
Privacy Policy