http://www.brandonsarms.org/privacypolicy.php
Brandon's Arms
Brandon Maxfield
Bryco and Bruce Jennings
TheLawsuit
Selling Bryco Arms Assets
In theNews
Brandon's Arms
|
privacy policy
Protect Our Children
Help us keep defective guns off the streets.
Make a donation
or volunteer your time to one of the many organizations concerned with these efforts.
Bankruptcy Ploy Used to Avoid Judgment
Bankruptcy is the likely way many of the West Coast companies will deal with any litigation.
"It doesn't mean they'll be gone forever," Jennings says. "They can file for bankruptcy, dissolve, go
away until the litigation passes by, then reform and build guns to the new standard - if there is a
new standard."
(Business Week, August 16, 1999)
Privacy and Other Policies
General Privacy Policy
Our goal is to provide you with information, resources, and services relevant and helpful to you while respecting your right to privacy. In order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this statement disclosing the privacy practices for this entire site.
Because we respect your privacy, Brandon's Arms does not automatically collect personal information through this web site. For example, we do not enable cookies and do not use other software or hardware techniques to collect personal information on you without your knowledge. During the process of delivering our content and information to you, we do not automatically collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, we do obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). The information collected by us is used for the purpose of analyzing aggregate use of the website.
We log IP addresses - that is, the location of a site visitor's computer or network on the Internet - only for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. In other words, our site includes software that lets us track how many people are coming onto our site, and from which search engines or web pages. This lets us know which information is of interest to visitors, and how they found that information. But we do not automatically collect your name or other personal information.
We also use IP addresses in the aggregate to track which pages people visit in order to assess which content people read most frequently, and to improve the quality of the site. We do not use such data to develop profiles of individual visitors to our web site. There is no personal information collected in our log files. We evaluate site usage by analyzing user information in the aggregate, but this analysis does not identify any individual user.
When you contact us
We maintain some records of individuals who contact us for information via our website in case we need to contact you later or provide further information in the future. For example, if you send us an email, we may file your note to us, so that we can respond to you. However, we do not provide this information to anyone else unless you give us your permission or unless disclosure is required by law.
No legal advice or attorney-client relationship
Please understand that the information on this website is not intended as either legal or medical advice. Please also understand that sending us an electronic e-mail does not mean that you have established an attorney-client relationship with Brandon's Arms or any attorney. Please remember also that e-mail is not necessarily a secure or confidential form of communication. That is one reason why we do not accept requests for legal assistance via e-mail.
Children's online privacy protection
We do not collect any information about users' ages, and do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from individual users under the age of 18 without parental or guardian permission. No form should be filled out by any child without first getting permission by his or her parent or legal guardian. We encourage parents to be with their children on the Internet and to supervise their children when submitting any form of information over the Internet.
No advertising or endorsements
This site does not accept commercial advertising. While this site may contain links to other sites, Brandon's Arms is not responsible for the privacy practices of or the content of such sites. Linkage from our site is not intended to imply that we endorse any other group, its site, or its policies or practices.
Possible changes to information and/or privacy policy
Our goal is to keep information on this website accurate and up-to-date. It is possible, however, that some of the information on this site will be rendered inaccurate or untimely, especially due to changes that take place over time. If our privacy policy changes at some time in the future, we will post the changes on our web site and provide people with the opportunity to opt out of any new uses. While we do not anticipate any changes to this privacy policy, if you are concerned about this, you should check back at our web site periodically to see if we have made any changes.
Questions, concerns or suggestions
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or suggestions on how we can improve the site, please
.
Brandon's Arms was founded to promote the public safety, with specific emphasis on proactive charitable
measures to reduce and eliminate injuries and deaths from the accidental or criminal use of firearms.