http://www.daddezio.com/info/privacy.html
D'Addezio.com, Bringing together individuals researching their family tree.
Plus Hosted Sites
About Us
Privacy Statement for D'Addezio.com
The owners of daddezio.com have created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for the collection websites at D'Addezio.com.We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site.
And we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address).
The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.This site contains links to other sites.
D'Addezio.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address).
The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Collection by Third-Party Sites, Ad Servers, and Sponsors
This site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
We also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
The Network Advertising Initiative now offers an Opt Out of Behavioral Advertising service.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to webmaster@daddezio.comCorrect/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
email webmaster@daddezio.comContacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact Illya James D'Addezio at
illya@daddezio.com
Software Wonders of New Jersey
P.O. Box 911
New Providence, NJ 07974-0911
Back to the About Us page.
Copyright © 1997-2005 Software Wonders of NJ. All rights reserved.
Permission is granted to qualified media/press professionals to copy, and/or distribute this information in their respective publications.