http://www.salesianhigh.org/privacy-policy/
#WeAreSalesian
Home
News
Store
Donate
Calendar
Portals Login
Google Login
Search for:
STUDENTS
Extracurricular
Salesian Spectator
Library
Student Handbook
Youth Ministry
Cafeteria Menu
Honor Roll
Steeped inTradition
PARENTS
Important Dates
Forms
Report Cards
Transportation
Principal’s Newsletter
OUR SIGNATURE SYMBOLS
The heart with the flame represents charity.
ALUMNI
The Fund for Salesian
Alumni Events
Transcript Request
Update Your Information
OUR SIGNATURE SYMBOLS
The anchor serves to remind us that Salesian is our home and we are all anchored here.
ATHLETICS
Fall Sports
Winter Sports
Spring Sports
OUR SIGNATURE SYMBOLS
The star represents guidance like the north star to guide us.
ACADEMICS
Academic Requirements
Courses
Honors Program
Guidance
College Counseling
Special Programs
Summer Programs
College Acceptance
OUR SIGNATURE SYMBOLS
The cross serves to remind us of the value of a christian education.
ADMISSIONS
Walk-Thru Wednesdays
Apply
Finances
Math Leaders Program
Scholarship Exam
OUR SIGNATURE SYMBOLS
The vessel represents knowledge.
ABOUT
Our Mission and Vision
Faculty and Staff
News
Celebrating
100 YEARS OF CATHOLIC EDUCATION
in the tradition of St. John Bosco
Privacy Policy
Salesian High School is dedicated to making your online experience convenient and safe. We define “personal information” as data about an identifiable individual, which may include name, address, telephone number, email address or other information which may be used to identify someone, particularly as defined by privacy laws. By using our website, or providing us with your personal information in any way, you agree to accept the conditions stated in our Privacy Policy.
What kind of information do we collect?
We collect the personal information you provide when contacting us in any capacity.
How do we use your personal information?
We will use personal information collected from you for the following reasons:
Respond to your inquiries and provide customer service.
For conducting research.
To combat online identity theft and fraud.
How do we use cookies?
At this time, we use cookies only for providing a “remembered login” feature for user accounts.
Will we share your information with third parties?
We may share some personal information we have collected about you with third parties who perform services for us. For example, we use third-party vendors to host our website, manage our email distribution systems, print letters and mailings, authorize payments, and analyze data for marketing effectiveness. These service providers are given only the information they need to perform their assigned functions and are not authorized to use or disclose your personal information for their own purposes.
Is my personal information secure?
We have taken significant steps to ensure that all personal information entrusted to us is handled and stored through secure methods.
For more information about our Privacy Policy, please email us info@salesianhigh.org
SALESIAN HIGH SCHOOL
148 East Main Street
New Rochelle, NY 10801
Phone: (914) 632-0248
Email: info@salesianhigh.org
About
Admissions
Academics
Athletics
Alumni
Parents
Students
Donate
Calendar
Login
Privacy Policy
Subscribe to the newsletter
Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter
Email
Subscribe
Salesian High School is proud to be a part of the Catholic Schools of the Archdiocese of New York.
SALESIAN HIGH SCHOOL
148 East Main StreetNew Rochelle, NY 10801Phone: (914) 632-0248Email: info@salesianhigh.org
Subscribe to the newsletter
Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter
Email
Subscribe
About | Admissions | Academics | Athletics | Alumni
Parents | Students
Donate | Calendar | Login | Privacy Policy
Salesian High School is proud to be a part of the Catholic Schools of the Archdiocese of New York.
© 2020 Salesian High School, All Rights Reserved