https://www.dutchmillbulbs.com/order-return-policies/
Return Policy
Fundraising Return Policy
Our return policy for fundraising is that we will replace any item that fails to grow and bloom. Returns and exchanges are not accepted.
Wholesale & Online Orders Return Policy
There is no guarantee or returns for wholesale orders whether placed online, over the phone, by fax or email.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your Name, Email Address, Mailing Address, Phone Number & Credit Card Information.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions through our secure online processor. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
We do use email addresses to send period emails. These email communications will be used to provide details pertaining to order processing and information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Small Note:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please click the “unsubscribe” link that is provided at the bottom of every email communication we send.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database, only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information)
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and also to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service at 1-800-533-8824.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on April 13, 2017.
Internet Marketing Solution & Design by Cazbah