http://www.pglglasgow.org.uk/index.php/gdpr-privacy-notice
Toggle Navigation
HomeLodge Meetings and Events CalendarProvincial NewsPGL EventsInformation Past and PresentGDPR - Privacy NoticeCharitable StatusObituariesContact UsJoining FreemasonryGlasgow Freemasons of InterestInstallations Lodge Secretaries
GDPR - Privacy Notice
Print
Privacy Notice
Who are we?
We are The Provincial Grand Lodge of Glasgow and are the administrative body governing Freemasonry in the Province of Glasgow.  We operate under the auspices of the Grand Lodge of Scotland.  The Provincial Grand Lodge of Glasgow is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our members and visitors to our website.  In particular, we do not sell, rent or trade email lists with any other company for marketing purposes.  This Privacy Policy highlights why we collect personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register membership or provide annual return of Office Bearers. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete forms for the annual calendar, provide information for presentations by Provincial Office Bearers or when you register on the Provincial Grand Lodge of Glasgow website.  Website information is collected when you voluntarily register to use the members only area of our online presence.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to facilitate the administration of the province as membership details are necessary for this.  We use details to communicate with Lodge Members and members of the Provincial Grand Lodge of Glasgow so they are informed of events, meetings and news in the Province.
Where it is necessary for the effective administration of the Craft,  we shall pass on your personal information to the Grand Lodge of Scotland.
The Provincial Grand Lodge of Glasgow will not share your information for marketing purposes with any other organisations.  Where personal information is requested for law enforcement purposes and accompanied by the appropriate paperwork we will share what is necessary for the prevention and detection of crime.
What is our lawful basis for processing personal data?
Our lawful basis for processing personal data is legitimate interests as defined in Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.  The legitimate interests pursued by us are the effective administration and governance of Freemasonry in the Province of Glasgow.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to the Provincial Grand Secretary at the addresses provided below. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or delete information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. We do not store any private information from cookies For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 15 May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about  you:
Provincial Grand Lodge of Glasgow 54 Berkeley Street Glasgow G3 7DS
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Prev
Next
000s2sdefault
powered by social2s
You are here:
Home
GDPR - Privacy Notice
Login Form
Username
Password
Remember Me
Log in
Forgot your username?
Forgot your password?