http://www.gurumaa.com/legal/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy. We pride ourselves on our commitment to right of privacy of our customers and we feel it is important that we publicize our privacy policy.
This section summarizes our privacy policy/practices for www.gurumaa.com. Personal data is collected, used and disclosed only in accordance with this policy.
Collection of Personal Information
Personal data about users of this website is obtained in two ways:1. Information supplied by You: At the time, (i) you register at www.gurumaa.com (hereinafter called the “Software”) for using the services and products made
available to you using the Software (hereinafter called the “service”), (ii) make any payments related to your use of the Service, (iii) download any content made available through the Service (hereinafter called the Content),
(iii) update the Software, (iv) book for any event (v) share any information through the Software and/or (vi) contact us through our help and support channels, you may be asked to provide your personal data (such as your name,
telephone number, email id, address, date of birth, photo, credit or debit card details (if required as mode of payment) certain unique identifiers, and any other information or data that can be used to identify or contact
you) (hereinafter called the “Personal Data”).2. Information collected automatically: We may also receive and track certain technical information from your device when you access the Software. This information includes
log files, device-type, time-zone, version of the operating system or Software, activations, or your activity logs from the use of the Service, Software and Content and device identifiers. This information helps us keep updating
our Software and making it more relevant to our visitors and tailor content to a visitor’s interests.We may use cookies (data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit www.gurumaa.com), and other similar tracking
technologies to collect Usage Information, including Device Identifiers only for the purposes of better facilitation of Services and providing you easy and secure access to www.gurumaa.com. We automatically detect and store
the email id registered with your play store account (in case of Android devices). Further, if you connect into www.gurumaa.com with any social networking site (“SNS”), we may also receive some data from that network (such
as your SNS ID, name, profile picture, gender, age, locale and email address), which shall be deemed to be included within the meaning of your Personal Data.You are not required to provide the Personal Data. However, you
will agree that in absence of such data, it will not be possible for us to provide you with our Products or Services or respond to any queries you may have.
Use of Personal Data
We may use your personal data in an ethical manner for one or more of the following purposes including but not limited to—· to identify you, and to validate your use of the Services,· to deliver the Services you request,
process transactions and send you related information,· to personalize your site experience and to deliver customized content and product offerings,· to communicate with the Software and Services and for resolving customer
service issues,· to administer our business,· to ensure the technical functioning of all our products and Services,· to notify you of any products that we think may be of interest to you unless you inform us that
you do not wish to receive such information,· to protect the Software’s copyright,· to enforce our Terms of Use,· to comply with laws, requests from a government bodies or courts, or to respond to litigation,·
to conduct internal auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our products and Services,· to link or combine with information we receive from others to help understand your needs and to provide you with better Services,·
to contact you with regard to your use of the Software and interest in certain products and Services, and, in our discretion, changes to any policy,· if you have opted-in to receive e-mail newsletter, we may send you the
same periodically,· for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your personal information or otherwise with your consent.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal data unless we
provide you with an advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include gurumaa.com. It also does not include web hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our Software,
in conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as these partners agree to keep this information confidential. Examples of such companies includes shippers/couriers, credit card companies, banks, and distributors. We
may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. You hereby consent to such access by www.gurumaa.com
for the foregoing purposes.
Sharing of Information
Sharing data with third partiesWe may provide your personal data or part of it with our strategic partners who work with or help www.gurumaa.com to provide Services and products to customers. Your Personal Data will only be
shared by www.gurumaa.com to provide or improve our products, Services and not for marketing purposes of such third parties.You further acknowledge that www.gurumaa.com may be required under law, legal process, litigation,
and/or requests from public and governmental authorities to disclose your Personal Data. Further, www.gurumaa.com payment processing partners /gateways may access your billing and shipping information (including your credit
or debit cards details etc.) in relation to any payments that you make for using the Service. You agree that such third-party partners of www.gurumaa.com may receive such information directly from you. Such third parties’ access
and protection of your Personal Data will be in accordance with their privacy and security policies and www.gurumaa.com will not be liable for the same in any manner.Sharing with social networksIf, you register to or
use the Service using an SNS account, you allow www.gurumaa.com to automatically share your activity, usage and activity-related stories with the Service, Software and Content. For the purpose of identification, authentication
and ease of access, www.gurumaa.com may store your username and an access token or similar credentials obtained from such SNS/third party service.Links with other sitesWe may contain links to other sites. Please be
aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.We encourage visitors to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these web sites that collect personally
identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by www.gurumaa.com.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to protect personal data and maintain the safety of your personal information. It is the User’s responsibility to protect the security of their login information. Firewalls and other
advanced security technologies are employed to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of data. When you
place orders for physical or online purchase, you get redirected to payment gateways or the third party.For all transactions on www.gurumaa.com, whether it is for purchasing of products or making contributions or registering
for events or any other transaction involving movement of funds, we use third party payment processing gateways for all financial transactions. They take all the necessary measures for safe online payment processing.We
use the following two third party payment processing gateways -1. CCAvenue for INR Transactions & 2. Paypal for USD TransactionsWe do not collect any payment related information like credit card
number or bank account details or any other online payment service account details directly on www.gurumaa.com.In a nutshell, each time you carry out any transaction on www.gurumaa.com, you are redirected to the secure
servers of CCAvenue or Paypal for payment processing.After the third party has approved your payment, we proceed to the next step of processing your order.
Disclaimer
Your privacy is very important to us. Be assured that, in accordance with this privacy policy, we do not sell or distribute our customer list to third parties. You should be aware, however, no electronic data transmission or storage
of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. www.gurumaa.com is not responsible for any unwarranted, unforeseen breach of Security.
Changes
www.gurumaa.com reserves its rights to change or amend its privacy policy at any time and for any reason. An up-to-date policy will always appear on this page for our visitors. Policy changes will apply prospectively. This ensures
that our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If you do not agree or consent to these updates or changes, do not continue to use this Software.
Terms of Use
Please also visit our Terms of Use section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of www.gurumaa.com.
Your Consent
By registering to the Service and/or using the Software / Content, you hereby agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and the terms in this privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at Rishi Chaitanya Ashram, GT Road, Gannaur, Sonipat, Haryana-131101 or email at support@gurumaa.com
Youtube API terms
Google Privacy policy
Available in Amrit
Varsha app
Amrit Varsha App
Item added to your cart.
The digital track(s) are downloadable
only in Amrit Varsha App. Only
streaming is available on
website.
Processing
Continue
Checkout
Continue
Ok