https://www.chaanimalshelter.org/privacy-policy/
CHA Animal Shelter is committed to respecting your right to privacy. You can visit CHA Animal Shelter’s website without telling us who you are or revealing any identifying information about yourself. However, because our website includes areas in which visitors can provide personally identifying information, we have developed this privacy policy to inform you of our policies and practices regarding information we collect about you.
This privacy policy relates to the URL https://www.chaanimalshelter.org. This website is operated by CHA Animal Shelter for the benefit of its members and other visitors interested in helping animals. CHA Animal Shelter reserves the right to modify or amend this privacy policy at any time and for any reason. Any changes to this privacy policy will be  posted to this website and your continued use of the site indicates your acceptance of the currently posted policy.
How We Collect Information About You
CHA Animal Shelter collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us an e-mail or complete any of our online forms, such as when you make a donation, subscribe to our online newsletter, apply to adopt an animal and/or become a member. Such information may include your name, mailing address, and e-mail address. You may be asked to provide credit card information to make a gift or become a member of CHA Animal Shelter.  All credit card payments made through the CHA website are processed by a third party (currently Paypal) and are subject to the terms and privacy policy of that third party.
Ways Information About You Is Used
We may use the information you voluntarily provided to contact you regarding animal-related issues or events we feel you may be interested in, to keep you updated regarding CHA Animal Shelter programs, and/or to extend an invitation to you to support our programs. Every recipient of our electronic communications can quickly and easily “opt out” of future communications by following the instructions on any electronic communication we provide.
Other
The website includes links to other sites not affiliated with CHA Animal Shelter. We attempt to link only to those websites which also respect a visitor’s privacy. However, CHA Animal Shelter cannot be responsible for the content or policies of third-party web sites. Please check with these third-party organizations or companies for their specific privacy policies. If you find inoperable links or are concerned about any of the sites to which CHA Animal Shelter currently links, please inform us by contacting: adopt@chaanimalshelter.org.
Online Discussions – Terms of Use
CHA Animal Shelter offers opportunities for the public to discuss and comment on CHA Animal Shelter related matter and animal welfare related issues. Content posted to third-party Websites/services/outlets/tools (“User Content”) is not censored or reviewed prior to posting; it reflects only the views and opinions of the individual who made the post and not of CHA Animal Shelter.
CHA Animal Shelter is not responsible for material appearing in any interactive forum on the CHA Animal Shelter Website, except for material signed by an identified representative of the CHA Animal Shelter. As a participant in any online discussion forum, you may not post any material that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, invades another’s privacy, violates any intellectual property rights, violates any law, or is otherwise injurious to third parties. You may not use any forum in a commercial manner. You may not post material that solicits funds or that advertises or solicits goods or services. You may not post material known to be false. You may not post or transmit any information, software, or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component. You also hereby grant to (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) CHA Animal Shelter the perpetual, nonexclusive right and license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, make derivative works off and otherwise use your questions, comments, and postings or any other content you post to the CHA Animal Shelter Website or to third-party Websites/services/outlets/tools, in their original or edited form, on the CHA Animal Shelter websites or in books, articles, commentaries, or in any other medium now known or later developed. You also warrant that any “moral rights” in posted materials have been waived. You are not entitled to any compensation for such use. You acknowledge and agree CHA Animal Shelter is under no obligation of confidence to you, and shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any User Content. By posting User Content on the CHA Animal Shelter Website and third-party websites/services/outlets/tools, you represent and warrant that you own the copyright in such User Content or that you have a legitimate license to post the User Consent, including photographs or other audiovisual material, without any restrictions whatsoever.
The CHA Animal Shelter Website and CHA Animal Shelter-managed third-party websites/services/outlets/tools may be monitored by moderators (professionals in the field) and by CHA Animal Shelter staff. In order to preserve the professional tone of these resources, CHA Animal Shelter reserves the right at its sole discretion to remove postings that do not support the mission of CHA Animal Shelter or animal welfare, are commercial in nature, violate copyright or other law, or violate any aspect of these terms of use without notice or further obligation to you. We also reserve the right to prohibit use of these services by individuals who make such posts. CHA Animal Shelter has no obligation to display or post any User Content. CHA Animal Shelter reserves the right to disclose, at any time and from time to time, any information or User Content that it deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, contractual obligation, legal dispute process, or governmental request.
Security
CHA Animal Shelter uses generally accepted, industry-standard security tools to protect against unauthorized access to CHA Animal Shelter servers, equipment, and other components of our online presence. This includes using third-party vendors with industry-standard security systems to protect credit card processing information.
Contacting CHA Animal Shelter
If you would like to contact CHA Animal Shelter with questions about this privacy policy, please e-mail us at adopt@chaanimalshelter.org.