https://www.mlaw.ie/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Loading...
Terms & ConditionsSean Manning2019-04-05T13:46:01+00:00
GDPR STATEMENT.
At Malcomson Law want to keep your personal data as secure as we can. In order to continue doing so, we have updated our terms and conditions and data privacy statement to comply with General Data Protection Regulation and the E-privacy directive. Should you have any reason to, you can contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing info@mlaw.ie or calling (0)1 874 4422. Our terms & conditions, data privacy statement can be viewed here.
DISCLAIMER.
This website contains information of a general nature about the Malcomson Law Practice areas and Irish and International legal developments. Any information on this website is intended to provide and does not constitute or comprise in any manner, legal advice on any particular matter. It is provided for general information purposes only. You should not act or refrain from acting on the basis of any material contained in this website without seeking appropriate legal or other professional advice.
Malcomson Law make no representations, warranties or deliver no undertaking about any information contained in this website. In addition, Malcomson Law does not endorse or prove the content of any third party site linked to this website, nor will Malcomson Law have any liability in connection with any such third party website. By using this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions attached to its usage.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
The material contained on this website is provided for general information purposes only and does not constitute legal or other professional advice. Whilst every care has been taken in the preparation of the information on this site, readers of the site are advised to seek specific legal advice in relation to any decision or course of action.
Extent limited by the applicable law, including Irish and International Law, Malcomson Law, nor any partners, associates, consultants, employees or representatives of the firm of Malcomson Law will not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of or in connection with your use of the website or any of the facilities or services offered either through this site or as a link from this website. (Including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss or damages, loss of data, income, profit or opportunity, loss of or damage to property, loss of reputation and claims of third parties) even if Malcomson Law has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages or such loss or damage where reasonably foreseeable. © 2018 Malcomson Law. For further information please contact us at 01 87 444 22 or email us.
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Medical Negligence – What is Medical Negligence?
Medical Negligence Claims – How they work
Medical Misadventure Inquests
Medical Device & Consumer Products Recalls
Medical Misdiagnosis
Personal Injury Assessment Board (PIAB)
Periodic Payment Orders in Personal Injury & Medical Negligence Claims
At Malcomson Law want to keep your personal data as secure as we can. In order to continue doing so, we have updated our terms and conditions and data privacy statement to comply with General Data Protection Regulation and the E-privacy directive. Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
This website uses cookies and third party services.
Ok
Go to Top