http://www.sister-cities.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Secure Ordering Online
Your online credit card transactions are secure with sistercities.org. We use Secure Socket Layering (SSL), the industry-standard encryption technology (128-bit encryption) that ensures safe internet transmission of your personal information. Typically, your browser will provide an indication that you are entering a secure area (e.g. an icon on the browser window; a pop-up message on your monitor or an “https” in the URL indicator on the browser). A credit card purchase on our website is as safe as it is by telephone, mail or in person.
If You Send Us Personal Information
Sistercities.org will only collect personal information which you knowingly provide by purchasing merchandise, registering on the site, becoming a Sister Cities International member or some other voluntary action. If you provide personal information, we will use it to respond to your inquiry, answer your question and fulfill your order as you specify. We may also mail you information about Sister Cities International programs, activities, membership and support opportunities, product updates and special events. From time to time, you may also receive information on opportunities or offers from organizations outside of Sister Cities International. If at any time you do not wish to receive information on these opportunities and related offers, simply call 202.347.8630 to let us know.
We will not provide your email address to anyone outside of Sister Cities International membership without your permission to do so. With your permission, you may receive information about programs, activities, membership and support opportunities, product updates and special events from Sister Cities International, our members, our partners, affiliates and sponsors. When you receive any e-mail, you will always have the option to decline future electronic communication.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information attached to your browser by a website that you visit. Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior, as well as to record other information from the website. When you register on the website, cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to re-enter it the next time you visit. Many content adjustments and member service improvements are made based on the data derived from cookies. Information that we collect from cookies will only be used in aggregate form. You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website you visit. If you do so, you will still be able to enjoy visiting sistercities.org, though you may forfeit some of the interactive features.
Children and Privacy
We at sistercities.org are concerned about protecting children’s privacy. We do not knowingly market to children or collect personally identifiable information from children. No child should shop or submit personal information to this or any other web site without the consent of a parent or guardian.
Comments
We at Sister Cities International are interested in your comments and feedback. Please help us respond to your comments and inquiries by sending them info@sistercities.org.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Stay up-to-date with Sister City announcements and events. Get our latest news by email by signing up
Latest News
San Antonio and Darmstadt – Looking to the Future with Optimism
MedStar and Texas Health Resources to Donate Ambulance & Supplies to Fort Worth Sister City – Toluca, Mexico
YLS recap 2018
Houstonians again proving their Care for the Humanity 40-feet container of gifts for the flood hit Sister City of Karachi
YLS recap 2019
Facebook
Facebook page plugin loading...
Contact 915 15th Street NW, 4th Floor
Washington, DC 20005
+1.202.347.8630
info@sistercities.org
Member Updates Newsletter
Stay up-to-date with Sister City announcements and events. Get our latest news by email by signing up
Leave this field empty if you're human:
SCI Information
Annual Reports
501C3 Information
Governing Documents
Financial Information
SCI Store
Privacy Policy
Local Programs
Chicago Sister Cities International
Ft Worth Sister Cities International
NorCal Sister Cities
Norfolk Sister City Association
Montgomery Sister Cities
SoCal Sister Cities