http://www.swonaz.org/privacy-policy
Home
Who We Are
Our Beliefs
Our History
Our Officers
What We Do
Sunday School | Discipleship Ministries
Childrens Quizzing
Ministries
Missions
NMDC
District Calendar
Events
Cancellation Policy
Our Churches
Resources
Sunday School Reporting
Ministers Reporting
Newsletter
Forms
Policies
StateofOhio
Contact
Getting Here
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting the Southwestern Ohio District Church of the Nazarene Website and reviewing our privacy policy. Our privacy policy is clear: We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following policy will help you understand how we collect, use, and safeguard the personal information you provide on our website.If You Send Us Personal InformationIf you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an e-mail to the district superintendent or someone else at the district office, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our website, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information that you request. We do not collect personal information for any other purposes. The information you provide is not given to any private organizations or private persons. Southwestern Ohio District does not collect or use information for commercial marketing.If you browse Southwestern Ohio District Church of the Nazarene Website, you do so anonymously. At times we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, such as your e-mail address and postal address, for purposes such as corresponding with us or registering  for a scheduled event.We do not share your profile with anyone else outside of our district office without your consent and no one else can access your information.ChildrenWhile the Southwestern Ohio District Church of the Nazarene Website may be viewed by children, we do not solicit data from them. Southwestern Ohio District encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on the sites their children visit. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, our web site by visitors under 18 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian.Data SecuritySouthwestern Ohio District Church of the Nazarene is fully committed to data security. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to us online. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us. In this regard, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your own personal data while you are on the Internet. At a minimum, we would encourage you to change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure that you are using a secure browser as you surf the Internet.Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time and without notice. For updates, please check back here.
Who We Are What We Do Our Churches Contact Resources Privacy Policy
Contact Info Southwestern Ohio District Church of the Nazarene7943 Tylersville Road West Chester, OH 45069Phone: +1-513-777-5600Fax: +1-513-777-2745
©
Southwestern Ohio District Church of the Nazarene
Website design by DreamWeaver Studio
Share by: