http://www.stjohns-fremont.org/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Purpose
St. John Lutheran Church (SJLC) recognizes that an individual's privacy is very important and that they have a right to control their personal information. SJLC acknowledges that when an individual provides personal information about themselves to another party it is an act of trust. In response, SJLC takes the process of upholding an individual's privacy very seriously. The following policy will govern how SJLC handles an individual's personal information and safeguards their privacy.
Scope
The principles contained in this privacy document apply to all personal information collected or submitted to St. John Lutheran Church:
Questions or Concerns
What information of yours does SJLC collect?We collect two different types of information. One type is voluntary information, which you provide, such as registration information for events, membership information or by registering for events or in the volunteering section of the site. The other type of information SJLC collects is user information provided by your computer each time you visit this site, such as IP address, browser.What does SJLC do with the information that is collected?Any information that you provide to SJLC or that is obtained through this web site may be used for church purposes. SJLC will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to commercial entities. SJLC will not disclose your name, address, e-mail address or phone number without your express consent, unless disclosure is necessary to comply with laws or relevant legal proceedings.What are "cookies" and how does JLC use them?Cookies are information that a web site transfers to an individual's PC for record- keeping purposes (e.g., if you are a Wall Street Journal Interactive user, a cookie on your PC allows you to go directly to the WSJ instead of having to give your user name and password each time). Cookies can save your preferences when you are at a site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and most major web sites use them. SJLC may use cookies to help us see which areas of our web site are more popular, which are not, how they are being used so that we can improve and update our web site to more accurately meet the needs of our users. Most browsers (Microsoft Explorer, Netscape) are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to either refuse all cookies or to notify you when you are receiving a cookie and allow you to decide whether or not to accept it. We do not use cookies to obtain any personal information about you before or after you leave the SJLC site. 5.  How does linking to other sites affect my privacy protections?As a courtesy, SJLC may provide links to other sites that are neither owned nor controlled by SJLC. These third-party sites, however, are NOT subject to or bound by the SJLC Privacy Policy. Such third-party sites may or may not have their own privacy policies and may or may not collect personal information from you or place cookies on your browser. SJLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or any information collection practices of these sites or any damages resulting therefrom.What type of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?The SJLC web site has built-in security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use industry-standard practices, such as encrypted storage and password protection systems, to safeguard the confidentiality of information.How does SJLC protect the privacy of children?Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, photos of children will only be used with parental consent. If any services or features on the site require registration, a user 13 years old and younger will be required to provide the email of the parent or guardian which will allow us to notify that person that the child has registered for a service or feature. Parental or guardian consent will consist of an email from that person to SJLC stating that they are aware that the child is using the web site. Identifying a user as 13 or under is not easy and SJLC will not be held responsible for anyone misrepresenting as over 13 when in fact they are not.SJLC reserves the right to change, amend, or restate this policy.Your affirmative consent to SJLC’s collection and use of personally identifiable information. By using SJLC’s website, you are giving us your express consent to use all the information that we collect about you in the manner described in this policy.
Questions or Concerns
If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact the church office who will forward your request to the appropriate person.