http://www.children.org/make-a-difference/other-ways-to-help/testing-for-impact
Make a difference
Other ways to help
Testing for Impact_ECF
Testing for Impact
Volunteering online to help families in need now
Get started
How it works
Emergency Community Fund
FAQS
Giving has never been so simple — or so smart!
By joining Children International’s exclusive Testing for Impact program, you’ll give 10-15 minutes of your time to review some of the world’s biggest brand websites. In return, you choose to donate a portion of your testing proceeds to Children International’s Emergency Community Fund, which provides support to children and families in poverty when unexpected crises hit.
Fill out my online form.
become a digital volunteer
YOUR TIME  in a usability test can help a family in need during this crisis.
JOIN. Sign up to be a tester and you'll join our community of charity-minded digital volunteers who are giving their time to make an impact. Anyone can do it.
TEST. Release your inner critic! Once you’re approved as a usability tester, you’ll have the opportunity to take usability tests on the Userlytics platform. All you have to do is give your feedback on top brands and website content.
GIVE. For every test you take, you can choose to donate a portion of your testing proceeds to our Emergency Community Fund, which provides assistance to families in need. The more you test, the more you give.
Only 75 tester positions are open, so sign up today!
Get started now
Make a difference by donating your time
Families in poverty need your support during this crisis. Your time in a usability test can make a difference.
Give support to children and families who need it most
When you join the Testing for Impact program, every test you take gives you the opportunity to donate to our Emergency Community Fund, which provides a safety net when unexpected crises threaten to push already-struggling families even further into poverty.
Your donation means
FAMILIES will be supported during this crisis.
You can make an impact in 15 minutes. The average usablity test takes approximately 15 minutes. As a tester, you will be given the opportunity to donate a portion of your testing proceeds to our Emergency Community Fund. It's all up to you and you have full control over how much you want to give back.
start testing — and giving — today!
Get started now
FAQs
Got a question? We have answers. If you need additional assistance, please feel free to contact Carl Ferrara.
How does Testing for Impact work?
As part of this initiative, we partnered with our friends from Userlytics, a testing platform where users provide feedback for clients through usability tests. Everything from landing pages, videos, mobile apps and other content is reviewed by people like you.
By joining this new program, you will have the opportunity to give back to our Emergency Community Fund through client usability tests. The tests will vary in length and payments will typically range from $5 to $20. It depends on the test.
All you have to do is check a box to donate your testing proceeds to Children International.  Your time in a test can help families around the world. It’s that simple!
At the same time, you can also provide feedback on Children International fundraising materials — making you part of an exclusive group of testers who are shaping content before it’s seen by the general public.
What does a Userlytics usability test look like?
Usability tests are designed to give feedback on product offerings, websites or any other piece of content. Here's an example of one:
Areas typically reviewed in a usability test include site navigation, design/color scheme, specific processes such as check outs, logins, registration and searching for select content on a site. Ultimately, your feedback will help shape the direction of these sites.
You don’t need to be a seasoned tester to join the program, and there’s no right or wrong answer in a usability test. In fact, many clients prefer user testers who have no prior experience with usability testing, leading to more genuine and realistic user experiences.
Besides the Emergency Community Fund, will I have the option to give to another Children International program through Testing for Impact?
The Testing for Impact program is breaking new ground and we are excited that you will be part of this journey. Because the program is new, we are keeping the focus on the Emergency Community Fund at this time. As the testing program takes shape and evolves, we will explore additional giving opportunities.
Does it cost anything to join Testing for Impact? How many client usability tests can I do?
There is no cost and no limits on the number of usability tests you can take. If you qualify for a client usability test, you will have the option to donate your testing proceeds to the Emergency Community Fund. As a rule of thumb, testers with a higher ranking are more likely to be eligible for client tests.
Because Testing for Impact is working with charity-minded people like you, our hope is that your enthusiasm will lead to a better testing experience and a higher tester ranking, so that you will have more opportunity to give back through testing.
As a tester, can I decide how much I want to donate to the Emergency Community Fund?
Yes, you will have the option to decide how much of your testing proceeds you want to donate for any client test on the Userlytics platform. So, if you want to donate $5 for a $10 test, you just have to indicate it in the space provided on the platform. This gives you complete control with your donation.
Where will I do the usability tests? Will I be doing them on the Children International site?
You will be joining our partner Userlytics’ platform as a tester. This means all tests will be done on the Userlytics platform, with the option for you to support our Emergency Community Fund through your time in a client usability test.
Userlytics is equally excited about this program. Their CEO is also a Children International sponsor, so they understand the value in giving your time for a bigger impact.
How will I be notified of a usability test?
As mentioned, all tests will be conducted on the Userlytics platform. You will be notified via email from Userlytics and the email message will look  like the following:
Make sure that you add Userlytics to your address book.
What computer hardware and software do I need to be a user tester?
You will need the following: Mac with OSX 10.9.5 or higher OR a PC with Windows 7 or higher, high-speed internet access, and a standard internet browser program (such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Chrome) and a working built in-mic. You will also be required to download the Userlytics recorder, an easy to use application that will record your usability test.
As a tester, can I also earn money for usability tests?
Yes. While we would love for you to donate your earnings to help kids in poverty, you can also earn money for any Userlytics test for which you qualify. You can also choose how much of your tester earnings you would like to donate to CI, so if you want to donate $5 for a $10 test, you have that option. It's all up to you.
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. You can restrict cookies through your browser; however that may impair site functionality.
GOT IT
Are you sure?
ok
cancel
My order summary
Loading...
Keep giving
Checkout Now
Today's total:
Keep giving
Checkout Now