http://www.stpauls-kst.com/privacy-policy/
AboutHistoryParish StaffFaith FormationMinistry + MissionEvent CalendarMonthly EpistleBecome a MemberVisit UsWorshipChoir + ChoristersSchoenstein OrganSpecial ServicesAdvent Mass LeafletStewardship + GivingStewardship StoriesMake a Pledge CommitmentMake a Contribution
Services Times
St. Paul's Parish
2430 K St. NW, Washington, DC 20037
GET DIRECTIONS
Coming up at St. Paul’s
Saturday, December 125:30AMGrate Patrol11:30AMLow Mass
VIEW FULL SCHEDULE
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been developed to better serve those who are concerned with how their personally identifiable information is being used online. Please read this privacy policy on how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII.
What PII do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When submitting a form or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details.
When do we collect PII?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our Email list or fill out any form or make a contribution.
How do we use your PII?
We may use the information we collect in the following ways:
To send periodic emails regarding news and events at St. Paul’s.
To follow up with you on correspondence (email or phone inquiries).
To maintain secure financial and membership records at St. Paul’s.
How do we protect your PII?
An external compliant payment gateway handles all credit card transactions related to gifts, pledges and other transactions. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers. Our web hosting provider regularly scans to maintain the integrity of the St. Paul’s site. PII is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us track when you have dismissed a website alert. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly; however, this will not affect your ability to use the website.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We have implemented the following:
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Privacy Policy changes:
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
You can change your personal information:
Emailing us at office@stpauls-kst.com
Calling us at 202-337-2020
Logging in to your account (where applicable)
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving emails from St. Paul’s, you can email us at office@stpauls-kst.com.
You may also follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email, and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
St. Paul’s Episcopal Church
2430 K St. NW
Washington, DC 20037
parishcoordinator@stpauls-kst.com
202-337-2020
Last Edited on 11/17/2020
Get in Touch
St. Paul's Parish
2430 K Street, NW, Washington, DC 20037202-337-2020  •
office@stpauls-kst.com
Receive News & Updates
Subscribe
© St. Paul’s Parish
|
Privacy Policy
|
Web design by openbox9
CLOSE