http://www.writerspace.com/privacy
Sign In Register
Privacy At Writerspace.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy whenever you visit our web sites. This privacy policy applies to the following sites: www.Writerspace.com, www.killerbooks.com, and all individual and group author sites listed at www.Writerspace.com (the “Site”). In addition, when using particular services provided by Writerspace, you shall be subject to any additional posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services. By using the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us in accordance with our guidelines set forth below.
Writerspace is committed to protecting the privacy of children. You should be aware that this site is not intended or designed to attract children under 14 years of age. No personal information should be submitted or posted on writerspace sites by individuals under 14 years of age.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will post the changes on this page so you are always informed about what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.  Your continued use of the Site after a change has been posted will constitute your agreement to such change in the Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
This site may request personally identifiable data from you (“Personal Information”), which may include your e-mail address or other information such as your postal address, telephone number, etc.  In addition, our web server automatically recognizes and stores your domain name (where possible), the email addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, the email addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, information volunteered by you, such as survey information and/or site registrations and aggregate information about what pages on our site you visit or access.
We also collect information on behalf of specific authors and offer you opportunities to become a part of those authors’ mailing lists. All such information is separated from the other information on our site and belongs to the individual author for whom you have supplied your personal information, unless you choose at the time to also share that information with writerspace.com. The information collected on behalf of those authors, though owned by the authors, will be governed by the terms of this privacy policy.
If you supply us with your postal address online, you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. For example, if you enter one of our contests and win, we will use your postal address to send your prize.
With respect to cookies, we use cookies to store visitors’ preferences.  With respect to advertising servers, we do not partner with or have any special relationships with any such companies at this time.
At any time, you may obtain a summary of the Personal Information on record with writerspace.com which has been collected about you via this website. In addition, at any time you may request to correct the Personal Information, request that such information be removed completely from our database, or request that we no longer solicit you either by email or any other means. To make any request described above, send an email to Writerspace via our contact form, write to Writerspace, PO Box 851021, Mobile AL 36685 or contact us at (251) 661-9093.
Updated May 9, 2018
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)MoreClick to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)
Writerspace News
Sign up now for a weekly email with information on new releases, upcoming chats and news about your favorite authors!
Privacy Statement
Latest from our Blog
ESCAPING ELEVEN: THE BIRTH STORY OF A BOOK
Giveaway – $10 Amazon gift card It’s difficult to believe that on December 8, 2020, ESCAPING ELEVEN was released into the world. They say that your book is your baby, but like all good birth stories, the really interesting tidbits come in the backstory. When did you decide to have a baby? Why did you…
Read More
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)MoreClick to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window) Read More
Upcoming Events
No Events
Follow us on FacebookWriterspace
About Us
Author Services
Site Design
Pricing
Register/Login
© 1998 - 2020 Writerspace. All rights reserved. | Contact Us
Send to Email Address