http://www.gurdwara.us/privacy.html
Sikh Temples in USA
Home Gurdwara.us Privacy PolicySagar.com
USA Channels
Arizona
Artesia
Atlanta
Austin
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Connecticut
Dallas
Delaware
Denver
Florida
Houston
Iowa
Jackson Heights
Kansas
Long Island, NY
Los Angeles
Maryland
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Nevada
New Jersey
New York
North Carolina
Oak Tree Road
Ohio
Oklahoma
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Portland
Richmond
Sacramento
San Diego
Seattle
Tennessee
Virginia
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Fares To India
USA Gurdwaras
Hindu Temples
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy indicates how Rekha Inc. uses the information it collects from customers and people/organizations making listing submission to its network of web sites.
Rekha Inc. collects details like name, address, e-mail address & phone number etc when a web site is submitted to its network of web sites.
Rekha Inc. does not rent, sell or share the information it collects EXCEPT under the following circumstances:
Information will be shared with trusted partners who work on behalf or with Rekha Inc. under confidentiality agreements.
Rekha Inc. will share the information while responding to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Rekha Inc. believes that it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Rekha Inc's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in our network in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We will transfer your information if Rekha Inc. is acquired by or merged with another company.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Rekha Inc. may make changes or update this privacy policy at any time without notice. Please check the privacy policy at periodical intervals to learn about the changes.
Disclaimer   © 2019, All Rights ReservedPrivacy