http://www.foodcomm.org.uk/home/privacy_statement/
Search
HomeArticlesMagazinesPressCampaignsAboutLinks
Home > Privacy statement
Privacy statement26/10/2008General
This site is provided and managed by The Food Commission (UK) Ltd, Registered Company Number 2485176. Registered office: 94 White Lion Street, London N1 9PF.  The Food Commission (UK) Ltd publishes The Food Magazine and associated website at www.foodmagazine.org.uk. This statement only applies to www.foodmagazine.org.uk
The Food Commission (UK) Ltd fully complies with the Data Protection Act 1998.
The Food Commission (UK) Ltd is a not-for-profit organisation which campaigns for healthier, safer food and sustainable food production in the UK. Personally identifiable information
The Food Commission (UK) Ltd will only collect personal information when you specifically and knowingly provide it to us. Examples of personal information are:
a) your name
b) your address
c) your e-mail address
The Food Commission (UK) Ltd will not pass any personally identifiable information collected online at www.foodmagazine.org.uk to any other organisation or marketing agency. Online payments are made through the secure PayPal service (www.paypal.co.uk). The Food Commission (UK) Ltd collects and stores postal address data to enable us to mail out copies of The Food Magazine to subscribers. The Food Commission (UK) Ltd collects and stores email address data from individuals who sign up to access password protected areas of www.foodmagazine.org.uk and/or to receive emails from The Food Commission (UK) Ltd. All data is stored securely. Users can opt out of receiving postal copies of The Food Magazine and receiving emails from The Food Commission (UK) Ltd at any time. Non-personally identifiable information
Aggregate or summary information is collected automatically by our system e.g. number of visitors to the site. In order to do this we may need to send cookies to your PC. This information is used to monitor use of the web site and will not contain information that can identify you as an individual.Third party sites
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please be notified that The Food Commission (UK) Ltd cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage all visitors to be aware and read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.Cookies
A cookie is a small text file on the user's browser and hard drive that uniquely identifies the user's browser. There are two types of cookies: persistent cookies and session cookies. Session cookies are temporary and are erased when the browser exits. Persistent cookies remain on the user's hard drive until the user erases them or until they expire.
If, for example, you are using Microsoft Internet Explorer and you wish to block www.foodmagazine.org.uk website cookies, you can perform the following:
On your browser Tools menu, select 'Internet Options'
Click on the 'Privacy' tab and then on the ‘Sites' button
Type into the 'Address of website' field:
www.foodmagazine.org.uk
Click on the 'Block' button
Click on the OK button
Other browsers have similar cookie management abilities somewhere in their preferences settings, please refer to your browser's 'Help' facility.
©
2020
Food Commission
|
Copyright information
|
Site map
|
Privacy statement
The Food Magazine is published by The Food Commission.