http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/privacy.html
Home
Learn Grants
Grants Learning Center
Grants 101
Grant Policies
Grant Eligibility
Grant Terminology
Grant-Making Agencies
Grant Systems
Grant Programs
Grant Careers
Grant Reporting
Grant Fraud
Search Grants
Applicants
Grant Applications
How to Apply for Grants
Track My Application
Applicant Resources
Workspace Overview
Applicant Eligibility
Organization Registration
Applicant Registration
Applicant Training
Applicant FAQs
Adobe Software Compatibility
Submitting UTF-8 Special Characters
Encountering Error Messages
Grantors
Grantor Resources
Grantor Registration
Grantor Tools & Tips
Grantor FAQs
Grantor Standard Language
Submitting UTF-8 Special Characters
Grantor Help
System-to-System
Applicant System-to-System
Versions & WSDLs
Web Services
Schemas
Hashing
Certificates
Testing
Reference Implementation
Listserv
Troubleshooting
Grantor System-to-System
Versions & WSDLs
Web Services
Schemas
Certificates
Testing
Reference Implementation
Listserv
Troubleshooting
RESTful APIs
Forms
Forms Repository
R&R Family
SF-424 Family
SF-424 Individual Family
SF-424 Mandatory Family
SF-424 Short Organization Family
Post-Award Reporting Forms
Retired Forms
Forms Development
Forms Status Report
Forms Process
Forms Request
Country and State Lists Updates
Planned UEI Updates
Connect
Manage Subscriptions
Newsletter Archive
Social Media
Support
Support Resources
About Grants.gov
Program Management Office
Grants.gov Notices
Grants.gov Calendar
Grants.gov Releases
Grants.gov Logo Usage
GRANTS.GOV
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Please Review our Privacy Policy for Your Protection
Thank you for visiting Grants.gov and reviewing our privacy and security policy. The Grants.gov privacy policy protects the rights of individual users under section 552a of title 5, United States Code
(commonly referred to as the "Privacy Act"), and other laws relevant to the protection of the privacy of an individual. All information is gathered, stored, and used in accordance with the above-mentioned Privacy Act.
NOTE: Our privacy and security policy is clear: We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Using Grants.gov’s Mobile Applications
When you use Grants.gov’s Mobile Application (App), certain information will be gathered and stored about your usage of the App. To use the Grants.gov App, you will be required to provide your Grants.gov username and password to login. We collect and store information as follows:
Grants.gov receives aggregate data about the use of our Apps, such as the number of times the applications have been opened or the interactions or actions completed in the application. We also receive aggregate data from the platforms that distribute our Apps (currently the iTunes Store and the Google Play Store), such as the number of people who download the App and mobile set-up information (e.g., device model, App version, country, language, and mobile carrier). Please consult the privacy policies of these third parties for further information.
You may set up to receive “push notification” messages and a notification provider service will push the notifications to your mobile device. To make sure messages reach the correct devices, our third party provider relies on a device token unique to your mobile device. A device token is a unique identifier issued to the app by the operating system of the mobile device. While we may be able to access a list of the tokens, the App and tokens do not reveal your identity, unique device ID, or contact information to us. The third party provider may collect the following: the time of an event, how a user came to our site, what search engine and search keywords users may have used to get to our site, information about the device our user is on such as their operating system, and browser, as well as the city, region and country location of users. If, at any time, you wish to stop receiving push notifications, simply adjust your phone settings.