http://www.capitalareafoodbank.org/privacy-policy/
The Capital Area Food Bank is responding to COVID-19. See the latest information and updates here.
Skip to main content
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Website & Email Privacy Policy – Commitment to Your Privacy
This site is owned and operated by the Capital Area Food Bank. Your privacy is important to the CAFB and we want to make your online experience satisfying and safe. This policy outlines what information is collected by visitors to the CAFB’s web site and how that information is used.
Generally, you can visit the Capital Area Food Bank’s web site without revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect information primarily through aggregate tracking such as domain names but not individual email addresses to compile data such as the number of visits our site receives, the average time spent on the site, the pages viewed, etc. We collect this anonymous data to measure the use of our site and to help us improve the site.
There are some instances in which you may choose to provide personal information to the Capital Area Food Bank. This may include making a donation, purchasing tickets to events or souvenirs, and/or making reservations online. In these instances, the CAFB uses encryption software to keep your personal information, including credit card numbers, secure. The information provided over our secure data lines is used to process your request. Online donors will be added to the Capital Area Food Bank’s donor database and may occasionally be contacted by mail. You have the option to opt out of future mailings. You may choose not to receive such information in the manner described above by simply notifying CAFB directly at fundraising@capitalareafoodbank.org or at 202-526-5344. CAFB is committed to removing any opt out requests as soon as possible. It is our policy not to share any information about an individual to a third party.
Any information you choose to provide in an email to us may not be secure and is used only to respond to your request.
The Capital Area Food Bank’s web site may include links to other sites, such as our major donors and social service agencies. While we strive to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of other sites.
Use of “Cookies”
The Capital Area Food Bank Website may use “cookies” and similar means to collect aggregate statistical information. Aggregate information does not identify any individual person. We may use or disclose aggregate information for any purpose. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and are designed to be read only by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies are also used to recognize visitor preferences, temporarily store session information and past activity at our site in order to provide better service and easier access when individuals return to our site. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other Websites you visit. We use third-party advertising companies to create and distribute advertising on our behalf. These companies may also employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is anonymous. The Capital Area Food Bank may use cookies to remarket to you across the internet. Please note if you delete your cookies or switch devices this exclusion won’t carry over.
Our privacy policy is subject to change without notice. We recommend that you check this page periodically for revisions.