http://www.nortonwhite.com.au/privacy-policy
Norton White
About
Lawyers
Expertise
Publications
Contact
Back
Overview
Mark Mackrell
Ben Martin
Jayne Heatley
Keira Nelson
Adam Martin
Alexis Cahalan
Danella Wilmshurst
Ian Adrian
Janine Liang
Stephanie Watson
Matthew Tsai
Jennifer Andrews
Brendan Lord
Back
Overview
Aerospace
Commercial and Corporate
Competition Law
Consumer Law
Dispute Resolution and Litigation
Employment and Workplace Safety
Finance
Insurance
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Maritime and Shipping
Product and Services Liability
Regulatory and Investigations
Restructuring & Insolvency
Transport and Logistics
Privacy Policy   About Us1.1.	Norton White (Norton White or we, us or our) is a law firm based in Sydney, Australia with an extensive practice in corporate, commercial and administrative law.  Norton White deals with information privacy in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) set out in the Privacy Act. We also comply with the Spam Act 2003 (Cth) which imposes restrictions on sending emails and other types of commercial electronic messages.Commitment to Privacy2.1.	Norton White values privacy and is committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of the personal information provided to us. 2.2.	We may update or change this Privacy Policy to take into account changes to operations and practices and to ensure that the Privacy Policy remains appropriate and complies with legislated privacy principles. When we do so, we will publish the current policy on our website. Please check our website to review this Privacy Policy regularly.Personal Information Collected by Norton White3.1.	Norton White collects and holds:(a)	contact details, such as your name, office or home address, telephone, email and facsimile contact details;(b)	personal details, such as your gender, qualifications or titles;(c)	information from browsers when you visit our website such as your server address, domain name, date and time of your visit, the pages visited, the page you came from, the type of browser, and selected information for statistical purposes;(d)	financial information, such as credit card or bank account details; and(e)	records of your communications and other interactions with us.3.2	We generally collect your personal information directly from you. However, in some cases, we may receive your personal information from a third party (for instance if it is provided to us in connection with a matter we are working on). 3.3	Norton White’s website can be used anonymously. We do not collect identifiable personal information about you if you only browse the site. 3.4	Without your personal information we may not be able to provide you with some or all of our services.Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information4.1	Personal information is stored by Norton White in written and/or electronic form.
We take reasonable precautions to protect the personal information we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure, including the use of physical, electronic and procedural safeguards. We restrict access to personal information to those employees and third party providers who need to know that information to deliver our products and services efficiently and effectively. 4.2	From time to time, we may use servers, systems and cloud computing providers outside of Australia to store personal information. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is protected and handled in accordance with legal requirements and as described in this Privacy Policy.4.3	We cannot guarantee that the internet or emailing is a secure means of submitting personal information.Use and Disclosure of Personal Information5.1	Norton White collects, stores, uses and discloses personal information that could identify you for the purposes disclosed at the time of collection, or as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose without first seeking your consent, unless authorised or required by law. Generally we will only use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:(a)	to fulfil our role as a law firm, including providing advice and maintaining client records;(b)	to provide information to the government, the regulatory authority, the media and the community; (c)	to verify your identity and provide you with the service or information you requested;(d)	to manage membership and membership renewals and registrations and payments for conferences and events;(e)	to assess eligibility for ordinary, associate, affiliate and honorary membership;(f)	to deliver functions, conferences, workshops or seminars; and(g)	to send clients and contacts our newsletters or notifications of new legal developments or important industry news, including products, services and announcements.5.2	We may disclose your personal information to:(a)	organisations that perform services on our behalf in connection with maintaining or servicing our membership or processing requests for products or services;(b)	your authorised representatives or legal advisers (when requested by you to do so);(c)	credit-reporting and fraud-checking agencies if required;(d)	our professional advisers, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers;(e)	organisations who manage our business and corporate strategies; (f)	government and regulatory authorities and other organisations, as required or authorised by law; and(g)	event managers, sponsors, news aggregators, news providers and researchers. 5.3	Where your personal information is disclosed, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is protected and handled in accordance with legal requirements and as described in this Privacy Policy. 5.4	We generally store your personal information for as long as is reasonably required to enable us to meet your needs.
We keep membership records and other personal information on file to enable us to undertake statistical and historical analysis and reporting. As part of our data security, we regularly backup and archive our electronic databases.5.5	By continuing to be a member or by providing personal contact information required by Norton White (e.g. applying/renewing membership or requesting a service by or on behalf of Norton White), you consent to Norton White storing, using and disclosing your information as set out in this Privacy Policy.Direct Marketing6.1	Australian privacy law limits the use of personal information for direct marketing of goods and services.6.2	We use your personal information to keep you informed about conferences, services, products and publications offered by Norton White and our members, sponsors and partners.6.3	Where we send you direct marketing material we provide you with the ability to ‘opt-out’ of receiving all or some of this material in future.Access and Correction of Personal Information7.1	You may access personal information we hold about you at any time and to correct any errors in such information. You can access and seek correction of any incorrect personal information by emailing contact@nortonwhite.com. Unless the access you request will require special steps or significant time or resources, there will be no charge for providing you with this access. We will update or correct your information as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving your email.Disclosure to Overseas Recipients8.1	In addition to the use from time to time of data storage and cloud providers, we may provide data to overseas bodies. For example, we may exchange member information between Norton White and other aviation associations. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is protected and handled in accordance with legal requirements and as described in this Privacy Policy.Contact and Complaints9.1	Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have a concern or issue in relation to how we collect, store, use or disclose your personal information.We can be contacted by post at the following address:The Privacy OfficerNorton WhiteLevel 4, 66 Hunter StreetSydney NSW 20009.2	You may make a complaint or inquiry in relation this Privacy Policy, the Australian Privacy Principles or your privacy rights.
We will acknowledge receipt of any complaint within 10 business days and will endeavour to provide you with a written response within 30 business days of receipt of your written query. There may be instances where this is not possible due to the contents of the complaint. In such circumstances, we will respond to your complaint in a reasonable and practical time. You may wish to contact the Australian Information Commissioner by emailing enquiries@oaic.gov.au if you are not satisfied with the outcome.