https://www.scytl.com/en/privacy-policy/
1. OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY:
Your privacy is important to us. Hereby SCYTL, including our subsidiaries and affiliates (“SCYTL” or “we”) informs the users of SCYTL’s information collection practices and the choices Users can make about the way your information is collected and used.
2. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT:
Users can visit this website, and use associated SCYTL technologies, without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may gather information from Users. Personal information like your name, postal address and e-mail address is obtained only when voluntarily submitted via the contact form. SCYTL collects this information in several ways:
•    Through contact forms.
•    As part of an ongoing sales process
•    Through automated means such as communications protocols, e-mail communications and cookies
3. WEB SERVER LOGS:
In the process of administering this site, we maintain and track usage through Web server logs. Web server logs provide information such as what types of browsers are accessing our site, what pages receive high traffic, and the times of day our servers experience significant load. We use this information to improve the content and navigation features of our site. Anonymized or aggregated forms of this data may be used to identify future features and functions to develop for the site and to provide better customer service.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION:
This Website permits anonymous navigation; therefore no registration is required and no personal data is requested.
The only personal data that may be requested in this Website are those that the Users may declare when accessing to CONTACT section of this Website.
In accordance with GDPR and LOPD, SCYTL informs Users that their personal data are subject to automatized processing and stored in a filing system created by and for SCYTL, under its responsibility. Users may exercise their access, rectification, cancellation and opposition rights to the processing of their personal data before SCYTL by:
•    Request sent by email to privacy@scytl.com
•    or by post mail, addressing a signed letter to
Scytl Election Technologies S.L.
Security Department,
Carrer Enric Granados 84, 08008-Barcelona (Spain).
The request shall contain the following details:
•    name and surname of the Users,
•    address for notices,
•    copy of the National ID Card or passport,
•    and the specific petition with regard to rights.
SCYTL shall respect the secrecy and rightful treatment of the Users personal data so as to impede the alteration, lost or non-authorized access to such personal data.
5. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION:
SCYTL does not provide personal data to any third party.
6. OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY:
Scytl is concerned about the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption technology when collecting or transferring sensitive data.
7. OUR WORLDWIDE PRACTICES:
SCYTL is a global corporation with subsidiaries and business partners in many countries, and with technical systems that cross borders. Our privacy practices are designed to protect your personal information all over the world.
8. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY:
If there are updates to the terms of SCYTL’ online Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here and update the revision date in this document so that you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have.
9. HOW TO CONTACT US:
Should you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, you may e-mail us at: privacy@scytl.com. You may also contact us via postal mail at the following address:
Scytl Election Technologies S.L.
Security Department,
Carrer Enric Granados 84, 08008-Barcelona (Spain).
This Website uses its own cookies and third parties’ cookies, either session or persistent cookies which are necessary for the performance of the Website or which have an analytical and statistical objective. If you continue browsing, we consider that you accept its use.For further information click here.
Accept