https://www.kanekessler.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Kane Kessler, P.C. (“Kane Kessler”, “we” or “us”) website.  We recognize the importance of your privacy and are pleased to provide this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to let you know how we collect and use information about visitors to our website (the “website”). This Privacy Policy does not address information obtained through offline seminars, conferences, or other events, from an attorney’s personal contacts, or any source other than the website.  Kane Kessler reserves the right to change this privacy policy or legal terms and conditions without notice by posting the revised policy or terms here.
How we collect personally identifiable information (“PII”)
Kane Kessler does not collect PII from users except (1) information provided to us by your web browser and (2) information you provide to us in the form of e mail, online forms, or other responses.
“Cookies” are data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website and are used for record keeping purposes. Many sites use cookies to make web visits easier; for instance, cookies are used to save passwords, addresses and the like. Your browser is probably set-up to accept cookies, although you can disable this function if you want. Please note that if you disable the cookie function it is possible that you will not be able to view certain site functionality. Kane Kessler does not use cookies.
Because it is not possible to predict all ways in which information might be provided to us through our website, we can provide no assurance that any PII you choose to provide to us via our website will be maintained as private. You should not submit private or confidential information to us via the website.
How we use your personal information
We may use your PII to respond to your inquiries and communicate with you. We may also use your PII in other ways related to the purposes for which you provided the information.
If you sign up to receive newsletters or publications, or contact us through the “Contact Us” link, we use the information you provide to send you the communications you request and/or respond to your inquiry, and may also use the information to communicate with you about other topics we believe may be of interest to you.
Certain pages on our websites may contain “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow us or third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, and the type of browser used to view the page.
How we share PII
Kane Kessler will not sell, share, or otherwise disclose any of the PII it collects about you, except as described in this Privacy Policy or with your permission.
We may engage third party companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf, including without limitation, to facilitate our website, provide the website on our behalf, and perform website-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the website’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our website is used. These third parties may have access to your PII. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
We may also disclose information about you that we have collected via the website to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Kane Kessler or any third parties, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable.
We reserve the right to transfer information we have about you and that we have collected via the website in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use PII you have provided through our website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
Kane Kessler does not knowingly collect PII from children under age 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with PII without their consent, he or she should contact us at info@kanekessler.com.
Control of your PII
If you would like to update your contact information or preferences, or if you would like to have your information removed from our mailing list, please contact us by e-mailing us at info@kanekessler.com.
When you receive certain electronic materials from us you may make use of any “opt out” provision in such communications so that we know that you no longer wish to receive such materials from us.
To the extent required by law, we provide users with (i) reasonable access to the PII they provide through the websites, and (ii) the ability to review, correct and delete such PII. To help protect your privacy, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your information.
COVID-19 Resource CenterGet the Latest Updates HereX