http://www.weprobateflorida.com/disclaimer-terms-of-use-privacy-statement/
TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY STATEMENT
Thank you for visiting WeProbateFlorida.com, the website of the LD Legal, LLC. This website was created by the LD Legal, LLC so that you could learn more about the legal services that we offer. This is for informational purposes only. None of the information at this website is intended to constitute, nor does it constitute, legal advice, and none of the information necessarily reflects the opinions of the LD Legal, LLC, its attorneys or clients.
This information is not intended to create an attorney-client relationship between the LD Legal, LLC and the visitors of the website. Neither the transmission nor receipt of this website material will create an attorney-client relationship between sender and receiver. The material contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to particular factual or legal circumstances. We do not undertake to update any material in our website to reflect subsequent legal or other developments. Internet subscribers and online readers should not act on this information without seeking professional counsel.
We have written this “Terms of Use and Privacy Statement” (referred to below as the “Terms of Use”) to outline the conditions under which this website is being made available to you. Read the Terms of Use carefully. By using this Website, you will be deemed to have accepted them. If you do not accept the Terms of Use, you are directed to discontinue accessing or otherwise using the Website or any materials obtained from it.
Legal Notice and Disclaimers
The information provided on WeProbateFlorida.com is not intended to be legal advice, but merely conveys general information related to legal issues commonly encountered. This information is not intended to create any legal relationship between the LD Legal, LLC or any attorney and the user. Neither the transmission nor receipt of these website materials will create an attorney-client relationship between sender and receiver.
The information is not guaranteed to be correct, complete, or current. We make no warranty, expressed or implied, about the accuracy or reliability of the information at this website or at any other website to which this site is linked.
This website is not intended to create and does not create an attorney-client relationship between the user and the LD Legal, LLC. An attorney-client relationship with us cannot be formed by reading the information at this website. The only way to become our client is through a mutual agreement in a formal letter. This website is not soliciting clients and does not propose any type of transaction. You should not act or rely on any information at this website without seeking the advice of an attorney. The determination of whether you need legal services and your choice of a lawyer are very important matters that should not be based on websites or advertisements.
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND The LD Legal, LLC EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
The LD Legal, LLC DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY, OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR ANY WAY RELATED TO (A) ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO TECHNICAL INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, (B) ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITES OR CONTENT THEREIN DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ACCESSED THROUGH LINKS IN THIS SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS THEREFROM, (C) THE UNAVAILABILITY OF THIS SITE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, (D) YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, OR (E) YOUR USE OF ANY EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE.
Personal Information Submitted to the Website
Any information that you send us in an email message might not be confidential or privileged. The LD Legal, LLC makes effort to protect personal information submitted by users of the website, including through the use of firewalls and other security measures on our servers. However, no server is 100 percent secure, and you should take this into account when submitting personal or confidential data about yourself on any website, including this one.
Additionally, while the website does not gather your name, email address or similar information about you without your knowledge or consent, the website does permit you to voluntarily submit data about yourself so that we can provide you with requested services. The information gathered will be incorporated into our mailing database and will not be sold to third parties for marketing purposes. At your request, we will remove your personal information from our files.
If you are interested in having us represent you, you should call us so we can determine whether the matter is one for which we are willing or able to accept professional responsibility. We will not make this determination by email communication.
The telephone numbers for our office are listed in this website. We reserve the right to decline any representation. We may be required to decline representation if it would create a conflict of interest with our other clients.
Terms of Use may be modified by the firm
The LD Legal, LLC periodically changes, adds, or updates the material in this website without notice. The LD Legal, LLC assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the contents of this website. Your use of this website is at your own risk. Under no circumstances shall the LD Legal, LLC or any other party involved in the creation, production or delivery of this website be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any kind arising from your access to, or use of, this website.
Third-party websites
This website may occasionally contain links to third party websites for the convenience of our users. The LD Legal, LLC does not endorse any of these third party sites and does not intent to imply any association between the firm and the party(ies) involved. Furthermore, the LD Legal, LLC does not control these third party websites and cannot represent that their policies and practices will be consistent with these Terms of Use. If you use any links to websites not maintained by the LD Legal, LLC, you do so at your own risk. The LD Legal, LLC is not responsible for the contents or availability of any linked sites. These links are provided only as a convenience to the recipient.
Legal and Ethical Requirements
The LD Legal, LLC has tried to comply with all legal and ethical requirements in compiling this website. We do not want to represent clients based on their review of any portion of this website that does not comply with legal or ethical requirements.
To the extent that the professional responsibility rules of any jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office or an attorney responsible for this website, the LD Legal, LLC designates its office in Gainesville, Florida (USA).
State Advertising Disclaimers
Alabama: No representation is made that the quality of the legal services to be performed is greater than the quality of legal services performed by other lawyers.
Colorado: Colorado does not certify attorneys as specialists in any field.
Florida: The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience.
Iowa: The determination of the need for legal services and the choice of a lawyer are extremely important decisions and should not be based solely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise. This disclosure is required by rule of the Supreme Court of Iowa.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC: Memberships and offices in legal fraternities and legal societies, technical and professional licenses, and memberships in scientific, technical and professional associations and societies of law or field of practice do not mean that a lawyer is a specialist or expert in a field of law, nor do they mean that such a lawyer is necessarily any more expert or competent than any other lawyer. All potential clients are urged to make their own independent investigation and evaluation of any lawyer being considered. This notice is required by rule of the Supreme Court of Iowa.
Kentucky and Oregon: THIS IS AN ADVERTISEMENT.
Mississippi: The Mississippi Supreme Court advises that a decision on legal services is important and should not be based solely on advertisements.
Missouri: Neither the Supreme Court of Missouri nor the Missouri Bar reviews or approves certifying organizations or specialist designations.
Nevada: The State Bar of Nevada does not certify any lawyer as a specialist or expert.
New Mexico: LAWYER ADVERTISEMENT.
Tennessee: None of the attorneys in this firm are certified as a Civil Trial, Criminal Trial, Business Bankruptcy, Consumer Bankruptcy, Creditor’s Rights, Medical Malpractice, Legal Malpractice, Accounting Malpractice, Estate Planning or Elder Law specialist by the Tennessee Commission on Continuing Legal Education and Specialization. Certification as a specialist in all other listed areas is not currently available in Tennessee.
Texas: Unless otherwise stated, our attorneys claiming certification in an area of law are not certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization.
Wyoming: The Wyoming State Bar does not certify any lawyer as a specialist or expert. Anyone considering a lawyer should independently investigate the lawyer’s credentials and ability, and not rely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise.
Lawyer’s Listings
The information in the directory of lawyers is provided by the listees. The LD Legal, LLC does not warrant the validity of the information, nor does it guarantee the quality of the work product.
The determination of the need for legal services and the choice of a lawyer are extremely important decisions and should not be based solely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise. The LD Legal, LLC does not review the contents of the listings, which are provided by the listees or any links; the LD Legal, LLC is not responsible for any material or information contained in the linked sites or provided by listees.
A description or indication of limitation of practice by a lawyer does not mean that any agency or board has certified such lawyer as a specialist or expert in any indicated field of law practice, nor does it mean that such lawyer is necessarily any more expert or competent than any other lawyer.
All potential clients are urged to make their own independent investigation and evaluation of any lawyer being considered.
Ownership, License & Restrictions On Use
As between the LD Legal, LLC and you, all right, title and interest (including all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights) in this website belongs to the LD Legal, LLC, its licensors, or listees. In addition, the names, images, pictures, logos and icons identifying LD Legal, LLC‘s products and services in many countries are proprietary marks of the LD Legal, LLC and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. Except as expressly provided below, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, under copyright or other intellectual property rights.
You are hereby granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited license to view and use information retrieved from this website provided solely for your personal, informational, non-commercial purposes, and provided you do not remove or obscure the copyright notice or other notices. Except as expressly provided above, no part of this website, including but not limited to materials retrieved there from and the underlying code, may be reproduced, republished, copied, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means. In no event shall materials from this website be stored in any information storage and retrieval system without prior written permission from the LD Legal, LLC.
Use, duplication, or disclosure by or for the United States Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in DFARS 252.227-7013 (c)1)(ii) and FAR 52.227-19.
Limitation Of Liability
A covered party (as defined below) shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and lost profits or savings) in any way due to, resulting from, or arising in connection with this site, including its content, regardless of any negligence of any covered party. “covered party” means that the LD Legal, LLC, its affiliates, its listees, and any officer, director, employee, subcontractor, agent, successor, or assign of the LD Legal, LLC, its affiliates, and its listees.
Governing laws in case of dispute; jurisdiction
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, USA, as they apply to agreements made and solely performed therein. Disputes arising hereunder shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the federal courts of the United States of America and/or the state courts of Florida and jurisdiction therefore shall rest solely in Florida, USA.
Entire Agreement; Severability
These Terms of Use incorporate by reference any notices contained on this Site and constitute the entire agreement with respect to your access to and use of this Site. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect their validity and enforceability.
Material available in the WeProbateFlorida.com website is protected by copyright law. Copyright © 2010te
LD Legal, LLC & WeProbateFlorida.com. All rights reserved.
Florida
Need reasons to contact us?
How about 800 of them?
We have helped over 800 clients effectively and efficiently handle their probate cases.
It’s a completely free, zero-obligation, 20-minute phone consultation.
Learn ASAP if probate is really necessary.
We try to give everyone a workable solution for their specific case (including solutions that don’t require an attorney).
Fill out the form and you automatically get a free copy of our probate ebook (see more below).
Send us an email (We'll respond!)
Free for 20 minutes.
Learn if you need probate.
Please prove you are human by selecting the
Flag.
By submitting this message, I understand that I will not be charged for response via email or phone to my message and I am not forming an attorney client relationship.
INSTANT DOWNLOAD: Understanding Florida Probate Law
In addition to setting up your free phone consultation, you’ll also receive a free copy to our popular ebook, “Understanding Florida Probate Law” (downloaded over 5,000 times since 2008). Inside you'll learn more about:
Types of probate
Real world probate scenarios
When probate makes sense
Be sure to check your SPAM/JUNK folder to make sure you locate our email with the instant download!
Search
From the Probate FAQ…
What are "Letters of Administration"?
How much does probate cost?
What is Formal Administration?
What is Summary Administration?
Do I need to come to Florida for probate?
If the Will says I'm the Personal Representative, why do I need probate?
What are the risks of starting probate too soon?
Do I need probate if there is no Will?
Do I actually need probate?
Recent Posts
2020 REVIEW: How to Choose between Formal Administration or Summary Administration in Florida
Video: Does a Last Will & Testament Avoid Probate??
Should You Publish a Notice to Creditors Even When Probate is Not Necessary?
Keep Your Timeshare Out of
a Probate Nightmare
How to Avoid Losing an Inheritance to a Florida Medicaid Claim
Type and Press “enter” to Search