http://www.nawic.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how NAWIC uses and protects any information that you give NAWIC when you use this website in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018 and such other domestic legislation that supplements and / or implements the GDPR (the Data Protection Legislation).
NAWIC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
NAWIC may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25 of May 2018.
We may collect the following information from you directly:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests Other information relevant to customer surveys
Why do we need this information?
We require this information for general membership administration and for the purpose of collecting our membership fees.
We also need this information for communication purposes and for marketing our events.
We will periodically send emails with NAWIC updates on events, services or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for NAWIC research purposes.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
In most circumstances we will need to collect and process your personal data as we have a legitimate interest to be able to administer NAWIC membership and membership fees, communicate with members, research matters relevant to NAWIC and customise the website. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes we have outlined above.  Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request");
rectification of your personal information if it is inaccurate;
object to us processing your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest and you believe that your interests override this;
temporarily restrict our processing of your personal information, for example where you believe the information may be inaccurate or we may not have grounds for processing it;
erasure of your personal information, if we do not have grounds for continuing to process it;
ask us to send you, or another organisation, certain types of personal information about you in a format that can be read by computer;
withdraw your consent to our processing your personal information, where our processing is based on your consent.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell or lease your personal information to third parties. We may share your personal information to marketing platforms such as MailChimp for the administration of our events.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation.
We will not usually transfer your personal data outside of the EEA. In some cases we use providers who host information in the United States but we ensure that they have the appropriate security in place and are registered with the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.
As set out above, you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under The Data Protection Legislation. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to chair@nawic.co.uk. You also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), which is the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Membership
Already a member? Please sign in here.
Not yet a remember? Why not join here?
Footer menu
Home
Contact NAWIC
Privacy policy
Copyright NAWIC 2020 · All rights reserved