https://www.hellomagazine.com/subscription-terms-conditions.html
HELLO! Magazine Terms and Conditions
By using this website you agree to accept these website terms of use.
If you do not agree with these terms, you should exit immediately.
Subscription Terms and Conditions
UK subscriptions may not include promotional items, supplements or updated versions available on certain issues at retail outlets. All orders will be acknowledged and you will be advised of the start issue within 14 days. Certain subscription offers for new subscribers may include a free gift. These gifts will not be available for magazines delivered to overseas addresses. Gifts are subject to availability and strictly limited on a first come first serve basis. Should we run out of the listed item you may be offered an alternative product. Overseas subscriptions are for the magazine only and do not include promotional items or supplements available on certain issues in the UK. For more information please refer to Terms and Conditions specified on the applicable offer.
In certain circumstances a magazine subscription may be cancelled during the subscription term and a refund of any unmailed issues will be made. Refunds will be a bank cheque only. All offers are for new subscriptions only and cannot be used in conjunction with any other subscription offers or to renew an existing subscription. The minimum subscription term is 12 issues unless otherwise specified. All savings are based on the basic UK cover price of HELLO!. For UK subscription enquiries, please telephone 01858 438430. For overseas subscription enquiries, call +44 (0)1858 438430.
In compliance with the provisions of the current regulations on Protection of Personal Data, we inform you that your personal data will be processed by HELLO Ltd as Data Controller for the purpose of administrative, tax and accounting management of your print subscription. Likewise, we inform you that except under legal obligation or through your express consent that HELLO! Ltd will not transfer your data to any third parties.
You have the right to obtain confirmation of whether we are processing your personal data at HELLO! Ltd, and also the right to access your personal data, to rectify inaccurate data or request its deletion when the data is no longer necessary as well as exercising other rights explained in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, please visit our website hellomagazine.com or contact@hellomagazine.com.
Content Rights
The copyright and all other rights in all of the material contained on, in or available through this website are owned by HELLO! Ltd, or the material is included with the permission of the rights owner.
www.hellomagazine.com is made available for your own, personal use. You may not use this website for any manner or for any purpose which is illegal or unauthorized or for any commercial purpose whatsoever. You may not use, copy, reproduce, modify, edit, publish, redistribute, transmit, commercially exploit, store or upload the content on this website without the prior written consent of HELLO! Ltd.
The Information on this Site
Whilst we try to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and complete, HELLO! Ltd does not accept any liability arising from any inaccuracy or omission in the information on this site. We advise you to verify the accuracy of any information before relying on it. All content and functionality on this website is provided on an "as is" basis.
LOG IN
Log out
UK
United Kingdom UK
United StatesUS
Canada CA
Russia RU
ThailandTH
GreeceGR
SpainES MexicoMX USA US
Select Edition
UK EDITION
US EDITION
Celebrities
Celeb news
Celebrity babies
Celebrity couples
Royalty
Royal news
The Queen
Kate Middleton
Meghan Markle
Prince William
Prince Harry
Prince George
Princess Charlotte
Prince Charles
Prince Louis
British Royals
Fashion
Fashion home
Fashion News
Celebrity style
Royal style
Hello! Fashion
Lifestyle
Food
Weddings
Parenting
Health & fitness
Travel
Beauty
Makeup
Skincare
Hair
TV & Film
Film
What's on TV
This Morning
Loose Women
Good Morning Britain
What to Watch
Strictly Come Dancing
Kindness
Kindness
Empowerment
Good News
HELLO! NEWSLETTER
Notification settings
© 2000-2020, HELLO!
LOG IN
Log out
HELLO!, Royal and celebrity news
Subscribe to HELLO! Magazine
Follow
SUBSCRIPTIONS
Select Edition
UK EDITION
US EDITION
Activate HELLO! alerts and find out about everything before anyone else.
No, Thanks
Yes, I want