http://www.pazerandepstein.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Pazer, Epstein, Jaffe & Fein, PC
menu
free consultations
(212) 227-1212
Let us fight for you.
Contact us today.
Full Name*Phone Number*Email Address*
Describe your accident*EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
* required fields
Home
About
Firm Overview
Testimonials
Attorneys
Matthew J. Fein
Michael Jaffe
Eugene Gozenput
Mark Jay Epstein
View All
Practice Areas
Construction Accidents attorney
Medical Malpractice Lawyer
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Premise Liability Attorney
Serious Injuries
Wrongful Death Lawyer
Other Liabilities
View All
Case Results
Union Strong
Firm News
Contact Us
Se Habla Español
(212) 227-1212
Se Habla Español
free consultations
(212) 227-1212
Home
About
Firm Overview
Testimonials
Attorneys
Matthew J. Fein
Michael Jaffe
Eugene Gozenput
Mark Jay Epstein
View All
Practice Areas
Construction Accidents attorney
Medical Malpractice Lawyer
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Premise Liability Attorney
Serious Injuries
Wrongful Death Lawyer
Other Liabilities
View All
Case Results
Union Strong
Firm News
Contact Us
menu
we fight your fight
NEW YORK PERSONAL INJURY ATTORNEYS
Serving Queens, Bronx, Brooklyn, Staten Island, Manhattan, Long Island & Westchester
request your free consultation
request your free consultation
Practice AreasConstruction Accidents
Construction Accidents Overview
Ladder & Scaffolding Lawyer
Work Site Injury Lawyer
Medical Malpractice
Medical Malpractice Overview
Birth Injuries Lawyer
Failure to Diagnose Lawyer
Medication Errors Lawyer
Surgical Errors Lawyer
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Boating Accident Lawyer
Mass Transit Accident Lawyer
Motor Vehicle Accidents Lawyer
Pedestrian Accidents Lawyer
Subway & Bus Accident Lawyer
Taxi Accidents Lawyer
Trucking Accidents Lawyer
Uber & Lyft Accidents Lawyer
Premises Liability
Premises Liability Overview
Apartment Liability Lawyer
Ceiling Collapse Lawyer
College Campus Accidents Lawyer
Commercial Property Accidents Lawyer
Dog Bite Lawyer
Elevator Accidents Lawyer
Landlord Negligence Lawyer
Sidewalk Defects Lawyer
Staircase & Stairway Accidents Lawyer
Workplace Safety Lawyer
Serious Injuries
Serious Injury Overview
Burn Injury Lawyer
Fracture & Joint Injury Lawyer
Head Injury Lawyer
Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy & Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Lawyer
Spinal Cord Injury Lawyer
Other Liabilities
Clergy Abuse Lawyer
Municipal Liability Lawyer
Civil Rights & Police Brutality Lawyer
Product Liability Lawyer
School Accidents Lawyer
Snow & Ice Slip and Fall Lawyer
Wrongful Death Lawyer
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to information collected online
from users of this website. In this policy, you can learn what kind of
information we collect, when and how we might use that information, how we
protect the information, and the choices you have with respect to your personal
information.
What personal information is collected through this website
and how is it used?
We collect information
about our users in three ways: directly
from the user, from our Web server logs and through cookies. We use the
information primarily to provide you with a personalized Internet experience
that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant
and helpful to you. We don’t share any of the information you provide with
others, unless we say so in this Privacy Policy, or when we believe in good
faith that the law requires it.
User-supplied information: If you fill out the contact form on this
website, we will ask you to provide some personal information (such as e-mail
address, name, phone number and state). We only require that you provide an e-mail address on the contact form. Further,
if chat is available through this site, you may be asked to provide information
if you participate in an online chat. Please do not submit any confidential,
proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information (e.g. Social
Security Number; date of birth; drivers license number; or credit card, bank
account or other financial information) (collectively, “Sensitive
Information”). If you submit any Sensitive Information, you do so at your own
risk and we will not be liable to you or responsible for consequences of your
submission.
Information that you
provide to us through the contact form or an online chat will be used so that we
may respond to your inquiry. We may also use information you provide to us to
communicate with you in the future. If you do not wish to receive such
communications, you may opt out (unsubscribe) as described below.
Web server logs: When you visit our
website, we may track information about your visit and store that information
in web server logs, which are records of the activities on our sites. The servers
automatically capture and save the information electronically. Examples of the
information we may collect include:
your unique Internet protocol address;
the name of your unique Internet service provider;
the town/city, county/state and country from which you access our website;
the kind of browser or computer you use;
the number of links you click within the site;
the date and time of your visit;
the web page from which you arrived to our site;
the pages you viewed on the site; and
certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website(s).
The
information we collect in web server logs helps us administer the site, analyze
its usage, protect the website and its content from inappropriate use and
improve the user’s experience.
Cookies: In order to offer and
provide a customized and personal service, our websites and applications may
use cookies to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply
small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored
on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to help remind us who you are and
to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies allow us to save
passwords and preferences for you so you won’t have to re-enter them each time
you visit.
The
use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to
accept cookies. However, if you prefer, you can set your browser to either notify
you when you receive a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should
understand that some features of many sites may not function properly if you
don’t accept cookies.
How is personal information protected?
We take certain appropriate
security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental
loss and from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, we cannot
guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security
measures.
Who has access to the information?
We
will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other user data to others, and
we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated
parties, except as follows:
to agents, website vendors and/or contractors who may use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with us;
if we are unable to assist with your matter, but know an unaffiliated attorney or firm that may be able to help you, we may refer you and share information you provided us with that party; and
as required by law, in a matter of public safety or policy, as needed in connection with the transfer of our business assets (for example, if we are acquired by another firm or if we are liquidated during bankruptcy proceedings), or if we believe in good faith that sharing the data is necessary to protect our rights or property.
How can I correct, amend or
delete my personal information and/or opt out of future communications?
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any
time. Contact us via the phone number,
contact form or mailing address on our website at any time to:
see what data we have about you, if any;
change/correct any data we have about you;
ask us to delete any data we have about you; and/or
opt out of future communications from us.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this
privacy policy, please contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing
address listed on this website. If our information practices change in a
significant way, we will post the policy changes here.
Effective March 1, 2012
requestyour freeconsultation
Let us fight for you.
Contact us today.
Full Name*Phone Number*Email Address*
Describe your accident*NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
* required fields
new yorklocation
new york
20 Vesey Street, Suite 700
New York, NY 10007
get directions
(212) 227-1212
© 2020 All Rights Reserved To Pazer, Epstein, Jaffe & Fein, P.C. | DISCLAIMER | Privacy Policy
long islandlocation
long island
1776 East Jericho Turnpike
Huntington, NY 11743
get directions
(631) 864-2429