http://www.believer.com/index.php/65-ministry-information/general/349-policies
Home
Bible Studies
Where Do I Start?
Do You Know The Savior?
How Can I Be Saved?
Where Should I Start Reading?
How To Enjoy The Bible
Download E-Sword Bible Software
Using this Website
Change Style
Subscribe to our Newsletter
About Us
Study Sections
The Great Mystery Revealed
Right Division
Christian Life
Heaven
Death & The Great Lie
Christian Family
Christian Walk
Rules For Biblical Research
Additional Teachings
Teaching eBooks
The Eternal Purpose
Bible History
How Did We Get The Word?
What And Where Are The Original Manuscripts?
Believer Questions
Most Popular Questions
Additional Questions
How Do I Start Teaching My Children The Word Of God
Children's Bible Stories Presented Without Tradition
Believer's Bible
Bible Reader
Inspiration
Verse Of The Day
Ephesians 1:1Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus:Click here for related Bible Study
Study Of The Day
The Saints And The FaithfulClick for Study
Question Of The Day
Who are The Saints and The Faithful?Click for Study
Subscribe To The Good-News Letter
Store
Sharing
Donations
Free Books
Styles
Preset 1
Preset 2
Preset 3
Preset 4
Preset 5
Preset 6
Preset 7
Preset 8
Preset 9
Preset 10
Preset 11
Preset 12
Help
Change Style
About Us
Contact Us
Who We Are
Believer.com is a Biblical Research and Teaching Ministry as well as a Fellowship Center for believers everywhere to share what The Holy Spirit has taught them.  Our goal is to build an online community and Scripture based library that reveals God's Truth, not the traditions and commandments of men.
Read the Full Story
Right Division
We believe the one great requirement of the Word is grounded on the
fact that it
is "the Word of Truth." And this fact is so stated as to
imply that,
unless the Word is thus rightly divided we shall not get
"truth"; and
that we shall get its truth only in proportion to the
measure in which
we divide it rightly.
Read the Full Story
Truth Versus Tradition
The
Apostle Paul warns us about the traditions of men that are not
after God
as The Lord Jesus Christ Himself warned His people that their
traditions were put before The Word of God.  See Mat. 15:3, Mark
7:6-13.
Read the Full Story
The Great Secret
Ephesians 3:9  And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ:
This Scripture is the calling of our ministry and the Great Secret The Father wants His children to know but what the Great Secret might be is still a mystery to many.
Read the Full Story
Fellowship With Others
Fellowship with like minded believers is a goal at Believer.com, with over fourty one thousand different denominations it's getting more difficult to be a true believer because of the varying doctrines that surround The Faith.  By rightly dividing the Word of Truth all believers can do what God's Word commands:
Read the Full Story
Believer Friends List
The Believer.com  social network will have a tremendous growth in membership. New members will keep coming in and at some point; it becomes harder to interact with everyone. Friend Lists or Friend Groups to the rescue!
Read the Full Story
Study The WORD
Today God asks us to do very little compared to days gone by.  He does not ask us to fight with metal swords nor to eat only specific foods or to observe feasts, oblations and offerings but He does ask us to study.  We believe every one who names the Name of Christ Jesus our Lord needs to study and search out The Truth from God's Perfect Word and that The Holy Spirit is in the world to comfort and guide us as we study to show ourselves approved of God.
Read the Full Story
Smart Phone Compatible
Believer.com supports mobile viewing on the iPhone, Android and others, offering an intuitive mobile browsing experience for Believers everywhere.
Read the Full Story
Truth Versus Tradition
Read More
Right Division
Read More
The Great Secret
Read More
Fellowship With Others
Read More
‹
1
2
›
Member Login
Friday, December 11, 2020
More Information
Fellowship with Others
At Believer.com we are becoming of one love, one purpose, one mind. Phil. 2:2
Learn God's Word and Share It
Pray with Believers and for Believers
Search God's Word with Guidance
Invite Friends and Family to Share
Reach out and help Believers around the World
Discover His Truth for Today and Always
Policies
Published: 03 February 2011
Written by Believer.com
Hits: 617035
Print
Email
Privacy Policy
Statement of Privacy: Thank you for visiting Believer.com. We are committed to the privacy of our visitors. We collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our Web site.
Information collected and stored automatically: If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store information like the following concerning your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain);
Your IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our Web site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to our Web site from another Web site, the address of that Web site.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors, to learn about the number of visitors to our site, and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
Information protection: For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, our system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. If such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act or other law.
Information that you voluntarily provide: We do not collect personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide it to us. If you provide us with personally identifiable information, for example, by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our Web site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information and services that you request.
Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the stated purpose. When you click the “Submit” button on any of the Web forms found on our sites, you are indicating your voluntary consent to use of the information you submit for the purpose stated.
How information is used: The information we collect is used for a variety of purposes (e.g., to respond to requests for information, and to fill orders). We make every effort to disclose clearly how information is used at the point where it is collected so you can determine whether you wish to provide the information.
Retention of Information: We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute or official policy. Electronically submitted information is maintained and destroyed according to the principles of the Federal Records Act.
Also,
Believer.com is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by non-Believer.com sites that may link to the Believer.com web site or non-Believer.com sites hosted on Believer.com computers (e.g. web sites of professional organizations).
Cookies: “Cookies” are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session (“session cookies”) or saved on a user’s hard drive in order to identify that user, or information about that user, the next time the user logs on the a Web site (“persistent cookies”). This Web site does not use persistent cookies or any other persistent tracking technology.
Currently, we are using session cookies as part of a Web customer satisfaction surveys we are conducting or in the processing of your order. The sole purpose of the session cookies is to cause the survey or order information to be displayed to make your experience easier and more enjoyable. Believer.com does not retain any information collected by these session cookies. Session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of a session, that is, when you close your browser. Additional privacy information related to the survey or order is available from a link on the survey or order itself.
Interaction with children: This Web site offers some educational content which may be of value to children under 13. No personally identifiable information is collected from these visitors unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services. The information supplied is used to respond to the user’s inquiries or to provide services requested by the user.
Links to other sites: Our Web site contains links to various other agencies and private organizations. Once you link to another site, you are then subject to the privacy policies of the new site. It is always a good idea to read the Privacy Policy of any site you visit.
Your right under the Privacy Act: Information on the Privacy Act can be found on the following web site: http://www.cftc.gov/foia/foiprivacyact.htm
Return/Refund/Cancellation Policy
You may return most new, unopened items sold and fulfilled by Believer.com within 30 days of delivery for a full refund. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.).
We'll notify you via e-mail of your refund once we've received and processed the returned/cancelled item. In most cases, we'll issue a refund in the same form of payment originally used for the purchase within 3 to 5 business days of our receiving your return. If you paid directly from your bank account, it may take up to 10 additional business days for the credit to be posted to your bank account. If you paid by check, it will take longer for you to receive the refund.
If the return and refund do not appear in Your Account within four weeks from the day you sent us your return, please This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. for further assistance.
Shipping Policy
Ordering an item from Believer.com? We can ship to virtually any address in the world. Note that there are restrictions on some products, and some products cannot be shipped to international destinations.
Delivery Time
Our eBooks are delivered electronically via the Internet so you will receive your Registration Key and instructions to download your eBook within just a few minutes delivered to your email account.
Our CD products are sent First Class US Mail and delivery varies from 2-7 days although international destinations can take considerably longer.
Our Book orders are shipped US Media Mail within the United States and can take 1-2 weeks to arrive.  We sometimes use Parcel Post on orders when it's more cost effective which can take 2 days to a week to arrive within the US and longer to international destinations.
We make all of our Bible products available as cost effectively and possible and have included shipping costs on the order page.  Our system is setup to use the costs and methods we have standardized on to provide the best service to all.  If you have a special request we will do our best to accommodate you and in special circumstances we may need to advise you of additional shipping costs before an order is sent.
Thank You
We are in our 31st year of teaching and speading God's Holy Word and the Father has blessed us beyond all we can ask or think.   In 1987 with the Fathers guidence and help we wrote the first  natural language Bible search tool and were featured on television and in newspapers which inspired many others to write Bible software.  In 1995 we launched Believer.com and our teachings have circled the globe spreading God's Truth for Todays Believer and insiring many other Christian groups to teach using this wonderful tool.
We are now asking for your help because we have a great need to expand our staff and fund a new teaching center as well and have the resourses to bring new research tools to the world.  We would like to bring audio and video podcasting to the believers as well as a whole new type of Bible research software capable of offering the vast amount of research from our libraries and the ability of believers everywhere to study together.  Imagine thousands of believers having access to their collective research and the research submitted and in the library.  Imagine being able for all to have there work checked and rechecked against the rules and guideposts contained in God's Word for right division and allowing the Bible to interprete itself.  Imagine hundeds even thousands of believers who with prayful disipline search and research the Bible together to find what God has to say to mankind through Jesus Christ.
Please help us bring more teachings and tools to believers everywhere by donating $2.00 or more and please enjoy and explore the principles we want to help bring to the world of right division in the free eBook How to Enjoy the Bible as our thanks for your love gift and please share it with others.
Let God Bless you by blessing this believer sponsered ministry. By visiting our Bookstore or clicking on one of the Donate buttons you with be able to securely donate with a credit card. Thank you for your interest in helping Believer.com
We are grateful to God for making available the information contained in the pages of Believer.com and we pray every day to be able to continue to bring to the Mystery Believers this work of love. Your donation will help keep this labor of love going. Share this post
Popular Areas
Bible Studies
Teachings from His Word
Inspiration
Ways to Enlighten Your Path
Friends
A Believers Social Network
Research
How To Study His Word
New Books
The Just
How To
Recent Studies
Three Spheres
There are three spheres of blessing, the earth, the heavenly city, and the position indicated in Ephesians 1, as "far above all". This aspect of truth is vital. It gathers up unto itself all that is distinctive in what is called Dispensational...
Which Heaven?
Heaven. There are five words employed in the Hebrew O.T. translated "heaven" and one Greek word so translated in the N.T. of the Hebrew words, galgal (Psa. 77:18) refers to the "rolling clouds", the word galgal being elsewhere rendered "wheel"...
The Mystery Announced
Up to the great divorce of Acts 28:25-28, both spiritual and material
blessings had to do with the earth, the land that was promised to
Abraham and to his descendants.
Even the New Jerusalem comes down to
the earth to be inhabited by a chosen...
Gathering Together Or Manifestation?
These are the hopes respectively of the dispensation of promise and the
mystery. The gathering together (some say rapture) concerns an earth people, who here on
the earth expect the coming of the King. Among those who go out to meet
Him at...
The Church Which Is In Heaven
"...the church which is His body, the fulness of Him that filleth all in all" (Ephesians 1:22-23).
Remember, after the book of Acts, the word church is never used in the
plural. Now there are many churches before the end of Acts while the...
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Contact Info
Believer Ministries Inc.
P.O. Box 500
Sutherlin, OR 97479 USA
Tel: (541) 459-4660
Ministry Information
The Word of God makes known The Lord Jesus Christ; Who declares to the Believer our Heavenly Father that we might know Him. God has revealed Himself not according to religious viewpoints but reveals Himself by the written Word.  The Light that illuminates our path makes it possible for all who are willing to walk with Him and to see His clear instructions to live victorious lives in Christian Faith and Practice.
Believer.com is a Bible Study Center whose goal is to base all of our posted teachings on Scripture and not the traditions and commandments of men.
Help Center
What We Believe
Frequently Asked Questions
Believer Bible
Disclaimer
PoliciesStatement of  Privacy, Return, Cancellation, Refund and Shipping
Contact Us
Text Size
Designed by Believer.com
Scroll To Top
Member Login
Login
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Create an account
Logout