http://www.ethicalscreening.co.uk/privacy-policy.aspx
Cookies
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website.
Accept All Cookies
Find out more
Cookie Portal
Manage and find out more about the cookies used on this website.
View Cookie Settings
Read Cookie Policy
Accept All Cookies and Close
Close Without Saving
< Back
This website has 3 types of cookies:
Your preferences will not take affect until the next page loads or this page is reloaded.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are required in order for you to use the website.
Feature Cookies
These cookies provide third-party features, such as Twitter.
Performance Cookies
These cookies help to improve the user experience of our website, such as tracking which pages are the most popular.
Save and Close
< Back
< Back
Cookie Policy
< Back
Home
Our Approach
Our Approach Ethical InvestingResponsible InvestingSustainable InvestingUN Sustainable Development Goals
Our Research
Our Research Our Research ProcessGeographical CoverageAccessing Our Knowledge Bank
Our Services
Our Services Charities & TrustsInvestment ManagersIndividual InvestorsFinancial Advisors
Our Team & Values
Our TeamOur ClientsMembershipsCorporate ResponsibilityCorporate Responsibility Report 2019Fair Tax Statement - 2020Modern Slavery Statement - 2019
News
Our Approach
Our Approach Ethical InvestingResponsible InvestingSustainable InvestingUN Sustainable Development Goals
Our Research
Our Research Our Research ProcessGeographical CoverageAccessing Our Knowledge Bank
Our Services
Our Services Charities & TrustsInvestment ManagersIndividual InvestorsFinancial Advisors
Our Team & Values
Our TeamOur ClientsMembershipsCorporate ResponsibilityCorporate Responsibility Report 2019Fair Tax Statement - 2020Modern Slavery Statement - 2019
News
twitter.com/Ethical_Screen
Home / Privacy Policy
Latest News
16
Nov
New Cannabis Screening Criteria
With the rise in legal cannabis investment opportunities, Ethical Screening has introduced new Cannabis screening criteria...
12
Nov
Ethical Screening renews its commitment to Fair Tax
Ethical Screening has been awarded the Fair Tax Mark for the third year in a row...
06
Nov
New Palm Oil Screening Criteria
Ethical Screening launches new screening criteria allowing investors to scrutinise company behaviour around the controversial topic of palm oil...
Privacy Policy
Ethical Screening is the trading name of Ethical & Environmental Screening Services Ltd. which is registered in England & Wales, with the company number 3633308, and our registered office is at Formal House, 60 St. George's Place, Cheltenham, GL50 3PN.
1.    INCORPORATION OF PRIVACY POLICY
1.1    Ethical & Environmental Screening Services t/a Ethical Screening (‘Company’) is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and the Company is compliant with the Data Protection Act 1998. This privacy policy (‘Privacy Policy’) explains how the Company uses the information the Company collects about you and the procedures that the Company has in place to safeguard your privacy.
1.2    By using the Company’s website http://www.ethicalscreening.com (‘Website’), the Ethical Fund Database and/or utilizing any of the Company’s services (all collectively as ‘Services’) set out in the Website, you consent to the Company using the information the Company collects about you. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions set out in this Privacy Policy, do not continue to use the Services and/or this Website.
2.     THE INFORMATION THE COMPANY COLLECTS AND HOW THE COMPANY USES IT
2.1    When you visit the Website or obtain any Services offered on the Website, the Company may collect information including your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, FSA registration number (for specific Services), type of Services obtained and such other relevant information which the Company deems necessary to process and fulfil your order in respect of the Services. This shall include:
2.1.1     verifying your professional credentials before permitting access to certain Services;
2.1.2     providing you with user names and access codes to online databases including the Ethical Fund Database; and
2.1.3     transmitting in a secure manner to third parties to assist the Company to provide you with the Services requested by you and to maintain the support services of the Company.
2.2    Subject to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, the Company protects all personal and financial data from being disclosed to any third parties except when required by law. In addition, the Company may use your information to assist in the prevention of unlawful activities e.g. money laundering or activities which threaten the Company’s Website or is adverse to your or the Company’s interest.
2.3    The Company may also use aggregate in-formation and statistics, (but, which will not contain your identifying information) for the purposes of monitoring your usage of the Website in order to help the Company develop the Website and the Services offered by the Company. The Company may provide such aggregate information to third parties.
2.4    The Company may collect information which is based upon your behaviour and navigation on the Website. This information allows the Company to carry out internal research on the users’ interest, demographics and behaviour so that the Company can better understand, and in turn provide better information, products and services to you and other customers.
2.5    The Company and entities within the Company’s group may also wish to provide you with information about special features featured on the Website or any other service or products the Company thinks may be of interest to you.
2.6    The Company may also want to provide you with related information from third parties which it thinks may be of interest to you.
2.7    If you do not wish the Company to send you any information set out in Clauses 2.5 to 2.6 above, please send an e-mail to enquiries@ethicalscreening.com
2.8    If you contact the Company, the Company may keep record of that correspondence.
2.9    Subject to the other provisions of this Privacy Policy and such other provisions specified on the Website, the Company will not provide your information to other companies or organisations without your consent.
3.    USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER INFORMATION GATHERING TECHNOLOGIES
3.1     Ethical Screening's website uses cookies, which are small pieces of data sent from a website and stored on users' computers by their web browser, while they are browsing.
If you use our website and agree to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies under the terms of this policy. To view or change your personal cookie settings, please go to our Manage Website Cookies page.
3.2     We use the non-persistent ASP.NET_SessionId cookie to establish a unique session for each user of our website.
This make our website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation, and maintaining users' access to the databases when they log in.
This session cookie lasts only for the duration of the users visit, and no personal data are obtained.
To read more about ASP.NET cookies visit the Microsoft Developer Network website.
Without this particular cookie our website cannot function properly and it cannot be disabled.
If you do not consent to the use of this cookie, you should not use this website.
3.3     We use Google Analytics to analyse and create reports about the use of our website to help us improve the user experience by, for example, tracking which pages are the most popular.
Google Analytics generates information by means of persistent cookies.
The analytics cookies used by our website are:
3.3.1    _ga registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how visitors use our website and expires after 2 years.
3.3.2    _gid registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how visitors use our website and expires after 24 hours.
3.3.3    _gat is used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate and expires after 10 minutes.
3.3.4    collect is a non-persistent cookie used by Google Analytics to collect data about the visitor's device and behaviour and track the them across devices and marketing channels. This is a session cookie and lasts only for the duration of the users visit.
Google Analytics' privacy policy is available here.
To read more about analytics cookies visit the Google Analytics developer website.
3.4    Our website has a link to Twitter, and a link to our own Twitter feed embedded in in the homepage. There are 2 non-persistent cookies associated with this:
3.4.1    lang remembers the user's selected language version of a website and lasts only for the duration of the users visit.
3.4.2    i/jot/syndication is unclassified and lasts only for the duration of the users visit.
3.5     In addition to the cookie control features on this website, most browsers also allow you to block cookies and your internet browser’s help files will give you instructions on how to do this. If you do block all cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website, such as logging into the databases, and the functionality of many other websites will be impaired.
3.6     You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer - please refer to your internet browser’s help files for instructions on how to do this.
Deleting cookies may impair the functionality of many websites.
3.7     Please note that links to external websites may lead to sites using cookies over which the Company has no control.
4.    PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
4.1    The internet is not a secure medium.  However, the Company has put in place various security procedures and strict policy rules to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorised and unlawful access and use. These security procedures and policy which are of the highest standards are continuously im-proved.
4.2    Notwithstanding the above, it should be ap-preciated that no system is entirely fool-proof and you should be careful when you reveal any confidential information to any third party.
5.    SALE OF COMPANY
5.1    If the Company and/or this part of its business is sold or integrated with another business, your details may be disclosed to the Company’s advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the Company.
6.    UPDATING YOUR DETAILS
6.1    If any of the information that you have pro-vided to the Company changes, for example if you change your e-mail address, name or payment details or if you wish to cancel your order, please let the Company know the correct details by sending an e-mail to enquiries@ethicalscreening.com
7.    OTHER TERMS
7.1    Owing to the global nature of the Internet infrastructure, the information you provide may be transferred in transit to countries outside the European Economic Area that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data and its use as set out in this Privacy Policy. However, the Company has taken the steps outlined above to try to improve the security of your information. By using the Website, you consent to these transfers.
7.2    The Company supplies links to other websites. If you click on a link, you are not protected by this Privacy Policy and you are advised to read the privacy policy of the other website as they may differ from this Privacy Policy.
7.3    The Company reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time as it deems necessary. In such event, the Company will post such changes on the Website.
7.4    You have the right at any time to ask the Company not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
7.5    You have the right to request details of per-sonal information which the Company holds about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee may be payable. If you want a copy of information held on you, please email enquiries@ethicalscreening.com
7.6    The Company welcomes your views about the Website and its privacy policy. If you would like to contact the Company with any queries or comments please send an e-mail to enquiries@ethicalscreening.com