http://www.mhb.com/privacy-policy
Mobile Menu
What We Do
Appeals
Civil Rights
Criminal Defense
Disability Rights
Employment
Fair Housing
Immigration
Personal Injury
Pregnancy Discrimination
Probate & Trust Litigation
Professional Licensing & Discipline
Public Records & FOIA
Sex & Race Harassment
Major Cases
Who We Are
News
Litigation
Immigration
Our History
Contact
Search
Law Pay
(206) 622-1604
Privacy Policy
MHB Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how MHB.com uses and protects any information that you give MHB.com when you use this website.
MHB.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
MHB.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 21, 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
NameEmail addressThe subject matter of inquiryA detailed description of inquiry
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keepingWe may use the information to improve our products and servicesWe may use the information to customize the website according to your interests
We will NEVER sell your information. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes, and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
* Name
* Email
How can we help?