https://www.spmcf.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Thank you for being part of the Saint Paul & Minnesota Foundation. The Foundation “Websites” encompass spmcf.org, frbigelow.org, mardag.org, fundaccess.spmcf.org, and grants.spmcf.org. We value your relationship with us. This privacy policy (this “Policy”) describes how we obtain and use information collected and made available to us through your use of our Websites, including Personal Information.
If you have any questions about our Policy, please contact us at info@spmcf.org or call 651.224.5463.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Policy was last revised in 2020. It describes the current policies and practices of the Foundation and its anchor affiliates with regard to the information we collect from visitors to these Websites. This Policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by “privacy notices” posted on our Websites. You should periodically review the Policy for any such supplements or amendments.
How We Define Personal Information
"Personal Information" is information about an identified or identifiable individual using our Websites. Your Personal Information may include your name, fund name, address and email address. Personal Information does not include data that has been made anonymous, aggregated, de-identified or otherwise rendered incapable of identifying an individual person.
What Information We Collect Through Our Websites
We collect Personal Information provided by you when you visit our Websites, such as the information you fill out to subscribe to a newsletter or sign up for an event. You voluntarily and knowingly provide this information to us. This information is not shared, except to the extent necessary to provide the services you request or to perform the services you have requested or agreed to and as described in this Policy.
In addition, we have access to, and may collect, the following information relating to the following areas.
IP address, which is an identifier assigned to your computer when you access the internet, and mobile device ID. The IP address may be the same or different each time you connect to the internet, depending on how you connect to the Internet, but this information does not identify you personally, unless you have provided us with Personal Information through an account you have created. We may also collect such other non-Personal Information, such as your internet service provider, the web browser used to visit the Websites (and available web browser settings), the time the Websites are visited, which web pages you visited on the Websites, and other anonymous Website usage data. Many websites, including these Websites, make use of cookies and/or similar technologies to place information about a visit to the Websites in a small data text file that is stored on your computer. In general, we may use cookies and other web technologies to:collect information about the ways you use our Website, which pages you visit, which links you use, and how long you stay on each page; or support the features and functionality of our Websites, for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits.How We Use Your Personal Information
The information collected through your use of the Websites, is used in the following manner:
to provide you with the information, products and services you request; to personalize your Websites experience; to provide reasonable customer service; to contact you with information and notices related to your use of our Websites, such as special offers, and other notices that may be of interest to you; to solicit your feedback or complete surveys relating to the Websites, and generally to improve the Websites;to provide nonprofits with knowledge of where fund grants are originating, unless anonymity is specifically requested;to provide security and fraud prevention; or to improve the functionality, reliability, and usability of the Websites.We use your Personal Information for the purposes for which it was provided. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personal Information. This does not include Website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We also may use Personal Information (in a de-identified format) to compile data about visitors to our Websites, donors, volunteers and other supporters. This data does not identify individuals personally.
If you provide us with your name, mailing address and email address, we may send you information about our affiliates periodically. You may unsubscribe to any of our communications at any time.
We are very careful with the information made available to us through your use of the Websites. We do share this information under certain circumstances, and we also allow certain third parties to share information with you. The purpose of this sharing is to enhance your experience on the Websites, to provide you with the services you have requested and to provide reasonable Websites security and protection.
NOTE: We are unable to control how grant recipients share this same information. If we share your data with a nonprofit by your request we cannot control how that nonprofit might use, share or sell your data.
Other circumstances may require that we share or transfer information in our databases to an unrelated third party, as in the case of a tax audit or other investigation; to comply with a court order; to protect the security of our Websites and integrity of our database systems; if we reorganize or merge with another organization; to comply with a legal requirement or court order; or some similar event.
We may disclose Personal Information, or other information we collect, to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which any information held by us about our Website is among the assets transferred.
Links to Affiliates and Other Websites
The Saint Paul & Minnesota Foundation owns and/or operates several other websites. Those sites also may contain links to websites that the Foundation does not operate.
Links to other third-party websites are provided as a service and do not imply endorsement of the activities of these websites nor any association with their operators. The Foundation does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. Please review each Policy for any third-party providers individually.
Information About Minors
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@spmcf.org.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email at info@spmcf.org.
Privacy Rights of European Economic Area (EEA) Residents
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights pursuant to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
In compliance with GDPR, we represent that our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described in this Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect from you and the specific context in which we collect the information, but may include the following:
We need to perform a contract with you;You have given us permission to do so;Processing your Personal Information is in our legitimate interests; and/orWe need to comply with the law.In certain circumstances, you may have the following data protection rights:
The right to access the Personal Information we hold on you;The right to correct the Personal Information we hold on you;The right to object to our use of your Personal Information;The right to reasonably restrict our processing of your Personal Information;The right to move, copy or transfer your Personal Information; orThe right to deletion of your Personal Information.If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you or exercise any of the aforementioned rights, please contact us at
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Do Not Track Signals
Certain browsers have the capability of selecting a do not track setting in the security options settings page. Currently we do not have the ability to respond to these signals.
Nondiscrimination PolicyFor organizations, programs and activities funded in whole or in part by the Foundation, no person shall be excluded from participation in, denied the benefits of, or be subject to discrimination on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, political affiliation, military service, physical or mental ability, or any other improper criterion (“Protected Classes”). Organizations, programs or activities may limit membership and/or services to specific Protected Classes so long as services and programs are provided without discrimination to the specific Protected Class(es).
Questions
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at info@spmcf.org or 651.224.5463.
COMMUNITY IS OUR COMPASSJOINUS!
Leave this field blank
* Indicates a required field
Name
Email
Join Our Email List
×
Play Video: audio described version