http://www.sarasota-ymca.org/privacy-policy
About Us
Home
History
Leadership and Staff
Partners
How are we doing
Corporate Partners
Supporters
Public Notices
Careers
Volunteer
Contact Us
Adopt/Foster
Adoption
Fostering
Caregiver Assistance Program
Independent Living Services
Foster Parent Resources
Prevention/Diversion
Achievers
HIPPY
Schoolhouse Link
Youth Prevention Services
Youth Shelter
Adventure Club
Adventure Club
Community Resources
Tip of the Week
Angels
Resources
COVID-19 Resources
Provider Change Form
Staff Resources
Employee Spotlight
Staff Training
DONATE
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is critically important to us. At the Safe Children Coalition, Inc.("SCC") we have a few fundamental principles:We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.We don’t share your personal information with anyone.We don’t store personal information on our website.Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:Website VisitorsLike most website operators, the Safe Children Coalition collects non-personally identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The SCC’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how the SCC’s visitors use its website. From time to time, the SCC may release non-personally identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to the SCC’s website choose to interact with the SCC in ways that require the SCC to gather personally identifying information. The amount and type of information that the SCC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who register online to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with the Safe Children Coalition, Inc. – by signing up for a program with a fee – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, the Safe Children Coalition, Inc. collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with the SCC. The Safe Children Coalition, Inc, does not disclose personally identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsThe SCC may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, the SCC may monitor which programs recieve the most visits or the highest number of sign-ups. The SCC may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, the SCC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.Protection of Certain Personally Identifying InformationThe Safe Children Coalition, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on the SCC’s behalf or to provide services available at the SCC’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. By using the SCC’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. The Safe Children Coalition, Inc. will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, the SCC discloses potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information only when required to do so by law. If you are a registered user of an the SCC website and have supplied your email address, the SCC may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with the SCC. The Safe Children Coalition, Inc. takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The SCC uses cookies to help the SCC identify and track visitors, their usage of the SCC website, and provide a more interesting experience (cookies are used to show the website in multiple colors). The SCC visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the SCC’s website, with the drawback that certain features of the SCC’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, the Safe Children Coalition, Inc. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in the SCC’s sole discretion. The SCC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Subscribe
Thank you!