https://www.saskatchewan.ca/privacy
COVID-19 - New Restrictions
Learn more
Close
Learn more about COVID-19 in Saskatchewan. Daily case numbers and information for businesses and workers.
Effective Friday, November 27th:
New guidance for performance and gaming venues, indoor public events, licensed establishments
Restrictions on team/group sports
Mandatory masking expansion
Skip to Main Content
Google Translate Disclaimer
A number of pages on the Government of Saskatchewan's website have been professionally translated in French. These translations are identified by a yellow box in the right or left rail that resembles the link below. The home page for French-language content on this site can be found at:
Renseignements en Français
Where an official translation is not available, Google™ Translate can be used. Google™ Translate is a free online language translation service that can translate text and web pages into different languages. Translations are made available to increase access to Government of Saskatchewan content for populations whose first language is not English.
Software-based translations do not approach the fluency of a native speaker or possess the skill of a professional translator. The translation should not be considered exact, and may include incorrect or offensive language. The Government of Saskatchewan does not warrant the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information translated by this system. Some files or items cannot be translated, including graphs, photos and other file formats such as portable document formats (PDFs).
Any person or entities that rely on information obtained from the system does so at his or her own risk. Government of Saskatchewan is not responsible for any damage or issues that may possibly result from using translated website content. If you have any questions about Google™ Translate, please visit:
Google™ Translate FAQs.
Residents and Visitors
Business and Industry
Government
Services
Find services and information for Saskatchewan residents and visitors.
Overview
Births, Deaths, Marriages and Divorces
Immigrating and Moving to Saskatchewan
Education and Learning
Emergency
Environment, Public Health and Safety
Family and Social Support
First Nations, Métis and Northern Citizens
Health
Housing – Renting, Owning and Developing
Jobs, Working and Training
Justice, Crime and the Law
Parks, Culture, Heritage and Sport
Taxes, Budgeting and Investments
Transportation
Voting, Consultations and Democracy
Find services and information for doing business in Saskatchewan.
Overview
Agriculture, Natural Resources and Industry
COVID-19 Information for Businesses and Workers
Doing Business with Government
Employment Standards
Entrepreneurs Start or Exit a Business
Environmental Protection and Sustainability
First Nations, Métis, and Northern Community Businesses
Hire, Train and Manage Employees
Housing Development, Construction and Property Management
Investment and Economic Development
Safety in the Workplace
Taxes, Licensing and Reporting
Transportation and Road Construction
Find how the Government of Saskatchewan governs and serves the province.
Overview
Budget, Planning and Reporting
Cabinet, Ministries, Agencies and Other Governments
Partnerships for Success
Cannabis in Saskatchewan
Doing Business with Government
Educational Institutions and Child Care Facility Administration
Federal Carbon Tax
Find People and Government Offices
Government Publications
Health Care Administration and Provider Resources
Heritage, Honours and Awards
Legislation, Maps and Authenticating Notarized Documents
Municipal Administration
News and Media
Our Stories
Public Engagement
Statistics and Government Data
Training and Workshops
Visual Identity and Protocol
Find a government service and access your Saskatchewan Account.
Overview
Residents and Visitors Services
Business and Industry Services
Government Services
Services Directory
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Last modified: June 5, 2018
Saskatchewan.ca contains links to and from other websites.
This privacy policy only applies to the primary website, Saskatchewan.ca, and the Saskatchewan Account sub-site, services.saskatchewan.ca. We will refer to these sites collectively as "Saskatchewan.ca" throughout this privacy notice. It does not apply to:
other sub-sites that are connected to Saskatchewan.ca (indicated by the URL e.g. SERVICENAME.Saskatchewan.ca); or
other Government of Saskatchewan websites that we link to (e.g. sites with gov.sk.ca in the URL).
Separate privacy notices may be included on other Government of Saskatchewan websites or participating government services.
Who we are
Saskatchewan.ca is administered by the Digital Strategy and Operations (DSO) Branch of the Ministry of Central Services on behalf of the Government of Saskatchewan. The Government of Saskatchewan will be referred to as "we" in this privacy notice.
Our Commitment
We are committed to protecting your privacy and collecting, using and disclosing your personal information in accordance with The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and its associated regulations.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
By using Saskatchewan.ca, you agree that we may collect, use and disclose your personal information as set out in this privacy notice. We collect personal information about you for the purposes of operating Saskatchewan.ca (to create, update and administer your account including communicating with you by online or text messaging) and to allow you to use Government of Saskatchewan online services. This personal information includes:
name;
address(s);
email address(s);
telephone number(s);
business number(s); and
any additional information that is reasonably required for the purposes of updating and maintaining your Saskatchewan Account.
If you provide personal information, it is your responsibility to keep this information up-to-date through your Saskatchewan Account. We will only use it or disclose it:
for the purposes for which it was obtained or compiled, or a use consistent with that purpose; or
for any other use or disclosure permitted in accordance with The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and its associated regulations.
Cookies
During your use of Saskatchewan.ca we may distribute a small file to your browser, called a "cookie." Cookies are used to:
measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on user needs; and
remember certain notifications you've already seen so that we don't show them to you again.
Cookies may collect:
geolocation and details of which version of a web browser you use when accessing Saskatchewan.ca; and
information on how you use Saskatchewan.ca such as the device used to access Saskatchewan.ca, the pages you browse on the site, etc.
Saskatchewan.ca cookies are not used to identify you personally.
If you wish, you may change the settings on your web browser to completely disable cookies or set your browser to warn you when cookies will be deposited.
Keeping your data secure
Transmitting information over the internet is not completely secure and we do not guarantee the security of your data. Any data you transmit is at your own risk.
Information we collect is maintained in a secure environment and we have procedures and security features in place to keep your data as secure as possible once received.
We won't share your information with any other organizations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes.
Payment transactions are always encrypted.
Following a link to another website
If you link to another website from this one, ensure you read and understand the applicable privacy policy on that website.
Your rights
To better understand your privacy rights please refer to the Office of the Saskatchewan Information and Privacy Commissioner.
More Information
Questions or concerns regarding our management of this privacy statement may be directed to:
Digital Strategy and Operations
Ministry of Central Services
5 - 2045 Broad Street
Regina, SK S4P 3T7
onlineservices@gov.sk.ca
Contact Us
Information and Privacy Commissioner
Phone
306-787-8350
More
URL
http://www.oipc.sk.ca
Fax
306-798-1603
Mailing Address
503, 1801 Hamilton Street, Regina, SK, Canada, S4P 4B4
View all contacts in the directory
Share
Print this page
We need your feedback to improve saskatchewan.ca. Help us improve