http://www.ourplanet.com/en/privacy-and-data-protection
Privacy and Data ProtectionOUR PLANET Privacy Notice This privacy notice describes how WWF-UK (""WWF UK"") and WWF-World Wide Fund for Nature International (formerly World Wildlife Fund) (""WWF International"", together “we”, “our” or “us”) collect and process personal information about you through the use of the ourplanet.com website and any other website or application that provides a link to this privacy notice (together, the ""Site""). The notice also explains how we use and protect this information, and your rights in relation to this information.Each of WWF UK and WWF International will act as a controller of your personal information and will use your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice. This privacy notice applies to all personal information we collect or process about you in the context of your use of the Site. Personal information is information which relates to a specific identified or identifiable individual.If you sign up to receive communications about conservation, fundraising, campaigns and events from your local WWF office, then the local WWF office that sends those communications will be the controller of your personal information for the purpose of sending those communications. To see the name and details of the local WWF office in your region, click here.1. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECTWhen you sign up to receive communications about Our Planet, or you sign up for the Voice for the Planet campaign, we collect the personal information which you provide on the Site, including your name and email address and (in the context of Voice for the Planet) your location. With respect to Voice for the Planet, you may also provide a particular message and other information, for example a picture or pledge.If you sign up to receive communications from your local WWF office, your local WWF office will receive your name and email address.We also collect personal information automatically about you as you use this Site, including your IP address so that we can identify your local WWF office. We collect Personal Information from ""cookies"" and other similar tools deployed on our Site, including Google Analytics, to analyse details of your visit to and usage of the Site.1.1 What are cookies?A cookie is simply a piece of text, which can be placed on the browser of your personal computer or mobile device and subsequently read as you visit a website. We use cookies and similar technologies (including pixels, clear gifs or device fingerprints, but in this policy we refer to all such technologies together as ""cookies""). We use different types of cookies, for example:1) Cookies served directly by us ('first party cookies') and cookies served on our behalf, for example by advertisers and data analytics companies ('third party cookies'); or2) Cookies which endure for different periods of time, including those that only last as long as your browser is open (referred to as 'session cookies' or 'temporary cookies'). These are deleted automatically once you close your browser. Other cookies are 'persistent cookies', meaning that they survive after your browser is closed. For example, they recognise your device when you open your browser and browse the internet again.1.2 Which cookies do we use and why?The following table sets out the different categories of cookies that are used on the Site and why we use them.— Essential website cookies- These cookies are necessary to provide you some of the features of the Site.- You can control and delete these cookies through your browser settings however if you choose to do so, then you will not be able to use the full functionality of the Site.— Analytics cookies- We use Google Analytics to collect information on how the Site is used and to report on Site usage statistics.- You have rights in relation to advertising cookies as described in paragraph 4 this privacy notice below.More information on Google Analytics specifically, including details on how to opt-out, is available here— Advertising cookies and social media cookies, including Facebook- We work with third party advertising networks that collect information using cookies to help make the advertising you see on the Site and on third party sites more relevant to you, and to measure the effectiveness of this advertising. This includes cookies set by third party social networks, which may provide the ability to post content directly to those social networks.We do not decide which cookies are set or how your data is used by these third parties and therefore you should refer to their privacy policy for further information about which cookies are set and their privacy and information usage practices.- You have rights in relation to advertising cookies as described in paragraph 4 this privacy notice below.- You can find information about advertising cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them here. If you opt out here, you will continue to see advertising, but it will not be targeted based on your interests.2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND THE BASIS ON WHICH WE USE IT2.1 Personal information you provideWe use your name and location to display your support for the Voice for the Planet campaign on the globe of support shown on the Site. If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to display your support for the Voice for the Planet campaign. This information is publicly available, so if you do not want this information displayed, please do not provide it. We collect and display this information with your consent, and you can ask us to remove your information from the map at any time by contacting us using the details below. We also use this information to create statistics about support for the Voice for the Planet campaign, and will use this to run and improve the campaign.We also use your personal information, including your contact details, to send you information about Our Planet if you give your consent for us to do so.Your local WWF office will use your personal information to contact you about conservation fundraising, campaigning and events if you give your consent from them to do so. These elements include:— Fundraising: your support is vital to the work of your local WWF office and without you it would not be able to continue its conservation efforts. Your local office may ask you to make a donation, contribute to an appeal, upgrade your support or change the type of support you give. Your local office may also ask you to renew or restart your support.— Campaigning: your local WWF office would love to tell you about campaigning activities and advocacy work so that you can get involved. This could be telling you about activities such as how to make greener lifestyle choices, writing to elected representatives, signing a petition, contacting businesses or sharing campaign communications to influence for positive change for the environment.— Events: your local office may run events which it might like to invite you to. They may also like to tell you about community fundraising opportunities where your local WWF office has these.You can withdraw any consent you give at any time.2.2 Personal information from cookiesWe use personal information we collect about you from cookies to improve the content and performance of the Site. This will allow us to increase our engagement with our supporters and provide a better user experience when you use the Site. Information collected may be used for targeted advertising. For example, if you have visited the Site you may see advertising for Our Planet programmes or events on third party sites, including social media sites.We use personal information in this way to meet our legitimate interests in improving our site and our services, and our interests in providing tailored advertising content on our site, and on third party sites, which may be of interest to those that see it.Where we use personal information to meet our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to our uses of personal information to meet these legitimate interests at any time by contacting us using the details set out below. Where we use cookies and other technologies, we use those to improve the content and performance of the Site to meet our legitimate interests, and you can object in the manner described in this policy.3. HOW AND WHEN WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe may share your personal information with third parties under the following circumstances:1) Local WWF offices: We are part of the WWF global network which operates in over 100 countries around the world and which is coordinated through WWF International, its secretariat. All country offices work collaboratively with a common mission of creating a future where people and nature thrive. If you sign up to receive updates from your local WWF office, we share your information with that local office so that they can send you messages, as described above. Details of the World Wide Fund for Nature office in your country of residence can be found at http://wwf.panda.org/wwf_offices/ .2) Service providers: We and the rest of the WWF Network may share your personal information with our service providers that perform services on our instructions and on our behalf.3) Partner companies: this includes the social media sites and third party advertising networks who advertise on our site and third party sites. We share data with these third parties to meet our legitimate interests as described above.4) Where required by law: We may share your personal information with law enforcement agencies, courts, other government authorities or other third parties where we believe necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of any third party.4. YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe only serve analytics, advertising and social media cookies with your consent, which you can withdraw at any time. If you don’t want the Site to use cookies, please follow the instructions in the table above and below.4.1 Website (Browser) Opt-Out:Most browsers accept cookies by default. You may be able to change the settings to have your browser refuse certain cookies or notify you before accepting cookies. To do so, please follow the instructions provided by your browser which are usually located within the ""Help"", ""Tools"" or ""Edit"" facility. Some third parties also provide the ability to refuse their cookies directly by clicking on an opt-out link, and we have tried to indicate where this is possible in the table above.4.2 Mobile App Opt-OutTo limit interest-based advertising on your mobile device, you can review and adjust the settings provided by your device manufacturer, such as “Limit Ad Tracking” for iOS or “Opt-out of interest-based ads” for Android.For further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.4.3 Rights over Personal DataYou also have certain rights regarding the personal information we collect about you, subject to local law. These may include the rights to access, correct, delete, restrict or object to our use of, or receive a portable copy in a usable electronic format of your personal information. You also may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy regulator.To discuss or exercise any rights you may have under law, please contact us using the contact details set out below. Please note that we may require additional information from you in order to honour your requests.5. INFORMATION SECURITY AND STORAGEWe will retain the personal information obtained through the Site for as long as you use the Site. After you leave the Site, we will retain your personal information for a longer period, for the purpose of fulfilling our legal and regulatory obligations, for record-keeping and audit purposes, and to investigate or defend against potential legal claims.6. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERYour personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country that is not regarded as providing the same level of protection for personal information as the laws of your home country, including to the locations where our local offices are located.We have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to provide adequate protections for your personal information. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place and to obtain a copy of such safeguards, please contact us at the contact information set out below.7. CONTACT USAs described above, WWF UK and WWF International are separately the controllers responsible for the personal information collected and processed in the context of Our Planet.If you have questions or concerns regarding the way in which your personal information has been used, please contact us at DataProtection@wwf.org.uk . You can also contact us by post at:WWF-UKThe Living Planet CentreRufford HouseBrewery RoadWokingSurreyGU21 4LLUnited KingdomWWF InternationalAvenue du Mont-Blanc1196 GlandSwitzerlandWe are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have the right to make a complaint to the supervisory authority of your country of residence.8. CHANGES TO THE POLICYWe may modify or update this privacy notice from time to time. If we make any revisions that materially change the ways in which we process your personal information, we will notify you of these changes before applying them to that personal information.April 2019Get the latest news & films from ourplanet.comI am happy to receive updates about conservation, fundraising, campaigning and events from my local WWF office You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time. See our privacy notice for more detailsThis website uses cookies and similar identifiers to give you the best online experience. By clicking 'Allow' you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Notice.Allow