https://www.carie.org/carie-privacy-policy/
select menu top
select main menu
Privacy Policy
Disclosure Form 990
The Center for Advocacy for the Rights and Interests of the Elderly (CARIE) is committed to your privacy. We have created this Privacy Policy to explain how CARIE collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of the carie.org website.
1. Personal identification information
CARIE will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us by way of subscribing to e-newsletters or groups, responding to a survey, filling out a form, and in connection with other activities, or resources we make available on our site. You may be asked for identifying information, such as: name, email address, mailing address, phone number, as appropriate. You may also visit our site anonymously and can always refuse to supply personally identification information.
2. Non-personal identification information
We may collect anonymous non-personal identification information about your interaction with our site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
3. Web browser cookies
CARIE may use cookies to enhance your experience on our site by storing cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent, to prevent the use of cookies.
4. How we use collected information
CARIE may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to User requests more efficiently.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our programs or site.
To process donations
We may use the information donors provide about themselves when submitting a donation to properly process that donation. See donor privacy policy on our donation page (add below).
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address provided to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please contact us or use the “unsubscribe” feature at the bottom of the email.
5. How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, transaction information and data stored on our site.
6. Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the site or administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes if you have given us your permission.
7. Links to third party websites
You may find links to the sites and services of our partners, sponsors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site.
8. Changes to this privacy policy
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
9. Choice/Opt-Out
When you complete a form or one of our surveys, you may opt-out of receiving e-mail communications from us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our site, please contact us at:
Center for Advocacy for the Rights and Interests of the Elderly (CARIE)
Two Penn Center, 1500 John F. Kennedy Blvd.
Suite 1500
Philadelphia, PA  19102
215-545-5728
Admin@CARIE.org
donate online