https://www.osia.org/legal-notices/
"Columbus under Attack", - Defend Our Heritage
About
HistoryLocationsNational HeadquartersNational OfficersNewsInformazioni Generali
Membership
Membership OptionsMembership AdvantagesBenefits & DiscountsBecome a MemberStart a LodgeLodge Resources
Programs
Book ClubGaribaldi-Meucci MuseumGenealogyItalian Festivals in the U.S.ScholarshipsSpeakers BureauTravel with OSDIAShop the OSDIA Store
Business Directory
Italian America®
About Italian America® MagazineSubscriptions & ServicesAdvertise in Italian America® MagazineItalian America® Magazine Freelance GuidelinesRead Italian America
Sons of Italy Foundation®
National Education and Leadership Awards GalaGiving OptionsPhilanthropic EffortsScholarshipsDonate SIFContribution Highlights
The CSJ®
1891 New Orleans ProjectItalian American Heritage MonthSave Columbus DayReports & StudiesStereotyping & Anti-Defamation Ways to Give
Donate CSJ
Shop the CSJ Store
Legal Notices
Member Login
Username
Password
Forgot your password?
Not a Member?
Become One Now!
Sign up today for a free
WebPass membership
User Guidelines
OSIA.org and Privacy
Restrictions on Use
This site is owned and operated by the Order Sons of Italy in America® (OSIA), and is protected by international copyright and trademark laws. All materials posted on this site are subject to copyrights owned by OSIA and other individuals or entities. Any reproduction, retransmission, or republication of all or part of any document found on this site is expressly prohibited, unless OSIA or the copyright owner of the material has specifically granted its written consent to do so. OSIA.org users also may not modify, copy, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material from this site including code and software. Users are permitted to download material from this site for their personal, non-commercial use only, provided they keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Additionally, the names, trademarks, service marks, and logos of OSIA and its subsidiaries, the Sons of Italy Foundation® (SIF) and the Commission for Social Justice® (CSJ),may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate OSIA’s sponsorship or affiliation with any product or service, without OSIA’s prior written permission.
Disclaimer
OSIA has provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Neither OSIA, nor its subsidiaries, the SIF and the CSJ, operate or control in any respect any information, products or services on these third-party sites. The materials in this site and the third-party sites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, OSIA disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. OSIA does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site, including bulletin boards, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. OSIA does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site or in third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. The user (and not OSIA) assumes the entire cost of all necessary maintenance, repair or correction.
Members Only Community
This site contains a Members Only “virtual community” available to and accessible by OSIA members, who are required to abide by certain guidelines of acceptable behavior. Those who do not agree to these terms should not register for or enter the Members Only community.
Although portions of the Members Only area are accessible by non-member visitors, message boards and additional services and discounts from OSIA.org are accessible only by members who register their information on the Site.
Those registering on the Site are required to provide OSIA with the following information: name, address, email address, gender, login name (created by member) and password (created by member). The provision of additional information is optional and includes, but is not limited to: age, household income, education, marital status and employment status. Registrants will also have the opportunity to provide feedback in a survey of their and what they would like to see on the Site. While it is not necessary to provide any but the required information, any additional information provided helps OSIAcontinually improve the Site for its users.
For more information on the privacy of registered members, and how OSIA uses that information, please go to the section entitled OSIA.org and Privacy, below.
License to OSIA
By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data, or engaging in any other form of communication through this service, a user grants OSIA a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to:
1. Use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or display any such communication.
2. Sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication.
The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, servicemark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction. Standards of Conduct OSIA has developed and set forth the following in order to promote and maintain the highest standards of personal conduct among its members. Adherence to these standards is expected of all OSIA members and users of the OSIA.org site, and serves to additionally assure public confidence in the integrity of Italian Americans and all OSIA members. By logging onto OSIA.org, users agree to:
Maintain the highest standard of personal conduct.
Actively promote and encourage the highest level of ethics and use only legal and ethical means of communication in all website activities.
Maintain the confidentiality of any privileged information entrusted by vitrue of membership in the community, including personal information about other members.
Refuse to engage in discrimination on the basis of race, sex, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, or disability.
Not restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the interactive features of the member-only community including, but not limited to, chats and forums (aka “bulletin boards,” see below).
Not post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Not post or transmit any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.
Not post or transmit any information, software or other material which contains a virus or other harmful component.
Not post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or which contains advertising.
Cooperate in every reasonable and proper way with the staff of OSIA, which maintains the web site.
Bulletin Boards
This service may include bulletin boards (“forums”) and chat rooms which allow feedback to OSIA and real-time interaction between users. OSIA does not control the messages, information or files delivered to bulletin boards. It it is a condition of use of the bulletin boards and this Web site that users adhere to the Standards of Conduct set out above. OSIA has no obligation to monitor the bulletin boards. OSIA reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in OSIA’s sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of these terms and conditions.
Modification of Terms
OSIA may modify these Terms of Service from time to time in its sole discretion. Each time a user logs on to OSIA.org, s/he will be deemed to have accepted any such changes.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall OSIA be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, OSIA materials. Users specifically acknowledge and agree that OSIA is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. The sole and exclusive remedy for user dissatisfaction with any OSIA material, or with any of OSIA’s terms and conditions, is to discontinue using OSIA.org.
Termination
Users not in compliance with the outlined code of conduct may be temporarily barred or permanently terminated at any time without notice by OSIA. In the event of termination, that user is no longer authorized to access the bulletin boards and the aforementioned restrictions with respect to material downloaded from bulletin boards, disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in this agreement, shall survive.
Privacy is important to OSIA, thus we operate by these principles:
Information Collection and Use
OSIA is the owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. OSIA collects information from our users at several different points on our website. Information may be collected from both member and non-member users alike.
Registration and Member Profile Information
In order to use the Members Only community section of the web site, a user must first complete the registration form to sign up as a member of OSIA. OSIA requires that when a user becomes a member on the site, s/he provides the following information: full name, complete address, email address, gender, login name and password (created by member), and credit card information (to sign up for membership only. Online At-Large membership in OSIA costs an annual fee of $35).
Once a user signs up as a member, s/he has the option to reply as much or as little ad s/he is comfortable to a member survery. Members will have complete access to their personal profile and will be able to change any personal information after they sign up. A member may opt here to provide additional information on their professional background, education, hobbies, etc. Unless a member chooses to opt out (by checking the “No” box where is asks “Profile is visible?” in their personal profile), the following information will be made available to other registered members of the community: first name, last name, city, state, email address, employment information (current employer and position), and years of membership in OSIA.
This information provided by users in their profiles may be used by OSIA to determine the demographic and psychographic preferences of its members for the purpose of improving the site for their use. User profile information may additionally be used to display appropriate individualized advertisements. OSIA has the capacity to serve up services based on member preferences. It is optional for the user to provide additional demographic information (such as income level and gender) or indicate preferences, but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
OSIA will not disclose member profile information unless acting under good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of OSIA; (3) enforce the OSIA terms of service; or (4) act to protect the interests of its members or others.
Newsletters
f a member wishes to subscribe to a publication within the member community, we ask for contact information such as name and email address, so that this service may be rendered properly.
Surveys, Polls & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys, quick polls or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site and OSIA in general.
Referrals
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. The friend will automatically be sent a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. OSIA stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Log Files
OSIA may use IP addresses of all site users to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
E-Commerce
he e-commerce segment of the website is maintained in partnership with Vizual, Inc. Vizual, Inc. will not represent OSIA.org user data to merchants at the level it defines them as individuals.
OSIA will request information from users on order forms. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
OSIA reserves the right to share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. OSIA may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
For all ecommerce that is external to OSIA (i.e., that does not relate directly to goods or services produced by OSIA itself), OSIA, through Vizual, Inc., will utilize an outside shipping company to ship orders, and, in almost all cases, a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Cookies
OSIA may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of a user’s computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you’d prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a Web site if you do so. Additionally, some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
As previously stated in the Terms and Conditions, this web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we OSIA is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our office manager, membership assistant, or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The OSIA.org website is maintained on a highly secure e-commerce server maintained by Vizual, Inc. This server, on which personally identifiable information is stored, is kept in a secure environment.
Content and Technical Responsibility
Content appearing on the OSIA website is maintained by the Order Sons of Italy in America®, 219 E Street, NE, Washington, DC 20002, 202-547-2900. For questions concerning OSIA’s privacy and marketing policies, or for questions dealing with the functionality of the site and the information and donation forms appearing on the site, send email to nationaloffice@osia.org.
Policy Statement Concerning Marks
The Order Sons of Italy in America® claims common law rights to various service marks, trademarks, trade names, trade dress and slogans adopted and used in interstate and foreighn commerce since the Order was incorporated in New York in 1905.
These marks include, but are not limited to, the following:
Order Sons of Italy in America®
Sons of Italy® OSIA
Lion Logo
One Stop Italian America®
Italian America®
Sons of Italy Foundation®
SIF
Commission for Social Justice®
CSJ
Lady Liberty Logo
The Order entertains requests for nonexclusive licenses to use any one or more of its marks for various products and services. A royalty fee is required to be paid by all licensees on a per unit basis.
Requests may be made by members and non members alike in writing or by email to the National Office Manager. The appropriateness of all products and services for which a mark is sought to be used in connection therewith shall be determined solely by the National Office and not by any state or local lodge of OSIA.
A drawing of the product with the mark in place, or a description of the service to be rendered under a mark must be submitted with each request for a license. The issue of quality control will be addressed in our response to your written request. Please note that no other mark may be displayed in conjunction with the license mark without prior imprimatur of the National Officers of the Order Sons of Italy in America®.
If you have any questions before submitting a request for a license, please write, telephone or email Andrea Beach, National Office Manager, Order Sons of Italy in America®, 219 E St. NE, Washington, DC 20002, (202) 547-2900, or abeach@osia.org.