http://www.uufrc.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Directions from your current location
Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Redwood City
2124 Brewster Avenue, Redwood City, CA 94062  Directions
(650) 365-6913
office@uufrc.org
Sunday Services: 10:30 am
Stay after for social hour!
Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Redwood City
Faith. Justice. Compassion. Community.
Facebook Twitter Instagram
Directions
Search
Rentals
Giving
Login
A community of spiritual growth, compassion, and justice
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by the Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Redwood City (“UUFRC”), referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: office@uufrc.org.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, or email address. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at web@uufrc.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than UUFRC. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
View More
Upcoming Events
Announcements
Facility Calendar
Join Our Mailing List
First Name
Last Name
Email Address