https://www.lafoodbank.org/privacy-policy/
Donate Now
Donate
Donate Now
Donate Monthly
Fundraise
Partnerships
Food Donors & Drives
Other Ways to Give
Planned Giving
Corporate Sponsorships
Volunteer
Sign-Up
Volunteer FAQs
ABOUT US
Who We Help
Our Mission
Hunger in Los Angeles County
Events and Campaigns
Programs & Services
Team
Stories
Find Food
USEFUL LINKS
Agency Resources
Our Mission
Find Food
Volunteer
Events and Campaigns
Financials
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank, including CCPA information.
Home / Privacy Policy
The Los Angeles Regional Food Bank is committed to respecting the privacy of both online AND offline donors, visitors, volunteers, agency partners and other constituents. This privacy policy demonstrates the Food Bank’s commitment to transparency.
We do not trade, share, rent, or sell any information, personal or otherwise, collected on our website or through any other means. We will also never send electronic or physical communications of any kind on behalf of any other organization.
You can visit the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information. Our web server automatically recognizes each visitor’s domain name, but does not automatically collect personally identifiable information. There are times, however, such as when you make a donation or register for our mailing list, that we will collect specific information. If you choose to provide personally-identifiable data, you may receive future information from us, by mail or email –advising you of upcoming Food Bank events, services, or volunteer and support opportunities. If you do not wish to be contacted with such information, please let us know by writing or sending an e-mail to the address at the bottom of this page.
In order to provide a more comprehensive and useful site, the Food Bank web site contains links to other web sites. The Food Bank is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites.
CCPA – Know Your Rights
You have the right to request information access to personal information for free up to twice per year.
Upon receiving an access request, we will provide the necessary information in a friendly format within 45 days of your request.
You have the right to ask for your data to be deleted. If you would like your data deleted, please contact us using the contact information provided at the bottom of this web page (CCPA exceptions apply).
You have the right not to be discriminated against for having exercised your rights under CCPA.
The following categories may be collected by this website:
Identifiers (such as name, email address, social security number, IP address, etc.)
The categories of personal information listed in the California Customer Records Statute.
Protected legal characteristics
Commercial information
Internet activity
Geolocation data
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Employment information
Education information
Inferences about personal preferences and attributes drawn from profiling (e.g. via cookies)
Sources of Personal Information include:
Social network information
Publicly available databases
Google products, such as Google Analytics
Anonymous data is important to us, and we use it to improve the experience of our website visitors, supporters and the like.
Personal data is important to us as we rely on the generosity of donors, volunteers and others to help feed those in need in LA County. For example, when signing up to volunteer, or when making a donation, users provide personal information to us, and we need to be able to collect this information for our work to continue.
Data helps us audit our processes, detect security issues, debug technical errors, perform our essential functions as a non-profit (process donations, organize volunteers, etc.), research, test and improve our website and organization.
Website Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, which collects anonymized website traffic analysis. To track your session usage, Google uses a cookie (_ga) with a randomly-generated ClientID in your browser. This ID does not contain identifiable information like email, phone number, name, etc. Google also stores your IP Address. We use Google Analytics to track user behavior, including, but not limited to, what pages were viewed, and for how long. This information is important to us, and the data gathered helps us improve our website and create a better experience for our users. If you would like to access what browsing information we have, or ask us to delete any GA data, please delete your _ga cookies, reach out to us using the email address at the bottom of this web page and/or install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On.”
Note to Parents
The Los Angeles Regional Food Bank does not knowingly solicit data from children and does not knowingly market to children under the age of 14.
Credit Card Information
The Los Angeles Regional Food Bank has contracted the services of a banking partner to process credit card donations submitted online. Our banking partner’s secured server encrypts your credit card information so that it may be safely transmitted over the Internet. Your credit card information will not be released by the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank or its banking partner to any other party.
Security; No Liability
The Los Angeles Regional Food Bank has implemented security measures to help protect against the risk of loss, misuse and alteration of any information under the Food Bank’s control. We protect your online order information by using Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) technology. SSL encrypts your order information to avoid the decoding of that information by anyone other than the Food Bank. Nevertheless, such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of information on the Site, and the Food Bank is not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. You understand that data and communications, including e-mail and other electronic communications, may be accessed by unauthorized third parties when communicated over the Internet. Furthermore, the site contains links to other web sites. The Food Bank is not responsible for nor can the Food Bank ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites.
Opt-Out
You may choose to opt-out of any & all manner of communication described above by contacting us directly at pr@lafoodbank.org. Upon receipt, and processing of an opt-out request, the Food Bank will, within a reasonable amount of time, remove all your information from any future communications.
Refund Policy:
There are no refunds of tax-deductible donations, except in the events of credit card theft or unauthorized use of a credit card. If you have any further questions about a donation, please contact our development department at (323) 234-3030 x 147 or rcastle@lafoodbank.org.
Stay Connected
Sign up for the latest in our fight against hunger.
(c) 2020 Los Angeles Regional Food Bank. All Rights Reserved.
Nonprofit Website by Mittun