http://www.pih.org/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Donor Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets forth the policies of Partners In Health ("PIH") with respect to nonpublic personal information you provide to us through this web site (the "Site") or when you make a donation to PIH through mail, telephone or other means. By accessing the Site, you agree that you have read and understand the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
OUR POLICY
We recognize the value of your privacy and appreciate concerns you may have about information you provide to us and how we treat that information. We encourage you to read this entire Privacy Policy as it sets forth our policies with respect to personal information you provide us through our Site or when you make a donation to us through other means. Other privacy practices may apply to information you provide to us through other channels. "Personal Identifiable Information" refers to information that allows us to identify you, such as your name, address, zip/postal codes, telephone number, organization name if applicable, e-mail address, etc.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
At our Site, we only collect Personally Identifiable Information when voluntarily and knowingly submitted by a visitor. You can have general access to our Site and browse pages describing our organization without providing any personal information or being required to register at our Site. If you choose to make a donation to PIH, whether by telephone, postal mail, or this Site, we will collect certain Personally Identifiable Information and required financial information from you (such as your credit card information if you choose to submit your donation in that manner, and the donation amount).
Online donations are processed by a third-party service provider and you should read the section below entitled "Links and Third Party Web Sites" and familiarize yourself with the privacy terms of all such non-PIH sites before using them.
CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT
We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"). COPPA requires that web site operators never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting verifiable parental consent.
In accordance with COPPA, we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We recommend that no one under the age of 18 submit personally identifiable information to our Site. In the event that we determine that a user of this Site is under the age of 13, we will not maintain or use his or her personally identifiable information. We will then delete any such Personally Identifiable Information from our records.
INFORMATION YOU MAY SUBMIT TO PIH
By visiting our Site, you may have the opportunity to request information from PIH, in which case an e-mail or other contact information may be required in order to allow us to comply with your request, and for other purposes as may be disclosed at the time the request is made. If you request information from PIH or make an on-line or off-line donation to PIH, we may add your e-mail address or other contact information to our mailing list and contact you from time to time. You may elect to opt-out of receiving communications other than those relating to a specific query by (a) following the instructions in "How to Request Changes or Opt-Out of Future Communications" (below), (b) checking appropriate opt-in or opt-out boxes which may be provided on the collection form, or (c) as set forth in the communication sent from PIH, such as a follow-up e-mail.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION SUBMITTED
We will use the Personally Identifiable Information you submit
(i) to send you materials or information that you have requested,
(ii) to notify you of other communications that may be of interest to you,
(iii) to process donations,
(iv) for our operational purposes, including data analysis, identifying usage trends, and enhancing our websites and promotional campaigns, and
(v) as otherwise described in this Policy.
DISCLOSURE OF AND ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
Subject to applicable law, we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information:
to third parties, including attorneys, accountants and advisors, who provide PIH with assistance or advice or are under contract to perform services for or on behalf of PIH (collectively, "Service Providers"), and who are required to protect the confidentiality of Personal Information, to maintain standards consistent with the requirements of this policy, and to use such information solely for the purpose for which such information was provided,
consortium groups and third parties acting on behalf of non-profit organizations that combine your Personally Identifiable Information with information from other sources for analytical purposes,
in connection with merger and acquisition activity, re-organization or other disposition of part or all of PIH,
as required by law, including to law enforcement personnel and agencies, as part of a legal process, if otherwise compelled to do so by law or in connection with any government or self-regulatory organization request or investigation, in order to protect our property, or in furtherance of an investigation regarding a breach of the Site rules and policies, unauthorized access to or use of the Site or any other illegal activities, or
if you direct us to do so.
In addition, if you choose to include your Personally Identifiable Information (such as your phone number and home address) when you create “events” using our tools, such information may be publicly available on the Site. In addition, if you sign petitions, join groups or otherwise attach your Personally Identifiable Information to our initiatives, such information may be displayed on our Site or otherwise publicly available. Such displayed Personally Identifiable Information will not, however, include your contact information (such as your street address, email, phone number).
Your Personally Identifiable Information will not be shared, leased or sold to other organizations for fundraising purposes, unless you have provided PIH with specific permission to do so.  PIH will not send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
LINKS AND THIRD PARTY WEB SITES
The Site contains hyperlinks or "links" to other sites, including access to content, products and services of our affiliated and non-affiliated sites. For example, online donations to PIH are facilitated by our non-affiliated service provider. When you follow links to make such a donation, you will be linked to our service provider's web site, which is subject to separate privacy and other terms and conditions. In some cases, these other web sites are made available via "framing technology", and may appear to be part of our Site. We urge you to familiarize yourself with the individual privacy and other terms for each linked or framed site prior to submitting any Personally Identifiable Information. We are not responsible for the data collection, privacy and information sharing policies and procedures or the content of such web sites.
HOW TO REQUEST CHANGES OR OPT-OUT OF FUTURE COMMUNICATIONS
If you would like to receive a copy of the Personally Identifiable Information we have received from you, please send a request to info@pih.org or Partners In Health, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1400, Boston, MA 02199, USA, Attention: Database Administrator. If this information is incorrect or incomplete, please let us know, and we will correct or update it promptly. You may also ask us to remove your name and other personal information from our database, in which case we will make all reasonable efforts to do so, subject to legal and other considerations. In order to stop receiving electronic communications from us, you may unsubscribe to our publications and other communications by following the unsubscribe directions included at the end of each e-mail we send, or by visiting http://act.pih.org/unsubscribe and following the instructions. In addition, you may always contact our Development Team at (857) 880-5600, (857) 880-5600, or via e-mail at info@pih.org.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We will post any material changes to this Policy at least thirty (30) days prior to the changes taking effect. After the changes take effect, all current and new information will be subject to the terms of the revised Policy. Your access to or use of the Site following a change to the Policy shall be deemed to be your consent to the revised Policy.
HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
PIH maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect your Personally Identifiable Information. Your information is stored in operating environments that are not available to the public. All of PIH's personnel and affiliates are dedicated to maintaining and upholding your privacy and security and are made aware of our privacy and security policies. The servers where we store your information generally are located in the USA. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that your Personally Identifiable Information once submitted will be transferred to our servers, and the USA currently does not have uniform data protection laws in place.
CONSENT TO PROCESSING
Subject to your opt-out choices and all of the provisions contained in this Policy, you hereby consent to the collection, processing, disclosure and transfer by PIH of your Personally Identifiable Information for the limited purposes described under this Policy. Your consent relating to a right to transfer information referred to in this paragraph shall be deemed to include your consent to the transfer of your Personally Identifiable Information to jurisdictions that may have different levels of privacy protection than that available to you under your local law.
COOKIES
We use cookies to understand how this Site is used and to improve your user experience. For more information, please see PIH’s Cookie Policy.
OTHER TERMS
Your use of our Site is subject to and contingent upon your agreement with other terms and conditions, which are hereby incorporated by reference.   If you have questions concerning this Policy, please contact us at (857) 880-5600, (857) 880-5600, or via e-mail at info@pih.org.
Last Updated: April 23, 2020