http://www.fcsl.edu/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
At Florida Coastal School of Law, user privacy is very important to us. We want you to feel as comfortable as possible visiting fcsl.edu (the site). This Privacy Statement will tell you, as of the “Last Revised” date set forth at the end of this Privacy Statement, what information Florida Coastal School of Law collects, how we use that information and what choices you have concerning how such information is used. If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please email the webmaster.
When you visit our site, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose and site information collected on an aggregate basis using server logs, “cookies” and other technologies as you and others browse our site. Florida Coastal School of Law does not use the information provided by a visitor for any purpose other than to provide answers and services to visitors who contact Florida Coastal School of Law. Except as set forth in this statement, Florida Coastal School of Law will not disclose any personal information to third-party companies unless we receive your prior permission. In the following limited circumstances we will consider, and may release, personal information to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as protecting the rights, property or safety of Florida Coastal School of Law, its staff or our visitors.
Similar to commercial sites, our site may use standard technologies such as “cookies” and Web server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the websites visited just before and just after our site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a site. They are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s Web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
Although we will strive to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. We take steps to protect all our information, but no protection regime is perfect, and information may be lost or stolen in extreme circumstances. You can always contact us in order to: (i) correct your personal information in our systems; or (ii) update any other information that you have provided to us, by contacting the webmaster.
Google AdWords RemarketingAdWords Remarketing is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided by Google. It connects the activity of www.fcsl.edu with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. You can opt out of the cookie tracking here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
AdRollAdRoll is a Remarketing and Advertising service provided by AdRoll. It connects the activity of www.fcsl.edu with the AdRoll advertising network. To opt-out of targeted advertisements through AdRoll, please click here: http://www.adroll.com/about/privacy#optpolicy
SEARCH
Search for:
Prospective Students
Admissions Webinars
At A Glance
Catalog
Check Your Status
Contact Admissions
Cost of Attendance
Financial Aid
Hotel Accommodations
Housing
How to Apply
International Students
Jacksonville – Come Make the River City Your Home
Tuition and Fees
Military Students
Online Apparel Store
Recruiting Calendar
Scholarships
Seat Deposit
Student Organizations
Transfer and Visiting Applicants
Trial Advocacy Teams
Virtual Office Hours
Visiting Florida Coastal
Welcome Current Students
Current Students
Academic Calendars
Academic Programs
ADA Accommodations
Bar Character and Fitness Clearance
BARBRI
Clinics (Practitioner)
Commencement
Cost Of Attendance
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Emergency Preparedness
Event Request Form
Events
Experiential Learning
Externship Opportunities
Finance
Financial Aid Code of Conduct
International Students F1 Visa
Law Review
Office of the Registrar
Loans
Mock Trial Team
Moot Court Honor Board
Online Apparel Store
Safety and Security
Student Affairs
Student Handbook
Student Portal
Title IX Policy
Tools
Tuition and Fees
Withdrawals and Refunds
Academics
3+3 Program
Accelerated 2-Year J.D.
Certificate Programs
Exam Room Policy
J.D. Full Time Day
J.D. Part Time Day
JD/MBA
JD/MPP
LL.M. in U.S. Law for International Lawyers
Programmatic Learning Outcomes
Schedules
Term Minutes
Faculty and Staff
Coastal Careers
Faculty
HR Information Center
Staff
Alumni
Alumni Relations
Board of Directors
Chapters
Online Apparel Store
Spotlights
Submit an Alumni Spotlight
Resources and Benefits
Upcoming Events
Final Exam Period
November 30 - December 11
Building Winter Break
December 19, 2020 - January 3, 2021
View All Events
COVID-19: We transitioned to online delivery in the Spring of 2020 and will continue online delivery through Spring 2021. Our campus is currently closed however all lines of communication to any department, staff, or faculty member continue to remain open.
×
Request Info
Contact Form
JD Program Of Interest
J.D. Degree Full Time Day
J.D. Degree Part Time Day
Accelerated 2-Year J.D. Degree Program
Dual Degrees (JD | MPP JD | MBA)
I wish to begin the program in*
Spring 2020
Fall 2020
Spring 2021
Fall 2021
Not sure
Have you taken the LSAT?*
Yes
No
Can we text you?*
No
Yes
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
Flickr