https://www.foodforthepoor.org/about/privacy.html
Skip to Content
Home > About Us
Back
Share
Print
Privacy Policy
Food For The Poor has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we protect your personal privacy within all our giving platforms, online and offline. This policy discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Sharing
Food For The Poor takes the privacy of its donors very seriously. Personal information of donors acquired by Food For The Poor is never sold. Personal information acquired through our church speakers, website, radio campaigns, television, print advertisements in any publications, and fundraising events is never rented or exchanged. Furthermore, any information acquired through our prayer lines, phone representatives or legacy and gift planning specialists is never shared with anyone outside of our organization and will be held in the strictest confidence.
Personal information of our donors acquired from lists already in circulation is occasionally rented to or exchanged with other organizations. If a person becomes a donor of Food For The Poor in response to a mailing of ours, they are given the opportunity to have their name excluded from rental or exchange by checking a box at the end of the written statement of privacy and confidentiality and submitting this to us.
What Information We Collect On Our Web Site
Our registration and donation forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, address, interests, and other similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as Social Security numbers.
Our company and our trusted third parties may share with one another anonymous versions of user information collected at this site. We may use that information to link to and issue anonymous cookies containing demographic or intent-based data for online behavioral advertising purposes. Such cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. Click on the following link to opt out of online behavioral advertising: http://www.aboutads.info/choices
Security
All information provided to Food For The Poor is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Food For The Poor.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our site, analyze trends, gather broad demographic information and deliver personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”
Our site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our site. Cookies are pieces of information that some web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many web sites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords or your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular web site. Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Food For The Poor will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Food For The Poor uses this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Web Sites
Our site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links you are entering another web site for which Food For The Poor has no responsibility.
Changes of Policy
Although certain conditions may require changes in this Privacy Policy, we would like to assure you that these changes will never affect the security of your information. Food For The Poor will inform donors of any possible changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact:
Food For The Poor
6401 Lyons Road
Coconut Creek, FL 33073 USA
1 (800) 427-9104
You can also send an email to: webmaster@foodforthepoor.org
.
Choose your gift amount
Back to top