http://www.progressive.org/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search
DONATE!
Home
Dispatches
COVID-19
Magazine
Digital Subscribers Login!
Public School Shakedown
About The Shakedown
Meet Our Fellows
Op-Eds
About the Progressive Media Project
Op-Ed Writing Clinics
About Us
Mission and History
Staff & Board of Directors
Internships
Contact
Donate!
Subscribe
SingleCopy
Mission and History
Staff & Board of Directors
Internships
Contact
Donate!
Home About Us Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Progressive is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following statement to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make use of the Progressive.org website.
Information Gathering, Voluntary Submission
Progressive.org does not collect personally identifying information about any individual Progressive.org website user except when such information is knowingly provided by such an individual. For example, we must ask you for certain information—for example, when you choose to subscribe to The Progressive magazine or when you sign up to receive our ProgressivEmail news—so that we may fulfill your order. Progressive.org uses secure server software and a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) line to protect your credit card information and your associated personal information. You always have the option not to provide the information we request. If you choose not to provide such information, you can still visit most of the Progressive.org website, but you may be unable to access certain options or take advantage of some features or services.
The Use of Cookies
A cookie is a data file that certain websites write to your computer’s hard drive when you visit these sites. A cookie file can contain information, such as a user identification code, that the site uses to track the pages you have visited. Progressive.org uses cookies solely to track user traffic patterns throughout the Progressive.org website. We use this data on an anonymous basis and we do not correlate this information with the personal data of any user.
Most website browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie or set it to refuse all cookies. However, if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our website, you may not be able to use certain features of the site.
Browser Information
Progressive.org web servers automatically collect information about a site user’s IP address, operating system, browser type, browser features, and referrer by reading this information from the user’s browser (such information is typically provided by every user’s browser). This information is collected in a database and used in an aggregated, anonymous manner, in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website. This information is automatically logged by most websites and hosting systems.
Use of Information
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your viewing experience on our website. We develop future editorial content based on our web readers' interests and on aggregated user information. We do not track what individual users read, but instead how well each page or content area performs overall.
The features and services of the Progressive.org website are currently available free of charge. When you are asked for personal information on Progressive.org, you are sharing that information only with such vendors as provide website hosting, subscription circulation fulfillment, and other services related to The Progressive magazine and Progressive.org. Such vendors may set their own cookies. You are NOT sharing your personal information with any third-party advertiser. You can always choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using the particular service that requests information.
Links to Other Websites
We may provide links from Progressive.org to independently owned and operated sites whose content we have determined to be of possible interest to our visitors. Please note that we do not monitor the content on such sites continuously, and such content may be constantly changing. The Progressive magazine and Progressive.org have no control over the content or policies, information-gathering or otherwise, of such linked sites.
Acceptance of Policy
By using the Progressive.org site and services, you show your acceptance of this privacy statement. The Progressive magazine and Progressive.org reserve the right to modify and/or amend this privacy statement at any time, without notice. Your continued use of this website will constitute your acceptance of those changes.
How to Contact Us
The Progressive.org website is owned and operated by The Progressive, Inc., 30 W. Mifflin, Suite 703, Madison, WI 53703. If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please contact us via email or by telephone at 608-257-4626 weekdays 9:00-5:00 CST.
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Get the latest Progressive news
Subscribe for our free newsletter.
Donate
Progressive Magazine
Advertise
Address Change
Current Issue
Gift Subscription
Subscribe - Get a free Calendar!
Subscriber Services
Subscription Renewal
More Ways to Give
Special Projects
Public School Shakedown
> About
> The Education Fellows
Progressive Media Project
> About
> Clinics
The Basics
About Us
Contact Us
Donate
Privacy Policy
Jobs
Internships
Writers Guidelines
The Progressive Inc. publishes The Progressive magazine plus Progressive.org and Public School Shakedown.
© 2020 • The Progressive Inc. • 30 West Mifflin Street, Suite 703 • Madison, Wisconsin 53703 • (608)257-4626
Built with Metro Publisher™