http://www.interaction.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
InterAction.org is owned and operated by InterAction. In recognizing that you may be concerned about information that is made available to us through this website and offline and how that information is used, we are providing this Privacy Statement to answer questions users may have.  If you have any questions or concerns about this statement or our compliance with it, you may contact us at ia@interaction.org, at 202-667-8227 or at 1400 16th Street, NW, Suite 210, Washington, DC 20036.
AGREEMENT TO TERMS:  By using the website, you have agreed to abide by the terms described herein and the transfer, processing and maintenance of your personal and sensitive information in the United States of America.
USE OF CONTENT:  All content on this site, including photos and documents, is provided “as is” without any endorsement or warranty, whether express or implied. In no event will InterAction be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the viewing or use of such content.  Content other than photos may be used for non-commercial or educational purposes only. Photos may not be used without explicit permission from the photographers and/or InterAction. Please contact us if you are interested in using these images.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED:  InterAction does not require users to provide personally identifying information to access most of the site’s content.  However, non-personal information (which cannot be associated with a particular individual) may be collected during your visit. Examples of such information would be IP addresses, browser types and access times. InterAction may aggregate such information to provide summaries of use of InterAction’s website and to better understand the interests of users as a group.
Personally identifying information may be required if users wish to sign up for email lists, make purchases, register for an event, respond to a survey or access member-organization-restricted sections of the site. Personally identifying information may include a user’s name, job roles, affiliations, postal and email addresses. This information is collected and maintained by InterAction in accord with this privacy policy. User profile information is available only to other registered users who work for InterAction or a member organization of InterAction or for those users who request their information to be made publically accessible (i.e., for our speakers bureau).
Users should use caution in submitting personal information on publically accessible sections of the website (i.e., comments, user profiles, shared documents) as such information is publicly available and may be collected and used by others without our knowledge or consent.
InterAction does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from minors without the consent of a parent or guardian. If you believe that we might have any information from or about anyone under the age of 18, please contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
HOW INFORMATION IS USED: InterAction will not sell, exchange or release users’ personally identifying information to any third party, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or valid legal processes, to protect the rights and property of InterAction, or to provide the services or information a user has requested. The information we collect is used to 1) provide improved online content and services; 2) customize the content and/or layout of our site for each individual user; 3) to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
USE OF COOKIES:  Our servers may use “cookies” (a small data file) to track a user’s activity within our site. Cookies do not gather personal information such as email addresses. The information provided by cookies allows InterAction to measure user trends (such as which domains refer users to our site), allow us to provide personalized content where available, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer this website more effectively and to gather broad geographic information about where users are accessing our site from. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, but this may limit your access to some features of the site.
MEMBER ORGANIZATION STAFF: Users affiliated with our member organizations, media outlets or government agencies who supply us with their telephone numbers or postal addresses may be contacted by staff at InterAction or our member organizations regarding upcoming events or campaigns. If you do not wish to receive such contacts, please check the appropriate boxes when completing your user profile or by calling us at the above phone number and providing us with your name and contact details.
DISCLOSURE OF USER INFORMATION: InterAction may disclose user information if required 1) to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws; 2) to respond to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena, or warrant in the manner required by the requesting entity; 3) to take appropriate or necessary action against liability or fraudulent, abusive or unlawful uses; or 4) to protect the integrity of our information technology systems.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION: InterAction works with third-party vendors to provide professional career opportunities (NGOJobBoard.org) and event registration services (Cvent) that include the processing of credit card transactions via Authorize.net. Such third parties may require personally identifying information to process the request in a secure environment. These sites use industry-standard encryption and secure web pages for transmission of credit card information to keep your information secure, accurate, current and complete. Such information may be shared with InterAction to allow us to confirm such transactions and/or to complete the transaction. We process such information under this privacy policy. InterAction does not give permission for the processor nor the third party to share personally identifying information in any way unrelated to the specific transaction. InterAction does not store credit card information. For more information, we encourage you to consult the privacy policies of NGOJobBoard.org (https://ngojobboard.org/terms-and-conditions/) and Cvent (https://www.cvent.com/en/cvent-global-privacy-policy).
CORRECTING OR UPDATING COLLECTED INFORMATION: Upon request, InterAction will make good-faith efforts to provide users with any personally identifying information about them that is gathered, via online and offline, and maintained and to correct this information if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at the user’s request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes) or for which access is not otherwise required. Users can make such requests by contacting us at the above addresses or phone number.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY: From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our site periodically.
InterAction regularly reviews its compliance with this privacy policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or InterAction’s compliance with it by contacting us at the above addresses or phone number.
Share
We use cookies to facilitate your navigation on this website.  By continuing to use this website or clicking on the “OK, I agree” button, you accept our policy on use of cookies in our Privacy Policy page.OK, I AgreeNo Thanks