http://www.afsydney.com.au/privacy/
Login
My Cart
Subscribe to our newsletter
Contact Us
ONLINE
COURSE GUIDE
MenuAboutMembersFrench CoursesMedia CentreEventsServicesDiplomasFaq
My Account
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
GENERAL
The Alliance Française de Sydney will only collect personal information from you with your prior knowledge and consent. You can
browse our website without disclosing personal information.
COMPUTER INFORMATION
Our service provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information, for statistical purposes, for each page accessed the:
IP (Internet Protocol) address of the machine which has accessed it;
top-level of your domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc.);
address of your server;
date and time of your visit to the site;
pages accessed and documents downloaded;
previous site visited; and
type of browser and operating system you have used.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the service provider’s logs.
NAVIGATION DATA
Browsing any website – including the Alliance Française de Sydney website – generates a trail of pages visited and the
time apparently spent displaying each page.
USER FEEDBACK
We seek feedback from our users in order to improve the service offered by the site. Answering feedback questions is voluntary and does not
in any way affect your access to the Alliance Française de Sydney website. Feedback should be made via the Feedback page.
Users may provide personal details for the purpose of receiving a reply to their feedback. This information will only be used for the
purpose for which it was provided. We will not add your email address or name to any mailing list.
The Alliance Française de Sydney may publish aggregated information about feedback on the websites, to the extent that it does not
identify or cannot be used to identify individual users.
DATA STORAGE AND DISCLOSURE
Information collected is stored in an appropriately secure format and held by the Alliance Française de Sydney for archival purposes.
When the information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected it is deleted.
The data is used by the Alliance Française de Sydney website software, and by staff involved in the Alliance Française de
Sydney operations, only for:
website and system administration, including monitoring to prevent security breaches;
customisation of the website to user needs; and
evaluation, research and development.
EMAIL NEWSLETTERS
The Alliance Française de Sydney uses its email newsletters to notify subscribers of events or opportunities. Individuals must
register as subscribers for this service and your details will only be known to the Alliance Française de Sydney staff and will be
disclosed to a third party only in circumstances in which such disclosure is legally authorised, such as in the investigation of a criminal
offence and in compliance with a search warrant or subpoena.
E-COMMERCE WEBSITE
Customer service is fundamental to our business. As part of this service we may use your personal information to offer you products and
services that may benefit you. As part of the registration process a customer may elect not to receive any marketing material. Customer
details and delivery addresses are collected for the purposes of supplying goods to customers and providing after-sales service.
The Alliance Française de Sydney e-commerce website protects your credit card details. This ensures that your credit card details are
seen only by yourself and the bank performing the transactions. No credit card details are captured or stored by the Alliance
Française de Sydney e-commerce site.
We acknowledge the traditional owners of the country on which the Alliance Française de Sydney stands, the Gadigal of the Eora Nation, and
recognise their continuing connection to land, waters and culture.
We pay respect to elders, past, present and emerging.
Contact Us
Subscribe to our newsletter
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© Alliance Française de Sydney
ABN 23 151 008 606 / ACN 000783 139
Website Powered by Oncord
Design by Tiptopweb