http://www.westlancsfreemasons.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Search for:
A
A
Where we meet
Menu
Close
Home
What is Freemasonry
About Freemasonry
History of Freemasonry
Famous Masons
Why I joined
FAQ’s
How do I join ?
Freemasons in the community
Universities’ Scheme
Solomon
Latest news
About us
Who’s who
History of the Province
Our groups
Our lodges
Philanthropy and care
Masonic Charitable Foundation
MCF 2021 Festival
West Lancashire Freemasons’ Charity
Charity team
Care team
Membership
Provincial office
Provincial Grand Master’s diary
Lodge celebrations and installations
In memoriam
Royal Arch
Mentoring
Provincial shop
Halls Support Group
New and young Masons’ club
Masonic links
Contact us
Membership enquiry
Contact the Provincial office
Contact a group secretary
Contact a secretary / scribe Ezra
Contact the Charity team
Contact the WLFC
Contact the
Care team
Contact the Mentoring team
Contact the Hall Support Group
Press enquiry
Our groups
Blackpool
Chorley and Leyland
Eccles
Furness and South Lakeland
Gladstone
Lancaster
Leigh
Liverpool
North Fylde
Ormskirk and Bootle
Preston
South Eastern
South Fylde
Southport
St Helens and Prescot
Warrington
Widnes
Wigan
Woolton and Garston
Privacy policy
Home > Privacy policy
Website Privacy Statement
Data Protection Act 2018 Privacy Notice –Download here
The Provincial Grand Lodge of West Lancashire own and operates this web site.
The Provincial Grand Lodge of West Lancashire does not capture and store any personal information about individuals who access this website, except where you voluntarily choose to give us your personal details via email, or by using an electronic form, or enquiring about any of our services. In these latter cases, the personal data you give the Province of West Lancashire will be used exclusively for providing you with the information you have requested. We do not pass any of your personal data to outside organisations and/or individuals, except with your express consent.
This privacy policy only covers the Provincial Grand Lodge of West Lancashire website at www.westlancsfreemasons.org.uk – Links within this site to other web sites are not covered by this policy.
Cookies
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a small piece of text stored on your computer, phone or whatever you use to surf the internet. Cookies have many uses, but fundamentally they are used to store information about you on your computer.
We encourage you to accept the cookies our website uses as they help us to improve the user experience for you and many others.
The cookies we use are:
Google analytics
We use Google analytics to monitor how our visitors use our website. For example to find out how many people are using the site and which content is the most popular. This information is then used to improve the user experience on our website.
Google analytics tracking uses cookies in order to provide meaningful reports about our site visitors. Google analytics cookies do not collect personal data about our website visitors. For more information about how Google analytics uses cookies please see: http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.html
Google analytic cookies will have the following names:
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz, etc.
To opt out of Google analytics, you can use the analytics opt out browser add-on
Other third-party cookies
We use a number of free third-party services to provide enhanced functionality on this site.
We use YouTube or vimeo to embed videos and addthis to allow our pages to be shared on social media sites. Cookies are used by each of these services to track levels of usage.
To opt out of having cookies set by these services please see the relevant cookie and privacy policies on their respective websites.
To delete cookies or reject cookies
We recommend you allow the cookies we set by this website as they help us provide a better service.
If you do not want to receive cookies from this website, select cookie settings under the privacy settings in your browser options, then add our domain to the list of websites you do not want to accept cookies from.
Under settings you can also delete individual cookies or any cookies that your browser has stored.
You can find more information on how to delete and control cookies at http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=2.
If you set your browser to refuse cookies, please be aware that there may be functionality on various websites that does not work.
Summary of terms
Browser
Used to locate and display web pages via a software application. The most popular ones are Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer and Firefox.  Users may experience some display problems with other browsers.
Cookie
Message given to a web browser by a web server. The message is then stored by the browser in a text file called cookie.txt. Each time the browser requests a page from the server, this message is sent back. A cookie’s main objective is to identify users and personalise their visit by customising web pages for them for example by welcoming them by name next time they visit the same site. A site using cookies will usually invite you to provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address and interests.
IP (Internet Protocol)
All networks connected to the Internet speak IP, the technical standard that allows data to be transmitted between two devices. TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol) is responsible for making sure messages get from one host to another and that the messages are understood.
IP address
If you are connected to the internet you have one, for example it may look something like this 198.184.98.9
Web server
Delivers (serves up) web pages to your computer.
Linking to another site from the website
Our website contains links to other sites, mainly those of Masonic content, but also to those of other third parties. The Province of West Lancashire is not responsible for the privacy practices within any of these other sites. You should be aware of this when you leave the Provincial website and we encourage you to read the privacy statements on other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
Last updated: March 2020
This site uses cookies -
Find out more here
ACCEPT