http://www.ippnw-students.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We respect your right to privacy. This privacy policy seeks to provide you, as a user of this website, with information on the manner, extent, and purpose for collecting, using and processing of personal information (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number, user behavior or IP address).
The data protection for this website is fully GDPR (EU General Data Protection Regulation) compliant.
We are committed to ensuring that data protection regulations are respected both by us and by any external service providers we use.
However, please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.
Personal data is only collected and processed as far as:
This is necessary for the provision and functioning of this website.
You have given us permission to do so.
The collection and processing is required by law.
Personal data will not be disclosed to third parties, except:
In the course of order processing, the data is passed on to service providers with whom we have concluded a data processing contract (AV) in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR.
You explicitly consent to this.
We are required by court order to disclose.
Your personal data will be deleted or blocked as soon as:
The purpose of storage is eliminated.
No statutory regulations require storage.
As of: 24.05.2018
Responsible for data protection
International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War
Students movement
Homepage: www.ippnw-students.org
Contact and information about your rights to information, correction, deletion, cancellation etc. can be found at the end of this Data Protection Policy.
Accessed Data
Server log files
For technical reasons, your internet browser automatically transmits information to the server of our website providet. This information is stored in so-called log files, which collect the following information:
Date and time of your visit, including time zone
File or resource being accessed and amount of data transferred
Referrer URL
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address
Host name and operating system of your computer
Type, language and version of the browser
We use this information solely to generate usage statistics to ensure safe and stable operation of the web server. This is our and our website provider’s legitimate interest when collecting, storing and processing data.
This data will not be disclosed to any third party.
This data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person.
We reserve the right to evaluate this data in detail, if we have concrete evidence suggesting unlawful use of the services offered.
These data are automatically deleted at regular intervals. The data is retained for: 10 days
Provider and Server Location
We operate this website with a hosting service provider with whom we have a GDPR compliant data processing contract. This stipulates the following:
website and user personal data will only be stored and processed within the EU.
all data will be stored and processed in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR.
In accordance with the state of the art, technicians and personnel must take preventive measures to prevent data loss.
The server of this website is located in Germany.
Cookies
This website uses “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. Since they can not be run as program code, they do no harm your computer and cannot contain viruses. They serve to improve the user-friendliness and effectiveness of the website.
By default, the use of cookies is allowed in most browsers. You can customize the use of cookies through the settings of your browser at any time individually, or delete cookies. For a description of how to delete cookies or configure cookies, see the help function of your browser.
Contact forms / e-mail
If you contact us via forms or e-mail, we will save and process your information. If necessary, this could also include your IP address and mail log files. The storage and processing of this data is solely in order to facilitate communication with you and to prevent misuse of communication channels.
The information you provide, including your personal data, will be further processed and answered exclusively by appropriately instructed staff. If we choose to employ subcontractors, your data may also be forwarded to them, but only if they have signed a GDPR compliant processing contract with us.
The personal information you have provided will be deleted if when it is no longer required to process your request and there are no more legal retention requirements.
All other collected data will be deleted automatically. The retention period is: 10 days
Your rights as a user
Cancellation
You have the right pursuant to Art. 7 GDPR to revoke your consent to the storage and processing of your personal data with future effect.
Information
As a user, you have the right under Art. 15 GDPR to receive, upon request, free of charge information about personal data stored about you.
Correction
Furthermore, as a user, you have the right under Art. 16 GDPR to complete or correct any incorrect data that has been stored about you.
Deletion
Insofar as there is no legal obligation to retain data, under Art. 17 GDPR you have the right to have personal data stored about you deleted (“Right to be forgotten”).
Blocking
Furthermore, you have the right according to Art. 18 GDPR to restrict the processing of personal data stored about you.
Objection
As a user, you can object to the future processing of your data in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR at any time.
Contact Person
International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War
European Affiliates
Homepage: www.ippnw.eu
Possibility to complain
Furthermore you can file a complaint about the processing of your personal data by us at a Data Protection Authority in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR.
Contact
IPPNW Central Office
Address: 339 Pleasant Street, Malden, MA 02148 USA
Tel:+1.617.440.1733 (for donor inquiries, please call extension 304)
Fax: +1.617.440.1734
General e-mail: ippnwbos@ippnw.org
IPPNW – Internationalen Ärzte für die Verhütung des Atomkrieges/Ärzte in sozialer Verantwortung e.V.
Xanthe Hall
Körtestr. 10, 10967 Berlin
Tel. +49.30 / 698 07 40, Fax +49.30 / 693 81 66
Email: kontakt[at]ippnw.de
Recent Posts
IPPNW Virtual World Students Congress 2021
Emergency Preparedness: COVID-19 was Failure, just imagine of NUCLEAR War
LIVES versus
LIVELIHOOD
MEDACT Annual General Meet and DSEI Protest 2019
Yellowcake in the Himalayas
Contact
FAQ
Cookies and Privacy PolicyThis site uses cookies and we respect your Privacy. Check out our
Privacy Policy.I accept