https://www.jesuits.global/about-us/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Where we are
Ad Usum Nostrorum
English
EspañolFrançaisItaliano
Privacy policy
Home About Us Privacy policy
Privacy policy and cookie law
Last modified: 5 March 2019
In order to be able to allow access to the pages contained on the website https://jesuits.global, we invite you to review the rules we have applied for the management of personal data in accordance with the provisions of articles 12 and 13 of European regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”).
This statement is made only for the above domain and not for other websites that the user may consult through links to other domains.
The processing of personal data will be based on the principles of correctness, lawfulness, transparency, limitation of purposes and storage, minimization and accuracy, integrity and confidentiality, as well as the principle of accountability under Article. 5 of GDPR. The personal data of users will therefore be processed in accordance with the legislative provisions of the Regulation and the obligations of confidentiality provided for therein.
Data Controller
As a result of the consultation of this site, data relating to identified or identifiable persons may be processed.The Data Controller is the Curia Generalizia della Compagnia di Gesù (hereinafter referred to as the “Holder” or “Entity”), based in Borgo S. Spirito 4, 00193 Rome, Italy.
Type of Data Processed and Purposes of the Processing
Navigation Data
The computer systems and software procedures that operate this website acquire, during their normal exercise, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of the Internet communication protocols. These are details that are not collected to be associated with identified data subjects, but which by their very nature could, through elaborations and associations with data held by third parties, allow to identify users.
In this category of data are the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by the users who connect to the site, the addresses in the Uniform resource Identifier (URI) notation of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used when submitting the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (good end, error, etc.) and other parameters related to the operating system and the user’s computing environment.
This data is used only for the purpose of deriving anonymous statistical information on the use of the site and for checking its correct functioning and is deleted immediately after processing. The data could be used for the assessment of liability in case of hypothetical cyber crimes against the site. Data are deleted after 12 months.
The user assumes responsibility for the personal data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this website and guarantees to have the right to communicate or disseminate them, releasing the Holder from any liability to third parties.
Data Voluntarily Provided by the User
The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mail to the addresses indicated on this site involves the subsequent acquisition of the sender’s address, necessary to answer the requests, as well as any other personal data included in the missive.
Specific summary information will be progressively reported or displayed on the pages of the site set up for particular services on request.
Among the Personal Data collected by this Application, either independently or through third parties, are:
- Cookies
- Usage Data
- Name
- Email
Storage Period
Your data will be processed both by computerized and paper based support, for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the same is collected, observing the rules regarding the protection of personal data, including those relating data security, in order to avoid data’s loss, illegal or not proper uses and not authorized accesses.
Cookie
Websites use intelligent techniques to increase user-friendliness and make sites more interesting for each visitor. One of the best known techniques is the use of cookies. Cookies can be used by website owners or by third parties, such as advertisers, who communicate through the website.
Cookies are small text files that the sites visited by the user send and register on their computer or mobile device, to be retransmitted to the same sites at the next visit. Thanks to cookies, a site remembers the user’s actions and preferences (such as login data, the chosen language, font sizes, other display settings, etc.) so that they do not need to be re-indicated when the user returns to visit this site or navigate from one page to another of it.
Cookies are classified according to their duration and the site that set them.
We believe it is essential to provide you with information about the cookies our website uses and the purposes for which they are used. The goal is threefold: to ensure your privacy, to ensure ease of use and to optimize the development of our website. The following explanation explains in more detail the cookies used on our website and their purpose.
Which Cookies We Use
The Holder uses cookies to collect statistical data on visitors and to record information on the ways they browse this website. The aim is exclusively to improve the quality of the information and services offered by our website to visitors.
Cookies and Their Functionalities
Depending on the specific objectives, different cookies are used. Below is a list of the most common types of cookies and the purposes for which they are used.
Navigation/Session Cookies
The use of the so-called navigation/session cookies – which are not stored persistently on the user’s computer and are deleted by closing the browser – is strictly limited to the transmission of session identifiers (consisting of random numbers server-generated) needed to enable safe and efficient browsing of the site.
Permanent or Profiling Cookies
Permanent cookies store a file on your computer for a long period of time. This type of cookie has an expiration date. Permanent cookies allow websites to remember information and settings on subsequent visits by users, making browsing more convenient and faster, since, for example, it is no longer necessary to log in. On the expiration date, the cookie is automatically deleted when you first access the website that created it.
First-party Cookies
These cookies are set by the websites themselves (with the same domain as that indicated in the address bar of the browser) and can only be read by those websites. They are commonly used to store information such as preferences, to be used at subsequent visits to the site.
Third-party Cookies
These cookies are set by domains other than the one indicated in the browser's address bar, i.e. by organisations that do not correspond to the owners of the websites.
Cookies used, for example, to collect information for advertising purposes and to personalize content, as well as to process web statistics, may be "third-party cookies".
Third-party cookies allow the Holder to obtain more comprehensive surveys of users' browsing habits and are believed to be more sensitive from an integrity perspective. For this reason, most web browsers allow users to change their settings so that these cookies are not accepted.
This website uses cookies from the following third parties:
- Google Analytics
- YouTube
- Buttons and widgets for sharing on social networks (Facebook, Twitter)
Management of Cookies
Since cookies are normal text files, you can access them using most text editors or word processors. To open them, simply click on them. Below is a list of links that explain how to display cookies in your browser. If your browser is not present, please refer to the cookie information provided by your browser. If you are using a mobile phone, please refer to its manual for further information.
- Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox
- Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
- Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
- Safari: https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
Disable/Enable or Delete Cookies
Cookies can be restricted or blocked using your browser settings.
If you prefer that websites do not store any cookies on your computer, please set your browser to notify you before each cookie is stored. Alternatively, you can set your browser to reject all or only third-party cookies. You can also delete all cookies already in the system. It is important to note that the settings must be changed separately in each browser and computer used.
If you disable the storage of cookies, the Entity cannot guarantee the proper functioning of the website. Some functions of the site may not be available and it may no longer be possible to view certain websites. Moreover, blocking cookies does not eliminate the display of advertisements. They will simply no longer be customised to your interests and will be repeated more frequently.
Each browser has its own procedure to change the settings.
If necessary, use the browser's Help function to define the correct settings.
To disable cookies on a mobile phone, please refer to your mobile phone's manual for more information.
More detailed information about cookies on the Internet can be found at http://www.aboutcookies.org/
Other unexpected cookies
Considering the functioning of the Internet and websites, we are not always able to control cookies that are stored by third parties through our website.
This is especially true in cases where the web page contains so-called embedded elements: texts, documents, images or short films that are stored elsewhere but are displayed on or through our website. Therefore, if a cookie is detected on the website that is not attributable to one of the listed third-party services, please let us know. Alternatively, you can contact interested third parties directly and ask about the cookies they send, for what purposes, how long they last and how they guarantee your privacy.
Location and method of processing
The processing of data connected to the web services of this site takes place at the head office of the Entity and is only handled by technical staff of the Entity in charge of processing, or, in case of occasional technical or logistical needs, by professionals who take care of the maintenance of the site or by external subjects who provide specific services (such as couriers, hosting providers, IT companies) also appointed, if necessary, Data Processors by the Holder. The updated list of Data Processors may always be requested from the Data Controller.
Your data will be processed both by computerized and paper based support, for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the same is collected, observing the rules regarding the protection of personal data, including those relating data security, in order to avoid data’s loss, illegal or not proper uses and not authorized accesses.
For the newsletter service, the data will be transferred outside the European Economic Area and processed according to the criteria indicated in the Mailchimp privacy policy.
We use Office365 as our e-mail service provider. The data provided through the contact forms or by writing directly to the e-mail addresses indicated on the site may be transferred outside the European Economic Area, and will be treated according to the criteria indicated in the Microsoft privacy policy.
Optional Nature of Data’s Providing
Apart from what has been specified for navigation data, the user is free to provide personal data contained in the request forms to the Entity or provided when contacting the Entity. Failure to provide such data may result in the impossibility of obtaining what has been requested.
Rights Of Data Subjects
The user, at any time and free of charge and without special formalities for his/her request, has the right to:
- revoke consent to the processing of personal data, even if previously expressed;
- obtain confirmation of the processing of personal data;
- access personal data and know their origin (when the data are not obtained from the user directly), the scope and purposes of processing, the data of the parties to whom they are communicated, the period of storage or the criteria useful to determine it;
- update or rectify personal data so that they are always accurate and correct;
- request the deletion, in the cases provided for by law, of personal data or request the limitation of the treatment;
- obtain a copy of personal data.
Any such request will be dealt with within one month of receipt at the latest, with the option of extending this period by a further two months if necessary, taking into account the complexity and the number of requests received by the Holder.
For any further information and to send your requests, please contact the Data Controller at the address indicated in this information notice.
We remind you that you can submit a complaint to the Guarantor for the protection of personal data in Italy, unless, for specific legal provisions relating to your situation, a supervisory authority of
another Member State of the European Union is competent.
Requests should be addressed to the Data Controller at the following address:
Curia Generalizia della Compagnia di Gesù
Borgo S. Spirito 4
00193 Rome
Italy
privacy(at)sjcuria.org
(Please be aware that only messages related to the Privacy Policy and requests to the Data Controller will be considered when writing to this account. For other messages/requests, please use the "Contact Us" form.)
The Society of Jesus was founded in 1540 by Saint Ignatius Loyola and his companions. The mission of the Jesuits is a mission of justice and reconciliation, working so that women and men can be reconciled with God, with themselves, with each other and with God’s creation.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
News
Father General
Spirituality
Ministries
Join the mission
Media
Universal Apostolic Preferences
Showing the way to God
Walking with the Excluded
Journeying with Youth
Caring for our Common Home
Praying with the Preferences
Send Message
I declare that I have read the Privacy and Cookie Policy of the "Curia Generalizia della Compagnia di Gesù" and consent to the use of the data I provide.
Send Email
Copyrights © 2020 Curia Generalizia della Compagnia di Gesù - All rights reserved
Privacy policy
Borgo S. Spirito, 4 - 00193 - ROME (Italy) ·   +39-06-698681