http://www.artfromthewell.com/terms-of-service/
1. Terms
By accessing the website at http://www.artfromthewell.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Michelle Bennett’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Michelle Bennett’s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Michelle Bennett at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Michelle Bennett’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Michelle Bennett makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Michelle Bennett does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Michelle Bennett or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Michelle Bennett’s website, even if Michelle Bennett or a Michelle Bennett authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Michelle Bennett’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Michelle Bennett does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Michelle Bennett may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Michelle Bennett does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Michelle Bennett has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Michelle Bennett of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
Michelle Bennett may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 1659 Buckhannan Avenue Syracuse, NY 13224 and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Advertisement
Categories
Air Pollution
Business
dab torch
Equipment
Fashion
Gambling
Home
Home Appliances
Home Improvement
Insurance
Kids
Landscaping
Language
Music and Video Production
Pets
Real Estate
SEO
Service
Tech
Weight loss
Visit
LikeBox
Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar
Pages
About Us
How to Lemon Tek Magic Mushrooms
Privacy Policy
Reach Us
Real Estate
Terms of Service
Our Friends
TagsBest
best dab torch
buying a dog bed
chew proof dog bed
Choosing
cleaning
cleaning solutions
credit card
credits
dabbing
dab torch
diet
dog bed
Food
Football
Gambling
Health
Importance of insurance
importance of pets
indoor air pollution
Insurance
interchange
internet marketing
Iphone
management
Music Producer
Online
online presence
Pets
pool
Production
property
SEO services
services
Shoulder Tops
Slimming
Tips
tree company
tree service
tree services
Types of insurance
Ultimate
Unlocking
Video Producer
why keep pets
Recent Posts
Common Safety and Traffic Signs on Schools and Colleges
The Relevance of Labeling Your Kid’s Items
Reasons for Printing Photos on Canvas
The Importance of Learning More New Languages Other Than English
The Importance of Online Reviews for Your Business
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Apr
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031