https://www.sunnyside.cc/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Sunnyside Communities Privacy Policy
Sunnyside Communities (“Community,” “We,” “Us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with the following Privacy Policy. This policy describes:
The types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website (www.sunnysidecommunities.com; “website”) or via email, text or other electronic messages between you and the Community.
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
Our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your only recourse is not to use our website. However, you do have the option to opt-out of some tracking (see: “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information”).
By accessing or using the website, you agree to this privacy policy.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our website, including information:
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your age, gender and interests; how you came to the website (e.g., search engine, third-party website, media campaign or email); and the pages and features of the website you use.
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address or telephone number (“personal information”).
About your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our website, and your location.
We collect this information:
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include IP addresses and information collected through cookies, Web beacons and other tracking technologies (see: “Usage Details, IP Addresses and Cookies and Other Technologies”).
Directly from you when you provide it to us (see: “Information You Provide to Us”).
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Usage Details, IP Addresses, and Cookies and Other Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our website, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not identify any individual. It helps us improve our website and deliver better and more personalized future services by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Analyze and develop the Community’s sales and marketing strategy, determine how visitors find the Community and its website, the user’s interest regarding the Community’s services, and how to improve the Community’s website.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our website.
We do not collect personal Information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or that you provide to us. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). Cookies are a technology of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.”
Web Beacons. Pages of our website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count specific visitors who have visited certain pages or opened and clicked an e-mail. The information we collect from these beacons is sent to our marketing automation and email marketing service called Act-On (www.act-on.com).
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. This includes, but is not limited to, information provided when you submit a request for information or to be contacted by the Community; a request for materials from the Community (e.g., DVDs, white papers and brochures); registering for an event; or subscribing to email communication.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our website and of the fulfillment of your orders.
How We Use Your Information
The Community and/or its agents use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
For marketing purposes.
To present our website and its contents to you.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We never sell your personal information.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
This website uses Google Analytics to track website activity and visitor behavior. If you want to opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics, you may use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Google Analytics also collects data about visits to the website via the DoubleClick cookie and Floodlight tags. This information is being used to provide demographic and interest data about visitors to the website and to target online display advertisements on third-party websites. Using Google’s Ads Settings, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Promotional Offers from the Community. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own services, you can follow the link to unsubscribe from mailing lists at the bottom of email communication; send an e-mail to sunnysidecommunities@gmail.com
stating your request; call 540.568.8518 and ask to be removed from marketing lists. This opt-out does not apply to information provided to the Community as a result of entering into a residence agreement, providing health records or other transaction.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
To review and change your personal information, you may call us at 540.568.8518 or send us an e-mail at sunnysidecommunities@gmail.com   to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website.
Minors
No portion of the Sunnyside Communities website, services and agency services is directed towards minors (individuals below the age of 18). The company does not solicit any information about minors, nor does it market to minors.
Enforcements
Questions or complaints about Sunnyside Communities privacy policy, as well as concerns about the Community’s enforcement of the policy, can be directed to:
Sunnyside Communities
c/o Marketing & Communications
600 University Blvd., Suite L
Harrisonburg, VA  22801
540.568.8518
Policy Change Notification
We may change this policy from time to time.
Sunnyside Toll Free: (800) 237-2257
Kings Grant Toll Free: (800) 462-4649
Summit Square Toll Free: (800) 586-5499