http://www.asburytulsa.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Acceptance of the Terms of Use. These terms of use are entered into by and between You and Asbury United Methodist Church ("Asbury", "we" or "us"). The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, these "Terms of Use"), govern your access to and use of www.asburytulsa.org, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through 1) www.asburytulsa.org (the "Website") or 2) the “Asbury United Methodist Church” mobile applications (regardless of operating system) (the “Mobile Apps”), whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy below carefully before you start to use the Website or download the Mobile Apps. By using the Website and/or the Mobile Apps, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website or download the Mobile Apps.
Changes to the Terms of Use. We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them.  Please note that the date of the last revision of these Terms is set forth above. Your continued use of the Website and/or the Mobile Apps following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website or Mobile Apps and Account Security. We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website and the Mobile Apps, and any service or material we provide on the Website or the Mobile Apps, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website or the Mobile Apps is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website or the Mobile Apps, or the entire Website or Mobile Apps, to users, including registered users.  You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website and the Mobile Apps.  To access the Website or Mobile Apps, or some of the resources they offer, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website and the Mobile Apps that all the information you provide on the Website or through the Mobile Apps is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or the Mobile Apps or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website or the Mobile Apps, is governed by our Privacy Policy below, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.  We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property Rights. The Website and the Mobile Apps, and their entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by Asbury, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.  These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print [or download] one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution.
With respect to any applications we provide for download (including the Mobile Apps), you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications in addition to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.
You must not:
Modify copies of any materials from the Website or the Mobile Apps.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from the Website or the Mobile Apps.
You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Website or the Mobile Apps or any services or materials available through the Website or the Mobile Apps.
If you wish to make any use of material on the Website or the Mobile Apps other than that set out in this section, please address your request to
.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website or the Mobile Apps in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website and the Mobile Apps will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or the Mobile Apps or any content on the Website or the Mobile Apps is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company. Any use of the Website or the Mobile Apps not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Trademarks. All information and material including images and text on this Website or the Mobile Apps are the property of (or under licensed use by) the Company and are subject to copyright protections. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of Asbury. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on this Website and on the Mobile Apps are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Prohibited Uses. You may use the Website and the Mobile Apps only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Website or the Mobile Apps:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with these Terms of Use.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any "junk mail", "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Asbury, an Asbury employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses or other identifiers associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website or the Mobile Apps, or which, as determined by us, may harm Asbury or users of the Website or Mobile Apps or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website or the Mobile Apps in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair them or interfere with any other party's use of the Website or Mobile Apps, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website or the Mobile Apps.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website or the Mobile Apps for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website or the Mobile Apps.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or the Mobile Apps or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website or the Mobile Apps.·
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website or the Mobile Apps, the server on which the Website or the Mobile Apps are stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website or the Mobile Apps.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website or the Mobile Apps.
User Contributions. The Website and the Mobile Apps may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums, bulletin boards, and other interactive features (collectively, "Interactive Services") that allow users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, "Post") content or materials (collectively, "User Contributions") on or through the Website or the Mobile Apps. All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.  Any User Contribution you post to the Website or to the Mobile Apps will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the Website or on the Mobile Apps, you grant us and our  licensees, successors and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material.
You represent and warrant that:
You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our licensees, successors and assigns.
All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not Asbury, have fully responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.  We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Website or the Mobile Apps.
Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination. We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website, the Mobile Apps or the public or could create liability for Asbury.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website or the Mobile Apps.
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website or the Mobile Apps for any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website or through the Mobile Apps. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS ASBURY FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ASBURY DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER ASBURY OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.  However, we cannot review all material before it is posted on the Website or on the Mobile Apps, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Content Standards. These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Copyright Infringement. If you believe that any User Contributions violate your copyright, please notify us at
. It is Asbury’s policy to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers.
Reliance on Information Posted. The information presented on or through the Website or the Mobile Apps is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website or user of the Mobile Apps, or by anyone who may be informed of any of their contents.  The Website and Mobile Apps may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by Asbury, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Asbury. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Changes to the Website or the Mobile Apps. We may update the content on the Website or the Mobile Apps from time to time, but their content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website or the Mobile Apps may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website or use of the Mobile Apps. All information we collect on the Website or through the Mobile Apps is subject to our Privacy Policy below. By using the Website or the Mobile Apps, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features. You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part.  This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website.
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website.
Cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with, and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Website or the Mobile Apps, or portions of either, to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.
Link to any part of the Website other than the homepage.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website or the Mobile Apps that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.  You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.  We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Mobile Activity.  You understand and agree the Mobile Apps may not be encrypted and information transmitted through the Mobile Apps may include personal or confidential information about you. Delivery and receipt of information through the Mobile Apps may be delayed or impacted by factor(s) pertaining to your Internet service provider(s), phone carriers, other parties, or because of other reasons outside of our control. We will not be liable for losses or damages arising from any disclosure of account information to third parties, non-delivery, delayed delivery, misdirected delivery or mishandling of, or inaccurate content in, information and instructions sent through the Mobile Apps. Additionally, not all of the products, services or functionality described on the Website and the Terms of Use (collectively, the “Functionalities”) are available when you use a mobile device or through the Mobile Apps. Therefore, you may not be eligible or able to use all of the Functionalities when you access or try to access them via the Mobile Apps or by using a mobile device (including accessing or trying to access the Website via a mobile device). We reserve the right to determine your eligibility for any product, service, or functionality, including but not limited to the Mobile Apps
Links from the Website or the Mobile Apps. If the Website or Mobile Apps contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. In some cases, the third party's content may be framed in such a way that it may appear you are on the Website or still utilizing the Mobile Apps. Asbury makes no representations or warranties concerning, and is not responsible for, such content or information or the operation of third-party website or electronic services reached by virtue of such links or content, and the presence of such links, information or content does not imply that Asbury sponsors, authorizes or is affiliated with such website(s), services, or third parties, or any services or products offered therein or thereby.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, availability, quality, or usefulness of any Third Party Content.  We accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website or the Mobile Apps, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Use of Cookies.  Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes so that it may track website and user activity. The use of Cookies, as defined in our Privacy Policy below, is an industry standard and you will find them at most major websites. By showing how and when visitors use the Website, Cookies help Asbury to track those areas of our Website that are popular and which areas are not. Many improvements and updates to the Website and to the Mobile Apps are based on data such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
Monitoring.  You acknowledge that Asbury or its designees reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all activity or information transmitted or received through the Website or via the Mobile Apps. Asbury, in its sole discretion and without further notice to you, may (but is not obligated to) review, censor or prohibit any activity or the transmission or receipt of any information which Asbury deems inappropriate or that violates any term or condition of these Terms of Use. During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used for authorized purposes. Use of the Website and of the Mobile Apps, authorized or unauthorized, constitutes consent to such monitoring. Unauthorized uses and unauthorized users of the Website or of the Mobile Apps may be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.  Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone transmitting information through the Website or via the Mobile Apps.  YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS ASBURY, ITS AFFILIATES AND SUBSIDIARIES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, OR ASSIGNS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT OF SUCH MONITORING AND ANY RESULTING INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
Geographic Restrictions. The owner of the Website and the Mobile Apps is based in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. We make no claims that the Website, the Mobile Apps, or any of their content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Website or the Mobile Apps may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website or the Mobile Apps from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties. You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet, the Website or the Mobile Apps will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, THE MOBILE APPS, OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO THEM.  YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE MOBILE APPS, THEIR CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THEM IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, THE MOBILE APPS, THEIR CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR THROUGH THE MOBILE APPS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER ASBURY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH ASBURY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER ASBURY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH ASBURY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS, THEIR CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS. ASBURY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation on Liability.  IN NO EVENT WILL ASBURY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS, ANY WEBSITES OR APPLICATIONS LINKED TO THEM, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR APPLICATIONS OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR APPLICATIONS, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification.  You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Asbury, its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website or the Mobile Apps, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Website's or the Mobile Apps’ content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website or the Mobile Apps.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. All matters relating to the Website, the Mobile Apps and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Oklahoma without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Oklahoma or any other jurisdiction).  Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use, the Website, or the Mobile Apps shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Oklahoma in each case located in the City of Tulsa and County of Tulsa. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Arbitration. At Asbury’s sole discretion, it may require You to submit any disputes arising from the use of these Terms of Use, the Website, or the Mobile Apps, including disputes arising from or concerning their interpretation, violation, invalidity, non-performance, or termination, to final and binding arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association applying Oklahoma law.
Limitation on Time to File Claims. ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPS MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Waiver and Severability. No waiver by Asbury of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Asbury to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.  If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement. The Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Asbury with respect to the Website and the Mobile Apps and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website and the Mobile Apps.
Termination.  You agree that Asbury may, at its sole discretion, deny you access to the Website or the Mobile Apps and disable any username and password associated with you for any reason, including, without limitation, if Asbury believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use. Asbury reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the service offered under the Website or the Mobile Apps (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that neither Asbury nor its affiliates or subsidiaries, nor their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, successors or assigns shall be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the services offered under the Website or the Mobile Apps
Your Comments and Concerns. The Website and the Mobile Apps are operated by Asbury United Methodist Church, 6767 S. Mingo Rd., Tulsa, OK 74133. All notices of copyright infringement claims and any feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website or the Mobile Apps should be directed to should be sent to
.