http://www.sexualityandu.ca/gdpr-privacy-policy/
Your Body
The Human Body
Sex vs Gender
Puberty
Your Period
Sexual Reproduction
Self-image
Body Modification
Tests & Self-Exams
Sexual Activity
What is Sex?
Sexual Arousal & Orgasms
Sexual Attraction
Am I Ready?
Types of Relationships
Concerns & Sexual Problems
LGBTTQ+
Overview
Sexual Orientation
Gender Identity
Coming Out
Awareness & Respect
STIs
Chlamydia
Gonorrhea
Syphilis
HPV
Trichomoniasis
HIV
Hepatitis B
Hepatitis C
Herpes
Pubic Lice
Scabies
Contraception
Emergency Contraception
Hormonal Contraception
Non-Hormonal Contraception
Natural Methods
Stay on Schedule
It’s a Plan
Pregnancy
Am I / Is My Partner Pregnant?
Planned Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
Consent
What is Consent?
Sexual Assault
Sexual Harassment
Online Safety
Resources
Resource Library
Order Materials
Français
Other SOGC sites
HPV
Your Period
Pregnancy Info
Menopause
SOGC.org
Search
Search
Search
Search
SexandU.ca takes a real-life approach to the questions and issues around sex and sexuality that matter most to Canadians. From talking about sex, to lifestyle choices, to contraception awareness and sexually transmitted infections, SexandU.ca provides accurate, credible, and up-to-date information and education on topics related to sexual and reproductive health.
SexandU.ca is an initiative of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada, Canada’s leading authority on sexual and reproductive health.
No Means No
Consent is a voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity.
Read More
Helping you make decisions about contraception.
Read More
Symptoms, Prevention, and Treatment of STIs
Read More
SOS - Stay on Schedule
Your guide to taking contraception after a missed or extended dose.
Read More
Join Our Email List
Stay up to date on the latest scientific facts on sexual health topics.
Your Email Address *
Submit
It’s a plan – Helping you make decisions about contraception
With so many options available, making the right decisions about contraception can be overwhelming.
It’s a Plan was created to help you and your health care provider determine the contraception method that is best for you.
CLICK HERE
SOS - Stay on Schedule
Taking hormonal contraception means trying to stay on schedule with your doses,
which isn’t always easy to do.
The Stay on Schedule tool is your guide for knowing what to do if you miss a dose
or forget to take your birth control on time.
Click Here
About the SOGC
The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada (SOGC) is a professional health association representing a multidisciplinary membership of over 3,500 health professionals, including obstetricians, gynaecologists, family physicians, nurses, midwives, and allied health professionals, all working in the field of sexual and reproductive health.
The Society’s mission is to promote excellence in the practice of obstetrics and gynaecology, and to advance the health of women at home and around the world through leadership, advocacy, collaboration, and education.
The SOGC is Canada’s leading authority on sexual and reproductive health and produces national guidelines for public and medical education.
We use cookies to improve functionality and performance. By clicking "OK" or by continuing to browse this site, you agree to the use of cookies. To find out more, visit the cookies section of our privacy policy.
OK