http://www.humanhand.com/privacy.html
HumanHand.com
:: home
:: about us
:: ask a question
:: handy introduction
:: handy how-to guide
:: palmistry secrets
:: articles & reviews
:: ebooks
:: certification course
:: private readings
:: corporate events
:: list of palm readers
:: handy links
Certification Course
Holistic Cheirology™ is a certification program covering all the basics of palmistry, hand analysis, finger movements, hand positions, palmar massage techniques and even meditation practices.
» Learn More
Sign up for my free newsletter!
First Name:
Last Name:
E-Mail:
Privacy Policy
Save This Page
I respect your privacy. The following explains what information may be collected while you visit the HumanHand.com website, and how the information is used. This privacy policy is subject to change, so check back occasionally for updates.
This privacy policy was last updated August 3, 2007.
General Information Collected
Every time a visitor comes to HumanHand.com, some information may be automatically collected for aggregate website statistics. This information does not in any way identify individual persons.
Cookies are used to collect anonymous traffic data.
HumanHand.com may disclose aggregated user stats to describe our services to prospective partners and advertisers.
Google Analytics is used throughout HumanHand.com.
Cookies
Some advertisers use "cookies" and other specialized tracking software to collect information for their own purposes. The collection and use of information by advertisers and other third parties is not covered by this privacy statement.
The HumanHand.com website can be viewed with cookies disabled.
HumanHand.com Newsletter
When you sign up for the HumanHand.com newsletter, your personal information and email address will never be shared with 3rd parties.
You can unsubscribe at any time by sending an email to ken@humanhand.com with the subject "unsubscribe".
Email Questions
Effective August 3, 2007.
Some email questions may be reprinted and/or answered on the Palmistry and Hand Analysis Blog
Effective April 18, 2006: Some email questions will also be answered on the weekly Handman Podcast.
Effective December 2, 2005: Some email questions received after December 2, 2005 may be shared with students of the Holistic Cheirology course for instructional purposes. Course students do not answer any of these emails, and no student will contact you directly for any reason.
Occasionally, some questions may receive more than one reply (ie; If the information requested was not available at first, but located at a later date).
"Email This Page" Feature
The "email this page" service is professionally managed by tell-a-friend-king.com. This feature uses a secure server, and contains no 3rd-party advertisements. Any information sent through the Refer This Page service may be recorded and stored for internal purposes, including website development. Email addresses are not added to any mailing list unless specifically requested. (When you refer a page, you will be given a chance to subscribe to the HumanHand.com newsletter.)
Reporting Abuse
If you have any concerns regarding our use of information or this privacy policy, please send them to abuse@humanhand.com.
Top of Page
Home - About/Contact - Ask a Question - Introduction - Layman's Guide - Handy Secrets - Articles & Reviews - eBooks - Holistic Cheirology™ - Private Readings - Corporate Events - Directory of Professionals - Handy Links - Web Awards
- Advertisers - Privacy
Articles: Baby Sign Language - Dispensation of Dermatoglyphic Whorls - Finger and Knuckle Names - Fingernail Problems - The Forer Effect - Free Palm Readings - Hand Transplant Options - Healing Hands - How to Find a Qualified Palm Reader - Making Fingerprints - Palmistry Myths - The Phoenix Logo
- PalmTherapy - Simian Line - more....
© Copyright 1998-2006 Red Phoenix Productions. All Rights Reserved. Written by Kenneth A. Lagerstrom