http://www.ncsl.org/our-american-states/2020/09/21/data-privacy-state-legislation-and-the-pandemic-oas-episode-107.aspx
Login
|
Create Account
|
Contact |
Help
PODCAST ARCHIVES | BY CATEGORY
Building_Democracy (4)COVID-19 (17)Criminal Justice (6)Education (9)Elections (11)Energy (1)Fiscal (7)Health (10)Human Services (8)Leadership (3)Legislative Staff (7)Legislators (10)Legislatures (14)Military/Veterans (2)Public Policy (17)Summit (4)Technology (5)Transportation (5)U.S. Supreme Court (6)What I Wish I Knew ... (2)
Our American States | An NCSL Podcast
Contact
Mick Bullock
The “Our American States” podcast—produced by the National Conference of State Legislatures—is where you can hear compelling conversations that tell the story of America’s state legislatures, the people in them, the politics that compel them, and the important work of democracy.
You can listen to the podcast on this page, you can subscribe through iTunes, Google Play, Spotify or Stitcher, or you can use the RSS icon at the right to copy a feed URL for your podcatcher.
Downloading a Podcast Step-by-Step
Current
Articles
|
Archives
|
Search
21
Data Privacy, State Legislation and the Pandemic | OAS Episode 107
Consumer concern about data privacy has been mounting for the last few years in light of numerous data breaches. Many people also are aware of recent major governmental actions to protect privacy. One of the most far-reaching was Europe’s General Data Protection Regulation, passed in May 2018. The California Consumer Privacy Act, passed in 2018, went into effect this year and was by far the most comprehensive law enacted in any state.
This podcast focuses on data privacy and features a discussion with Ted Claypoole, an attorney with Womble Bond Dickinson in Atlanta and one of the nation’s top legal experts on data privacy. Claypoole has more than 30 years of experience representing clients in in the public and private sector on issues related to software, data management and security. He is also one of the contributors to the HeyDataData technology blog.
I talked with Claypoole about the ramifications of those laws, the prospect for more comprehensive data privacy laws in the states, the likelihood that Congress will look at a comprehensive data privacy law, and privacy issues related to artificial intelligence.
Resources
HeyDataData Blog
NCSL: Coronavirus Resources for States Page
NCSL: Data Privacy Documents
Posted in:
Technology
Actions:
E-mail |
Permalink |
Related Files
OAS_Episode_107 (25.2 MB)
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PODCAST
Subscribe in a reader
You can add the feed for this podcast to a podcatcher by clicking the RSS link above.
You can subscribe to this podcast by searching for "Our American States" in iTunes, Spotify, Stitcher or the Google Play store. You also can follow the links embedded in the logos below to the appropriate page on iTunes, Spotify or Google Play.
Copyright 2020 by National Conference of State Legislatures
Terms Of Use
|
Privacy Statement
This website uses cookies to analyze traffic and for other purposes. You consent to the use of cookies if you use this website.
Continue
Our online privacy policy