http://www.gita-society.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy governs the manner in which International Gita Society collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://gita-society website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by International Gita Society.Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.How we use collected informationInternational Gita Society Industries may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:– To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.– To improve our SiteWe may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.– To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.Changes to this privacy policyInternational Gita Society Industries has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:International Gita SocietyThis document was last updated on December 23, 2019
Fifth Edition Gita for KindleSALE: Fifth Edition Gita for Kindle and all mobile devices at $2.99. Also purchase paperback copies.
Support Us