https://www.veggiematchmakers.com/privacy/index.html
43 Members Online
Toggle navigation
HomeTestimonialsServicesCouponsAboutSearch
My ProfileMessagesFriendsSettingsLogin
HomeTestimonialsServicesCouponsAboutSearch
My ProfileMessagesFriendsSettingsLogin
My ProfileMessagesFriendsSettingsLogin
43 Members Online
ATTENTION: YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD TO REGISTER ON OR USE THIS
WEBSITE. ACCESS OR USE OF THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENTS BY ANY PERSON UNDER THE AGE
OF 18 IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED
These Terms are issued by https://www.veggiematchmakers.com/ (the “Company”). Please
read this Member Terms and Conditions Agreement (the "Agreement")
carefully. The Agreement sets out the terms under which the Website
services (the "Services") are provided to you by us and applies to
the entire contents of the Website under the domain name https://www.veggiematchmakers.com/
(the “Website” ) and to any correspondence by e-mail between you
and us. Please read this Agreement carefully before using this Website.
By registering with Website, you become a Member (a "Member"),
and you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement (the
"Terms") for as long as you continue to be a Member. Visitors to the
Website who do not register as a member also agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you do not agree to the Terms, please do not register for the Website Service or otherwise access or use this Website.
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 By accessing any part of the Website, you shall be deemed to have accepted
the Terms in full. If you do not accept these Terms in full, you must leave
the Website immediately.
1.2 You are responsible for obtaining access to the Website, and that access
may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges).
You are responsible for those fees. In addition, you must provide and are responsible
for all equipment necessary to access the Website.
1.3 The Company makes no guarantee that the Website will be secure, continuously
accessible – without interruption or delay – and completely error
free 100% of the time. The Company accepts no liability or responsibility for
any breaches of security, interruptions or delays, or errors, which you might
experience on the Website other than as set out in these Terms.
1.4 Access to the Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice
in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond the
Company’s control.
1.5 The Company reserves the right to modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently
the Website (or any part of it) with or without notice and shall not be liable
to you or any third party for any modification or withdrawal of the Website.
2. OUR RIGHTS
2.1 We reserve the right at any time to:
2.1.1 Change the terms and conditions of the Agreement;
2.1.2 Change the Website, including eliminating or discontinuing any content
on or feature of the Website; or
2.1.3 Change any membership fees or charges for using the Website.
2.2. Any changes we make will be effective immediately upon notice, which
we may provide by means including, without limitation, posting on the Website
or email. Your use of the Website after such notice will be deemed acceptance
of the changes. Be sure to review this Agreement periodically to ensure familiarity
with the most current version. Upon our request, you agree to sign a non-electronic
version of this Agreement.
3. REGISTRATION
3.1 To become a Member you must register with us. When and if you register
to become a Member, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete information
about yourself as prompted by our registration form ("Registration Data"),
and to maintain and update your information to keep it accurate, current and
complete. You agree that we may rely on your Registration Data as accurate,
current and complete. You acknowledge that if your Registration Data is untrue,
inaccurate, not current or incomplete in any respect, we reserve the right to
terminate this Agreement and your use of the Website.
3.2 When you register, we will require that you provide sufficient information
to indicate that you are at least 18 years old. By becoming a Member, you represent
and warrant that you are at least 18 years old, which is the minimum required
age to become a Member. However, we cannot guarantee that each Member is at
least the required minimum age, nor do we accept responsibility or liability
for any content, communication or other use or access of the Website by persons
under the age of 18 in violation of these Terms.
3.3 Either you or Website may terminate your Membership at any
time, for any reason, effective upon sending written notice to the other party.
All Membership fees paid are non-refundable. We reserve the right to immediately
suspend or terminate your access to the Service, without notice, upon any breach
of this Agreement by you, which is brought to our attention.
3.4 Your Membership in the Service is for your sole, personal use. You may
not authorise others to use your Membership, and you may not assign or otherwise
transfer your account to any other person or entity
4. USERNAME AND PASSWORD.
4.1 As part of the registration process, you will be asked to select a username
and password. We may refuse to grant any username that impersonates someone
else, is or may be illegal, is or may be protected by trademark or other proprietary
rights law, is vulgar or otherwise offensive, or may cause confusion, as we
determine in our sole discretion. You are responsible for the confidentiality
and use of your username and password and agree not to transfer or resell your
use of or access to the Website to any third party. If you have reason to believe
that your account is no longer secure, you must promptly change your password
by updating your account information, available at the 'MyCrowd' Page after
logging on to Website web-Website, and immediately notify us by
emailing us. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIALITY
OF YOUR USERNAME AND PASSWORD AND FOR ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES THAT ARE CONDUCTED
THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT and for restricting access to Your computer to prevent
unauthorised access following registration.
5. PAYMENT
5.1 Our fees are as set out in our Website from time to time. Fees are due
in full in advance and are payable monthly unless you have opted for lifetime
membership where one payment is due in advance.
5.2 Upon registering for the Services you will be sent your user registration
details and payment confirmation e-mail, which contains your payment reference.
You must keep a copy of this information as this may be required if you want
to cancel your FuturePay agreement.
5.3 Once you have started using the Services you shall not be entitled to
any refund unless there is an error in the operation of our program or processes
that results in the Services being unavailable for 48 hours or more in any one
consecutive period . If you feel that the Services have been defective in any
way you must contact our Support Team using the Contact Form on the Website,
with your reasons for claiming a refund plus a copy of your user registration
details and Transaction id Number or Payment invoice (without this we will be
unable to help).
5.4 Where we agree to a refund, the refund will be made within 30 days of
your application. If a refund is granted then this will be on a pro-rated basis
for how long you have used the membership. A small administration charge will
be deducted from the amount paid.
5.5 In the event that:
5.5.1 we are unable to process your payment details within three days of the
due date;
5.5.2 your payment is refused; or
5.5.3 your payment is not cleared
the Services will terminate automatically.
6. ONLINE CONDUCT
6.1 As a Member, you agree that:
6.1.1 You are solely responsible for the content or information you publish
or display (hereinafter, "post") on the Service, or transmit to other
Members.
6.1.2 You will not post on the Service, or transmit to other Members or employees,
any defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, obscene, profane, offensive sexually oriented,
threatening, harassing, racially offensive, or illegal material, or any material
that infringes or violates another party's rights (including, but not limited
to, intellectual property rights, and rights of privacy and publicity).
6.1.3 You will use the Service in a manner consistent with any and all applicable
laws and regulations. You will not include in your profile any telephone numbers,
street addresses, last names, URLs, email addresses, offensive references, or
offensive language, or any confidential information of any third person, and
you will not post any photographs or other images containing personal information.
We reserves the right, but has no obligation, to reject any profile or photograph
or image that does not comply with the following prohibitions:
(a) You will not impersonate any person or entity;
(b) You will not "stalk" or otherwise harass any person;
(c) You will not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other Members
to buy or sell any products or services through the Service. You will not transmit
any chain letters, spam or junk email to other Members;
(d) You will not express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed
by us, without our specific prior written consent;
(e) You will not harvest or collect personal information about other members
whether or not for commercial purposes, without their express consent;
(f) You will not use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application,
or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data
mine", or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure
or presentation of the Website or its contents;
(g) You will not post, distribute or reproduce in any way any copyrighted
material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the
prior consent of the owner of such proprietary rights;
(h) You will not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights
notices contained in the Website;
(i) You will not interfere with or disrupt the Services or the Website or
the servers or networks connected to the Services or the Website;
(j) You will not post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains
software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt,
destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications
equipment;
(k) You will not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order
to disguise the origin of any information transmitted through the Service;
(l) You will not "frame" or "mirror" any part of the Website,
without our prior written authorization. You also shall not use metatags or
code or other devices containing any reference to Website or the
Service or the Website in order to direct any person to any other Web Website
for any purpose;
(m) You will not modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer,
decipher, decompile or otherwise disassemble any portion of the Website or any
software used on or for the Website or cause others to do so;
(n) You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Members. Website reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes
between you and other Members;
(o) We do not exclude any liability for death or personal injury due to our
negligence.
7. INDEMNITY BY MEMBER
7.1 You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against all claims,
expenses and costs (including legal costs) incurred or suffered by us as a result
of or in connection with (i) your breach of this Agreement; (ii) any allegation
that any materials that you submit to us or transmit to the Website infringe
or otherwise violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual
property or other rights of any third party; and/or (iii) your activities in
connection with the Website unless as a result of your compliance with our requirements.
8. ONLINE CONTENT
8.1 Opinions, advice, statements, offers or other information or content made
available through the Service are those of their respective member-author and
not of Website, and should not be relied upon. Such Members are
solely responsible for such content. We do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness
or usefulness of any information on the Service and neither adopts nor endorses
nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or
statement made. Under no circumstances will Website be responsible
for any loss or damage resulting from anyone's reliance on information or other
content posted on the Service or transmitted to Members.
8.2 The Website may contain links to other websites or resources operated
by parties other than the Company . The Company's inclusion of hyperlinks to
such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites
or any association with their operators . You acknowledge and agree that we
shall not be held responsible for the legality, accuracy or inappropriate nature
of any content, advertising, products, services or information located on or
through any other websites or for the operation or policies of any such websites,
nor for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by the use
of or reliance on any such Websites or such content or other information.
8.3 Links to third party websites on this Website are provided solely for
your convenience. If you use these links, you leave the Website. If you decide
to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely
at your own risk.
9. WARNING - PLEASE READ:
9.1 It is possible that other Members or users (including unauthorized users,
or "hackers") may post or transmit offensive or obscene materials
on the Service and that you may be involuntarily exposed to such offensive and
obscene materials. It is also possible for others to obtain personal information
about you due to your use of the Service, and that the recipient may use such
information to harass or injure you. Website is not responsible
for the use of any personal information that you may disclose on the Service.
Please carefully select the type of information that you post on the Service
or release to others.
9.2 Website reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor
the materials posted in any area of the Service. Website shall
have the right but not the obligation to remove any such material that violates,
or is alleged to violate, the law or this Agreement. Notwithstanding this right
of Website, you remain solely responsible for the content of the
materials you post in any area of the Service and your private email messages.
Emails sent between you and other members that are not readily accessible to
the general public will be treated as private by Website to the
extent required by applicable law and pursuant to the commercially reasonable
efforts of Website.
10. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
10.1 The Website, its design, layout, look, appearance and graphics and any
necessary software used in connection with the Services and the Website is the
exclusive property of the Company.
10.2 Any content contained in sponsor advertisements or any information presented
to you through the Website is protected by copyright, trademarks, service marks,
patents or other proprietary rights.
10.3 Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and other intellectual property
rights in all material on the Website are owned by [or licensed to the Company].
In addition, other Members may post copyrighted information, which has copyright
protection whether or not it is identified as copyrighted. Except for that information
which is in the public domain or for which you have been given permission, you
will not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display or sell
any such proprietary information.
10.4 By posting information or content to any area of Website,
you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right
to grant, to Website and other Members an irrevocable, perpetual,
non-exclusive, fully-paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display
and distribute such information and content and to prepare derivative works
of, or incorporate into other works, such information and content, and to grant
and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing.
COPYRIGHT POLICY
10.6 We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our Members
to do the same. If you believe that a copy of your work is available on the
Website without your consent or that a copyright infringement has otherwise
occurred, please supply us with the following information:
10.6.1 A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
10.6.2 Details of where the infringing material is located on the Website;
10.6.3 Your address, telephone number and email address;
10.6.4 A statement by you that you believe in good faith that the use of the
work on the Website is not authorized by the copyright owner or any person entitled
to act on their behalf or by law; and
10.6.5 An affidavit executed by you that the information you provide concerning
the copyright infringed is accurate and that you are the copyright owner authorized
to act on their behalf.
11. INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY MEMBER
11.1 We will respect your personal information and undertake to comply with
all applicable data protection legislation in the UK and other jurisdictions
in which we offer the Service, subject to the Privacy Policy of Website.
11.2 The personal information (including sensitive personal information) you
provide to us will be stored on computer. You consent to us using this information
to build up a profile of interests, preferences and browsing patterns and to
allow you to participate in the Website Service. All Members also
agree to uphold and maintain our Privacy Policy and to the terms and conditions
thereof.
12. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
12.1 By entering the Website you agree that under no circumstance will the
Company or its agents, officers or employees be held liable or responsible for:
any content contained on or omitted from the Website; any person’s reliance
on any such content, whether or not the content is complete, current or correct;
any viruses or defects that may be found to exist on the Website.
12.2 The Company will not be liable or responsible for any damage or loss
caused as a result of your doing, or not doing, anything as a result of reading,
viewing or listening to any material, or any part of it, on the Website.
12.3 The Company is not liable or responsible for any inaccuracies, errors
(including typographical errors) or omissions, or for the results obtained from
the use of the Website or its content. Website PROVIDES THE SERVICE
AND THE SITE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND GRANTS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, IN ANY COMMUNICATION WITH Website
OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES, OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE OR THE SITE.
Website SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Website
DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR, AND NO WARRANTY IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO, TELEPHONE
OR OTHER SERVICE, INCLUDING COVERAGE, RANGE, OR ANY INTERRUPTION IN TELEPHONE
OR OTHER SERVICE.
12.4 The views expressed on the Website do not necessarily reflect the views
of the Company. All content, and any advice received via the Website, are not
intended, and should not be relied upon, for any personal, professional, legal,
or religious decisions you may wish to make. Instead you should consult an appropriate
professional in order to obtain specific advice tailored to your situation.
12.5 Material on the Website may be susceptible to data corruption, interception
and unauthorised amendment for which the Company does not accept liability or
responsibility. The Company does not accept liability or responsibility for
the presence of any computer viruses contained in any material on the Website,
whether it is read, viewed, listened to, copied, downloaded, printed or accessed
in any other way. The Company does not accept liability or responsibility for
any losses caused as a result of any computer viruses contained in any material
on the Website.
12.6 Advertisements (including banner adverts and pop-ups) featured on the
Website do not imply endorsement of the services or products advertised. The
Company will not be liable or responsible for services or products advertised
nor will the Company be liable or responsible for any damage to your computer
equipment, software, data or other property as the result of your viewing, or
responding to, advertisements (including banner adverts and pop-ups) featured
on the Website.
12.7 The Company does not guarantee that the Website will be compatible with
all hardware and software that may be used by you. The Company will not be held
liable or responsible for any damage to your computer equipment, software, data
or other property as the result of your access to, use of, or browsing of any
material on the Website.
12.8 If your use of material on the Website results in the need for servicing,
repair or correction of equipment, software or data, you shall be responsible
for all costs thereof.
12.9 Nothing in these Terms shall exclude any liability of the Company, which
cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
12.10 Subject to Clause 11.9 you enter the Website entirely at your own risk
and if you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Website, or with any of
these Terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the
Website.
13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
13.1 Website NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY indirect or consequential
loss, damage or expenses (including loss of profits, business or goodwill) INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PROGRAMS, COST OF PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OR SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR THE WEBSITE and we shall have no liability to
pay any money to you by way of compensation other than to refund you the amount
paid by you for the SERVICES.
13.2 In addition, Website disclaims all liability, regardless
of the form of action, for the acts or omissions of other Members or users (including
unauthorized users, or "hackers") of the Service.
13.3 Certain jurisdictions limit the applicability of warranty disclaimers
and limitations of liability so the above disclaimers of warranty and limitations
of liability may not apply to you.
13.4 We shall have no liability to you for any failure to provide the Services
to you if caused by any event or circumstances beyond our reasonable control
including, without limitation, strikes, lockouts and other industrial disputes,
breakdown or systems or network access, flood, fire, explosion or accident.
13.5 Although we have limited our liability in this Clause 12 nothing in these
Terms limits our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence
and nothing affects your legal rights.
14. COMPLAINTS
14.1 To resolve a complaint regarding the Service or the Website, you should
contact Website Customer Support using the Contact for on the
Website
15. INVALIDITY
15.1 If any part of this Agreement is unenforceable including any provision
in which we exclude our liability to you the enforceability of any other part
of these conditions will not be affected.
16. PRIVACY
16.1 You acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of our privacy policy
and Website terms and conditions.
17. GENERAL PROVISIONS
17.1 The Company may assign the Agreement or subcontract any or all of its
rights and obligations under the Agreement. You may not assign, transfer, charge
or deal in any other manner with the Agreement or any of its rights under it
without the prior written consent of Website .
17.2 The Agreement shall terminate immediately and without notice if you breach
any of the Terms, subject to the survival of all rights and reservations of
Website.
17.3 A person who is not a party to this agreement has no right under Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement but
this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is
available apart from that Act
17.4 The contract between us shall be governed and interpreted in accordance
with English law and the English Courts shall have jurisdiction to resolve any
disputes between us.
17.5 These Terms together with our current website prices, contact details
and privacy policy set out the whole of our agreement relating to the supply
of the goods to you by us. Nothing said by any sales person on our behalf should
be understood as a variation of these terms and conditions or as an authorised
representation about the nature or quality of any goods offered for sale by
us. Save for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation we shall have no liability
for any such representation being untrue or misleading.
17.6 Unless otherwise explicitly stated, the Terms will survive termination
of your Membership to the Service.
17.7 If any part of these terms and conditions are unenforceable including
any provision in which we exclude our liability to you the enforceability of
any other part of these conditions will not be affected.
17.8 The Member certifies that the Member has read and agrees to be bound
by these Website Member Terms and Conditions.
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Signup Now!
HomePrivacy PolicyContact UsFAQsLinks PageHow to JoinSite Map
© 2020 - All Rights Reserved -
Dating Software Powered by AdvanDate,LLCClose Contact Form Enter your message below to contact Message Close
Send a wink to . by slecting from the message below.Message
I just wanted to say hi..When they made the alphabet they should have put U and I together.Is your dad an alien because their is nothing else like you in this world!Hi, I just wanted to give you the satisfaction of turning me down; go ahead say no.Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes!You look like the type of guy/girl who's heard every line in the book...so what's one more?Is it hot in here or is it you?Screw me if I'm wrong, but you want to kiss me don't you?Hi, I'm not trying to pressure you, I don't want to have sex without mutual consent; and by the way, you have my consent.What's your favorite color?Do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes.