http://www.geneseo.edu/health/self-help
Self-Help & Self-Care | SUNY Geneseo
Health & Counseling
COVID 19 TESTING REQUIREMENT
Crisis & Emergency Resources
Red Folder
Campus Emergencies
Public Access Defibrillation
Mission Statement / Meet Our Staff
Frequently Asked Questions
Forms
Quick Links & Resources
Health Services
New and Transfer Students
Resource Nurse (CCRN)
Tuberculosis Disease
International/Exchange Student
Study Abroad
Our Services, Health
Student Health Fee
Insurance Information
PrEP Pre-Exposure Prophyslaxis
Sexual Health Services
Reproductive Health
Reproductive Health Center
Contraceptive Options
Sexual Health Concerns
Men's Health
Helpful Links
Counseling Services
Our Services
Psychiatric Services
Counseling Staff
Self-Help & Self-Care
Resources & How to Help
Off-Campus Referrals
Mental Health Concerns
Practicum & Internship
Alcohol and Other Drug (AOD) Program
Alcohol & Other Drugs
Additional AOD Resources
Health Promotion
Healthy Geneseo
Geneseo Healthguards
Hot Topics!
Wellness in Nature
Student Health Advisory Committee (SHAC)
Privacy Policies
Breadcrumb
Home
Health & Counseling
Self-Help & Self-Care
Self-Help & Self-Care
For specific assistance with the 2020 Covid-19 pandemic as well as additional self-care tools, see also our Coping with Covid page.
Online Screening Program
Behavioral health – which includes mental health, substance use, and more – is a key part of your overall well-being. Brief screenings are quick, anonymous, and free.  They provide information and next steps.
How are you feeling today?Take a Screening
For more information on Anxiety & Stress, Depression & Suicide, Eating Disorders, Alcohol & Drugs, and other topics, visit our Common Mental Health Issues page.  This page also includes tips on Helping a Friend.
Healthy Geneseo
Healthy Geneseo, "Wellness Happens Here," is Geneseo's wellness campaign and is run by the Health Promotion office.  The Healthy Geneseo page includes a wealth of self-care options and programming.
Mind-Body Options
YogiBethC -  Dr. Beth Cholette (Geneseo psychologist/yoga teacher) offers accessible yoga practices and meditations on her YouTube channel (for fun brief practices, also try her channel for kids, Breathing Breaks)
The Grounding Toolkit - an 18-page resource for students focused on physical grounding, mental grounding, and soothing grounding techniques
Coping with Covid - we have a page devoted to specific coping resources, including additional care packages & mind-body options
Wellness in Nature
Nature heals!  Read about Geneseo green spaces and other ideas for getting outdoors.  Also check out our Things to Do in Western NY page, which focuses largely on outdoor/nature activities.
Health & Wellness Apps
We have vetted a listing of free apps that may be helpful to students. The options include stress trackers, breathing tools, guided meditations, sleep helpers, and more.  If you have/are thinking about trying another app, take a look at PsyberGuide, which offers professional reviews of mental health apps.
Journal Writing
Journal writing can be a valuable means of  self-care or self-exploration. Your writing can take many different forms, such as lists, random thoughts, and single-sentences daily reflections.  You might also find it helpful to write "never to be sent" messages, expressing your strong feels to others in an indirect way.
If you are interested in journal writing, the following web sites may also be helpful:
Write to Relax- a summary journaling benefits and different ways to journal
Gratitude Journal - tips and prompts for keeping a gratitude journal
Journal for You! - options for different types of journals plus lots of freebies
Conversations within... - focuses on journal writing and inner dialog
Feeling Words - a list of "feeling words" to assist your writing
R.E.S.P.E.C.T. Model
Routines are helpful. Continue to get up, to get dressed, to attend classes and other activities. Having structure can keep emotions from becoming overwhelming.
Eat regular, nutrition-dense meals. Missing meals or overeating can contribute to stress and depression.
Sleep 7-8 hours per night. Ideally, try to go to bed/get up at roughly the same times every day, and try to avoid naps, which will interfere with your nighttime sleep.
Play time is important! If you aren’t doing things that you enjoy, be sure to make time for these activities.
Exercise can help you to feel better. Even adding a short (20-30 mins.) daily walk to your schedule can help.
Connect with someone who is supportive. Social support can go a long way towards making you feel better, whereas isolating yourself is generally not helpful. In addition to talking to close friends and family members, consider letting your professors/others on campus know what is going on as well.
Text Crisis Text Line 24/7 by texting HOME to 741-741. Crisis Text Line is available for a crisis or to provide supportive problem-solving. A live, trained Crisis Counselor will receive your message and respond.
Additional Resources
Kognito
You can learn skills to help a friend (or yourself) by using Kognito, a free interactive online program available to Geneseo students.  Kognito allows you to practice conversations in a virtual setting to improve your helping skills.  The Kognito page will direct you towards creating an free account to access.
Seeking Treatment
If you need information about our mental health services, review the Our Services page.  We also offer a listing of Off-Campus Referral Resources.