http://www.cih.org/privacypolicy
privacypolicy
Register to use our site and access free newsletters, book events and lots more.
You don't have to be a member to use our site. Already registered? Login here
Become a member today
Join now
Already a member? Login
The Chartered Institute of Housing is the independent voice for housing and the home of professional standards
Search categoryEverythingNewsPolicy and PracticeTrainingEventsBooksConsultancyQualificationsVacanciesSearchSearch
News
Press releases
Media contacts
Blogs and features
News from Inside Housing
Policy and practice
Assets and Repairs 2020
Key topics in 2019
Other housing topics
Free publications
Help with housing costs
Books for sale
Consultations
Charters
Housing rights website
Make a Stand
Rethinking social housing
Housing academy
Apprenticeships
Qualifications
Training
Getting the basics right
CPD
In-house
GEM programme
Student zone
Equality and diversity
Terms and conditions
Work with us
Events
Events finder
Exhibition and sponsorship
Housing awards
Where you live
England regional boards
Cymru
Northern Ireland
Republic of Ireland
Scotland
Canada
Asia Pacific
Partner with us
Our Partners
Awarding body
Qualifications
Find a centre
Deliver our qualifications
Centre fees
IRPM
Apprenticeship assessment
Membership
CIH knowledge hub
Types of membership
Fees
Join today
Free for members
Membership benefits
Webinars
Career innovation zone
Member champion network
CIH Futures
Careers in housing
Code of ethics and conduct
Who we are
Complaints process
Footer
Media centre
Contact us
Sponsorship
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Accessibility
Vacancies
Privacy policyThe Chartered Institute of Housing (CIH, we, us, or our) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. By visiting www.cih.org (the Site) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Policy.
This Policy (together with our terms and conditions and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Chartered Institute of Housing of Octavia House, Westwood Business Park, Coventry, CV4 8JP, United Kingdom.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to the CIH Data Protection Officer at mary.aluko@cih.org. If you believe that any personal data we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, then please contact us via the email address provided above as soon as possible.
This Site is owned and operated by CIH, incorporated by Royal Charter and having its registered office at Octavia House, Westwood Business Park, Coventry, CV4 8JP, United Kingdom.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us.You may give us information about you by completing forms on our Site, becoming a member, submitting any job application or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our Site, search for a product, place an order on our Site, enter a promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our Site.The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, job function, job title, phone number, financial and credit card information and personal description.
Information we collect about you.With regard to each of your visits to our Site we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, geographical location browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources.We may receive information about you if use the services we provide.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that.
The Site uses cookies for the purposes of identifying you and logging your activity. Sometimes, cookies are essential for your use of the Site (for example, we need to keep track of items you have placed in your shopping basket) and you will not be able to make full use of the Site without those. Cookies are retained on your computer (unless you delete them) for the periods listed below.
Cookie name description
CIHUserCookie: This cookie stores your web profile (user ID, member grade, region, job level and job function) and is used to identify you and customise your browsing experience. It is encrypted using TripleDES encryption. It remains on your computer for 12 months.
ASP.NET_SessionId: This tracks progress as users purchase items through the Site. It is deleted when you close your browser.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the ways set out below.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us. We may pass your information to companies within our group for this purpose.
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about. To provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you, when you agree to receive that marketing. This information may come from our subsidiary, ConsultCIH Limited or any other member of our group. At any time, however, you may unsubscribe from ("opt out" of) such future contact by following the instructions in the marketing communication itself or update your preferences on My CIH.
If you provide us with the name of your organisation when registering, we may display your name to other members of your organisation to make our online booking process more effective. It is therefore important that you let us know if you leave your organisation so that we can ensure your name does not continue to be displayed in connection with it afterwards. If you do not want your name to be displayed, please do let us know.
To process and acknowledge any job application that you make.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To improve our Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group.
We may share your information with selected third parties including business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer of such business or assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect our rights or property, or the safety of our customers, or others; this includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; and
any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy.
where necessary to deliver services requested from us.
Data transfer
Your personal data will not be transferred to countries or territories outside the European Economic Area (the EEA).
Links
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you and we may request the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity.
Updating your information
In the event that there is a change to your personal information for example your contact details, please let us know of this by updating your details online or writing to us at the address provided above, so that we can keep your information up to date and accurate.
Changes to this Policy
Any changes we may make to this Policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Policy.
Share this page with others
About us
The Chartered Institute of Housing is the independent voice for housing and the home of professional standards.
Our goal is simple – we want to provide everyone involved in housing with the advice, support and knowledge they need to be brilliant.
Useful bits
Latest news
Jobs
Sponsorship
Contact us
More CIH
Who we are
Media centre
Blog
Inside Housing
Our site
Accessibility
Cookie policy
Terms and conditions
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Flickr
YouTube
Tweets by @CIHhousing
© 2016 Chartered Institute of Housing
ocean media group
HouseMark
pfh
Housing Rights Information
We use cookies to provide you with a better service. By using this site you accept our the terms of our Cookie Policy
Close