http://www.scottishrite.org/supreme-council-privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Our Creed & Mission Statement
Leadership
History of the Rite
Find a Scottish Rite Valley
(Chapter)
How to Join/Membership Qualifications
FAQs
Internships & Job Opportunities
Strategic Plan
Membership Info
2019 Grand Cross Recipients
2019 Scottish Rite Honourmen
How to Join/Membership Qualifications
FAQs
Grand Commander’s Fellows Program
Scottish Rite Affinity Programs
Masonic Education
2020 Scottish Rite Workshops
Scottish Rite Research Society
Suggested Reading
Member Support
Chapter (Valley) Clubs & Organizations
Masonic Geocaching Society
WSB Club
Contact Membership Services
Scottish Rite Affinity Programs
VMAP
Media & Publications
Brochures
Masonic Book Club
Scottish Rite Journal
Current Issue/Overview
Past Issues
Tyler’s Place Podcast
Social Media
Videos
Media & Graphics Requests
Master Craftsman
Philanthropies
RiteCare Scottish Rite Childhood Language Program
About the RiteCare SRCLP
2020 RiteCare SRCLP Conference
JROTC/ROTC Program
Scholarships
National Scholarships
Endowed Scholarships at Specific Colleges & Universities
Disaster Relief
Giving
Ways to Give
Cash Gifts (via Store)
Acacia Guild
Matching Gifts
Planned Gifts
Real Estate & Stock Donations
AmazonSmile
Campaigns & Programs
Scholarship Program Support
Rebuilding the Temple Campaign
Scottish Rite Friends Dinners
Adopt-a-Book Program
Intendant of the Building Society
Meet Our Development Team
Donor Recognition
Overview
Pillars of Charity Portrait Gallery
Hall of Honor
Our Foundations
Overview
Scottish Rite Foundation, Southern Jurisdiction, U.S.A., Inc.
House of the Temple Historic Preservation Foundation, Inc.
State Nonprofit Disclosures
Our Museum
History of the Temple
Planning Your Visit
Accessibility
Getting Here
Hours & Tours
Library
General Information – Library
Online Catalog
Our Collections
Amicus Newsletter
Archives
General Information – Archives
Photographic Services Requests
Take a Virtual Tour
The Children’s Hour
MEMBER LOGIN
House of the Temple offices are open on a normal schedule but at a slightly reduced capacity. The building, however, is closed to visitors and tours until further notice. Please stay safe, and we hope to see you again soon!
Home » Privacy Policy
Supreme Council, 33°, A&ASRF, SJ Privacy Policy
Effective July 30, 2016
Revised July 15, 2019
The website, www.scottishrite.org, is owned and operated on behalf of The Supreme Council (Mother Council of the World) of the Inspectors General Knights Commander of the House of the Temple of Solomon of the 33rd Degree of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Free Masonry of the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States of America (“SC” or “Scottish Rite”). This Privacy Policy applies to SC’s website, all associated online services, and all mobile applications to which this Privacy Policy links (collectively, the “SC Websites”). In this document, we tell you the types of information we collect about you when you visit our SC Websites; how we may share your personal information; how you can prevent the sharing of your personal information; and how your personal information is protected from unauthorized use.
BY VISITING THE SC WEBSITES, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRIVACY POLICY DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU ARE NOT GRANTED PERMISSION TO ACCESS OR USE THE SITE AND ARE INSTRUCTED TO EXIT THE SITE IMMEDIATELY.
THE SC WEBSITES ARE INTENDED FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND NOT RESIDENTS OF THE EU AND EEA. IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF THE EU OR EEA, PLEASE CLICK HERE TO READ THE SECTION ON THE GDPR
HOW AND WHEN WE MAY COLLECT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION FROM YOU
If you are just visiting the public areas of the SC Websites, are not a member of the Scottish Rite, do not use any Interactive Areas (defined in the Terms of Use and do not purchase any products or services from us or our affiliates, then we and our service providers do not require you to submit to us nor do we collect from you any personally identifiable information.
“Personally Identifiable Information” (“PI Information”) is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.
We and our service providers may collect PI Information when: (i) you petition to become a member of the fraternity or join the fraternity, (ii) register on our SC Websites, (iii) place an order with SC or an affiliate for a product or service, (iv) subscribe to one of the SC’s newsletters, (v) subscribe to the Scottish Rite Journal or VMAP, (vi) download the Scottish Rite Journal or other app, (vii) visit the Freemason Network or other social forum on the SC Websites, (viii) download or use SR Chirp, (ix) make a donation to our charities, or (x) fill out a form on the SC Websites. The information we collect may include:
Contact information, such as your name, your email address, your postal address, your phone number, fax number and mobile phone number.
Payment information that you provide to us or our third party processor to purchase a good or service from us or an affiliate.
User name, password, and password-reminder questions and answers.
Your age and date of birth.
Other demographic information, such as gender, employment information and ZIP code.
Information for a public profile, such as your interests, your profile photo, personal updates and descriptive information that you provide, and the address of your Facebook page, LinkedIn profile, Twitter, Pinterest or your website.
Communications preferences, such as which emails and newsletters you would like to receive.
Your search queries.
Your picture or image if you provide it to us or a photo or image of you from SC’s or its affiliates’ events you attend.
Correspondence you send to us.
Information collected about you offline (including via fax, mail and in person).
Other information that may help us to provide customized content or advertising.
In addition, when you become a member of the SC fraternity or you make a donation or give a gift to an SC affiliated charity, we collect other information about you and your family, including your name and name preferences, contact information, dates on which you received Masonic degrees, locations where you received your degrees, marital status, spouse’s name, children’s names, communication preferences, telephone numbers, email addresses and dates of birth. We also may collect information about your participation in any Scottish Rite sponsored activities, including member services and discounts obtained by using your membership card.
AGGREGATION OF PI INFORMATION
We may aggregate PI Information. Aggregated PI Information does not personally identify you or any other user of the SC Websites (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to determine the percentage of our users who have a particular zip code or how many users are above a certain age). We also may add to the PI Information we collect from you information that we gather from and about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, private search companies, social media platforms and from people with whom you are friends, who are in your Valley or Orient, or with whom you are otherwise connected on social media platforms. We may use and disclose this other information for any purpose, except where applicable law states otherwise. If applicable law requires that we must treat this other information as PI Information, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose PI Information. If we combine this other information with PI Information, then we will treat the combined information as PI Information.
THE COLLECTION AND USE OF NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We and our service providers also use a variety of techniques to obtain non-personally identifiable information (“NPI Information”) about your use of the SC Websites. “NPI Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not relate directly to an individual. The NPI Information we collect may include:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area. Collecting IP addresses is a common practice and is automatically done by many websites, applications and other services.
Computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language and internet browser type and version.
Your mobile device type and unique identifiers when using a mobile device, including mobile device identification numbers and other standard server log information.
When you download and use our mobile applications (an “App”), we may track and collect App usage dates, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
The physical location of your mobile device by using satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi signals in accordance with applicable law and industry best practices. We may use your mobile device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content.
Your location when you visit the SC Websites and the content you visited on the SC Websites.
The times that you visit the SC Websites and the duration of your visit to the SC Websites.
Web pages and advertisements you view and any links you click on within the SC Websites.
Information collected through cookies, Web beacons and other technologies. Cookies are pieces of data placed on your device when you visit the SC Websites to help us recognize you when you return to the SC Websites. Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a way for us to deliver a small graphic image on a Web page or in an email. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, and a description of the page where the Web beacon is placed.
Information about your interactions with email messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded.
WE ALSO MAY:
Use cookies to help us monitor traffic and collect information about your use of the SC Websites. We and our service providers use the aggregated information from cookies to determine the number of visits made to SC Websites, the average time spent on the SC Websites by users, and the identity and number of page views so we can improve the SC Websites. We also use the information for security purposes, to aid navigation on the SC Websites, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience when you visit the SC Websites. Cookies help us learn which of our content is most interesting to you so we can display it when you visit the SC Websites.
Use a variety of third-party web and mobile app analytics and optimization services to improve the SC Websites and your experience on the SC Websites. The SC Websites may use a web analytic service that counts mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity and text you type in the SC Websites. The SC Websites do not use these services to collect any PI Information not otherwise provided by you in using the SC Websites and they do not track your browsing habits across other third-party websites on our behalf.
Use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other similar technologies to collect information about SC Websites use anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual users. To learn about Google’s practices, you can go to the site www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements that may be of interest to you when you access and use the SC Websites, based on information relating to your access to and use of the SC Websites. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags). To learn more about this practice and to get information about opting out, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://www.aboutads.info.
Use pixel tags and other similar technologies to track the actions of users of the SC Websites, and compile statistics about the use of the SC Websites. We also may use Adobe Flash technology (including Flash Local Shared Objects (“Flash LSOs”) and other similar technologies to collect and store information about your use of the SC Websites among other things. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings on your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools in the Website Storage Settings Panel. You can visit the Global Storage Settings Panel to delete existing Flash LSOs, to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time. However, setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOS may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including Flash applications used in connection with the SC Websites or our online content.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
We may use, share or disclose your PI Information:
To calculate usage levels, to diagnose server problems and to administer the SC Websites.
To deliver the information, programs, products or services you have requested from us and to send you information about SC or our affiliated Valleys and our and their charities.
To send you information about membership benefits from third party vendors.
To personalize your interaction with SC, such as to send you targeted content and communications, to send you requests to participate in events in your area, and to customize email content based on your interests.
To communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone, fax, and/or mobile devices about information, programs, products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or from our service providers or affiliates.
To announce honors, to advise you of fraternal matters, and to tell you about other items of membership interest.
To reply to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, to renew your membership, to give you information on upcoming events or to provide membership services.
To send administrative information to you.
To allow you to participate in contests, sweepstakes and similar promotions and so we can administer these activities.
To help social sharing through social media, such as through the Freemason Network or SR Chirp, Instagram, Twitter or Facebook.
For internal purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, enhancing or modifying the SC Websites, identifying usage trends, assessing the success of marketing campaigns, and expanding our activities.
To evaluate the effectiveness of SC benefits and offerings.
To aggregate data. We may share aggregate statistics and other Non-PI Information with the media, government agencies, advertisers and other third parties. These aggregate statistics will not allow anyone to identify your name or other PI Information.
YOUR PI INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED WITH OR DISCLOSED TO:
Our approved vendors which are companies we hire to provide certain services such as sending mailings, improving advertising services, providing member benefits and managing databases or other technology.
Our corporate affiliates. We may share information including your PI Information with wholly or majority owned affiliates and other affiliated organizations, such as our Valleys and Orients, and our charitable affiliates, The House of the Temple Historic Preservation Foundation, Inc., The Scottish Rite Foundation, S. J., USA, Inc., and the Scottish Rite Research Society, Inc., so they can provide you with information about services and programs that might interest you.
Our third party service providers who provide services like website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email or regular mail delivery, courier delivery, survey emailing, auditing and other similar services. You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a service provider. In doing so, you may be providing your information to both us and the service provider, or we may share your information with the service provider. Please note that the service provider’s privacy policy may apply to its use of your information.
Our licensed providers, who are third parties who make available special SC-branded discounts, products or services. Some of the licensed providers of SC-branded products and services, including many of those listed on the Member Benefits page on www.my.scottishrite.org, pay a fee for access to our membership list. These fees are used for the general purposes of SC. Licensed providers are required to keep SC member information confidential, and to use the information only to offer the contracted products or services to SC and SC members. Some of our licensed providers may also collect data about our members through their interactions with the members. The licensed providers may share some or all of this data with SC so that we may make available more effective and personalized service to our members. We may share information including PI Information collected with Licensed Providers, even if you are not a member of the fraternity.
Third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions.
Select nonprofit organizations with whom we may occasionally engage in “list exchanges” such as a Grand Lodge of an Orient or the Supreme Council for the Northern Masonic Jurisdiction.
Other people on message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. Any information that you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to users of the SC Websites and to the general public, so be very careful when deciding to disclose your PI Information or other information on the SC Websites.
Your friends associated with your social media account, to other website users and to your social media account provider in connection with your social sharing activity; for example, if you connect your social media account to your SC Websites account or sign into your SC Websites account from your social media account. By connecting your SC Websites account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, your friends associated with your social media account, and other website users, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the recipients’ privacy policy or policies. If you do not want your PI Information shared with other users or with your social media account provider, do not connect your social media account with your SC Websites account and do not participate in social sharing on the SC Websites.
YOUR PI INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED WITH OR DISCLOSED FOR LEGAL PURPOSES AS FOLLOWS:
SC will disclose your PI Information in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement agency or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law including public and government authorities outside of your country of residence, and as necessary or appropriate in our determination under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence.
We will disclose your PI Information when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our employees, our website users or others including those of our affiliates, partners, vendors; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies, and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages we may sustain.
In Connection With Business Transfers. We may share your PI Information as required by law or contract in the unlikely event of a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale or bankruptcy of us or any of our corporate affiliates.
To fulfill contractual obligations, including the delivery of and sale of goods or services you purchase or request.
HOW YOU CAN CONTROL COLLECTION OF YOUR PI INFORMATION
Do not submit any PI Information to us when visiting the SC Websites and do not participate in the Interactive Areas of the SC Websites.
Set your web browser to inform you of when cookies are being set before any cookies are stored; refuse any request to set cookies; and do not accept cookies from us. Erase all our cookies from your hard drive. Note that if you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate the SC Websites may be limited. In addition, if you choose not to share information, we will not be able to respond to your request for information from us, enter you into sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions, or send you online emails.
Do not provide your information when prompted by the SC Websites.
TO STOP RECEIVING COMMUNICATIONS FROM SC:
You may request to stop receiving communications from us by emailing membership services@scottishrite.org and ask to be placed on the do not mail registry. Please note that if you opt out of receiving communications from us, you may continue to receive material from service providers, and/or other parties to whom we provided your information before processing your request to opt-out of communications. You will need to directly contact those third parties in order to opt out of receiving such communications. You also may opt out of receiving such emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within the text of those third-party emails.
Call the membership department at 202–777–3115 and tell us you do not want to receive communications from SC.
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
If you would like to review and/or request changes to the PI Information that we have collected about you, please contact us by:
Emailing us at membershipservices@scottishrite.org or at bmorris@scottishrite.org
Writing us at Supreme Council, 33, 1733 16th Street, NW, Washington, DC 20009 Attn: Website Director
DOES SC COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN?
The SC Websites do not knowingly collect PI Information from anyone under the age of 13. The SC Websites are not directed to children under the age of 13. If we learn we have collected PI Information from a child under 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as soon as possible. If you think we have collected PI information from a child under 13, please contact us.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information about our disclosure of your PI Information to third parties for those parties’ own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send a letter to:
Director of Membership Services
1733 16th Street, NW
Washington, DC 20009
NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
This privacy policy does not address and we are not responsible for the privacy, information or other practices of any third party, including any third party operating any site to which the SC Websites link. Including a link on the SC Websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure or security practices and data security practices of other organizations such as Facebook, Apple, Twitter, Microsoft, Google or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider or device manufacturer.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may from time to time and in our discretion revise this Privacy Policy, and any such changes will become effective when we post the revised policy on the SC Websites. Your continued use of the SC Websites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. The Effective Date at the top of the page indicates when the Privacy Policy was last modified.
SECURITY
We use commercially reasonable technical, organizational and administrative measures to protect PI Information collected or stored by our organization. However, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be completely secure. If you think that your transaction with us is no longer secure, please contact us at: Website Director, Supreme Council, 33, 1733 16th Street, NW, Washington, DC 20009.
VISITING OUR WEBSITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
SC is headquartered in the United States and the SC Websites are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to be subject to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than the United States. Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of our website may be processed and transferred to the United States and be subject to United States law. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country in which we engage service providers, and by using the SC Websites you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country. The privacy and data protection laws in the United States may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using our website or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of information to and in the United States. If you are a resident of the EU and EEA, please click here to read about the GDPR.
QUESTIONS OR ISSUES
If you have questions about this privacy policy, submit a question via email to bmorris@scottishrite.org or send a letter to Website Director, Supreme Council, 33°, 1733 16th Street, NW, Washington, DC 20009.
Address
The Supreme Council, 33º, SJ, USA
1733 16th St. NW
Washington, DC.
Contact Detail
T:
202–232–3579
F:
202–464–0487
E: council@scottishrite.org
Quick Links
Online Store
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy
&
Use
Policies
for
EU
&
EEA
Residents
(GDPR)
Donate
Pay Your Dues
Northern Masonic Jurisdiction
State Nonprofit Disclosures
Copyright © 1998–2019 The Supreme Council, 33°, A. & A.S.R. of Freemasonry, S.J., USA
Follow Us On
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
I Agree
House of the Temple Historic Preservation Foundation, Inc.Scottish Rite Foundation, Southern Jurisdiction, U.S.A., Inc.Rebuilding the Temple CampaignRenovation Updates
Disclaimer
I agree to your website privacy and use policies outlined in this document. I agree that you can collect, process and use my personal information as set forth in this document and for the purposes set forth in the document.
Accept
×
My Accout Status
Please click the link below to pay your dues and call your Valley if you need assistance.
Pay Dues
×
Dues Notifications
You have Member Dues that are outstanding.
View Dues