http://www.cedarbendhumane.org/privacy-policy
[Skip to Main Content]
Search CBHS
Home
Adopt
About
Services
Lost and Found
NOSEworthy
Get Involved
Contact
Donate
Blog Volunteer Login Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap
Left Menu
Privacy Policy
Home/ Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this website. Please read this privacy policy before using the website or submitting any personal information. By using the website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the website to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites. Collection of Information We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists. Cookie/Tracking Technology The website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how visitors use the website. Cookies can also help customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties. Distribution of Information We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these or any other companies for marketing purposes. Commitment to Data Security Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this website allow you to opt out of further mailings. Privacy Contact Information If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the email address: webmaster@cedarbendhumane.org. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Get in Touch
Location
1166 West Airline Highway
Waterloo, IA 50703-9634
Phone
319-232-6887
Adoption Center Hours
Open Tues. - Sun., 9am - 5pm
Closed on Mondays
Closed 12pm - 1pm
Phone
319-232-6887
Intake Center Hours
Open seven days a week,
9am - 5pm
Closed 12pm - 1pm
Phone
319-232-6887
Animal Control Hours
Open Mon. - Fri., 8am - 5pm
Phone
319-883-0797