http://www.productioncounsel.com/terms-of-website-use/
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About
Fees
Production Legal Services
Contract Review – Copyright – Trademark
Business Formation & Maintenance
In-Person Consultation
Quick Consult
Concierge Legal Retainer
Contact
Client Testimonials
Production Counsel Blawg
Last updated June 25, 2016.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE AND ANY PAGES THEREOF, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW, DO NOT ACCESS THIS SITE, OR ANY PAGES THEREOF.
© 2003- Keith E. Cooper. All rights reserved.
Intellectual property embodied in all the information, images, media, and material contained on the ProductionCounsel.com website (“the Site”) and its arrangement therein, is owned by Keith E. Cooper unless otherwise indicated.
Binding Effect
This is a binding agreement. By using the Site or any services provided in connection with the Site (the “Service”), you agree to abide by these Terms of Use, as they may be amended by the Keith E. Cooper, Esq. (“us,” “we,” or “Mr. Cooper”) from time to time in his sole discretion. We will post a notice on the Site any time these Terms of Use have been changed or otherwise updated. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically, and if at any time you find these Terms of Use unacceptable, you must immediately leave the Site and cease all use of the Service and the Site. YOU AGREE THAT BY USING THE SERVICE YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD AND THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
No Relationship Created
Keith E. Cooper, Esq. is an attorney located in West Hollywood, California. He is licensed to practice in the state of California and the District of Columbia, and provides services only in those jurisdictions. This web site is directed only to those persons who reside or conduct business in California or the District of Columbia, and nothing on this web site is intended as a solicitation of clients in other jurisdictions.
Nothing on this web site should be construed as legal advice or an offer to enter into an attorney-client relationship. Mr. Cooper does not seek to represent anyone based solely on a visit to this web site, nor should anything on this web site be construed as a guarantee of outcome or a promise of any particular results if you are accepted as a client. Before Mr. Cooper agrees to provide services to a particular client, he carefully considers that client’s needs, checks for conflicts of interests, and requires that a written fee agreement outlining the scope and nature of the representation be entered into. No attorney-client relationship will be formed in the absence of a written agreement that is signed by both the attorney and the client and that defines the scope of the representation.
All information on this web site is general in nature and there is no guarantee that the information is current or accurate or applies in any particular situation. The information regarding legal issues may apply only in California, is not a substitute for advice from legal or other professionals, and should not be acted upon without first obtaining advice from an attorney who can assess whether the information is applicable to your particular circumstances. Keith E. Cooper accepts no responsibility for, and is not liable for, any damages incurred by reason of any person’s or entity’s reliance any information on this website.
No Confidentiality of Communication
You should not provide any proprietary or confidential information via forms on this web site, by e-mail, by telephone, or otherwise, unless and until Mr. Cooper confirms in writing that there are no conflicts of interest and requests additional information. You should also be aware that, despite appropriate security precautions, no e-mail or other electronic transmission can be considered entirely secure against disclosure to others than your intended recipient. All unsolicited communication or material that you transmit to Mr. Cooper by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Any unsolicited communication or material that you transmit or post may be used by Keith E. Cooper or his affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcasting, distribution or posting on the Internet.
Trademarks
Mr. Cooper claims rights in certain videos, images, trademarks and service marks contained in these web pages. Nothing contained on the Site should be understood as granting anyone a license to use any of the videos, images, trademarks, service marks, or logos owned by Company or by any third party.
Use of Information and Materials
The information and materials contained in these pages, and the terms, conditions, and descriptions that appear, are subject to change. Unauthorized use of Keith E. Cooper’s web sites and systems, including but not limited to, unauthorized entry into computer systems associated with the Site, misuse of passwords, misuse of proprietary email addresses, or misuse of any information posted on a site is strictly prohibited. Your eligibility for particular services is subject to final determination by Keith E. Cooper and/or his affiliates who have been granted authority to make such determinations.
Use of Software
We may make certain software (including audio and video and images) available to you from the Site. If you stream or download software from the Site, the software, including all files and images contained in or generated by the software, and accompanying data (collectively, “Software”) are deemed to be non-exclusively licensed to you by us, for your personal, noncommercial, home use only. You may not post any such Software on other websites or otherwise distribute the Software without separate written permission from Mr. Cooper. Mr Cooper does not transfer either the title or the intellectual property rights to the Software, and Mr. Cooper retains full and complete title to the Software as well as all intellectual property rights therein. You may not sell, redistribute, or reproduce the Software, nor may you decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert the Software. All trademarks and logos are owned by us or our licensors and you may not copy or use them in any manner.
Links
This site may contain links to web sites controlled or offered by third parties (non-affiliates of Keith E. Cooper). Mr. Cooper hereby disclaims liability for, any information, materials, products or services posted or offered at any of the third party sites linked to this web site. By creating a link to a third party web site, Mr. Cooper not endorse or recommend any products or services offered or information contained at that web site, nor is Mr. Cooper liable for any failure of products or services offered or advertised at those sites. Such third party may have a privacy policy different from that of the Site and the third party website may provide less security than the Site.
No Warranty
The information and materials contained in this site, including text, graphics, links or other items are provided “as is,” “where is” and “as available.” Keith E. Cooper does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of this information and materials and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in this information and materials. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or statutory including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given in conjunction with the information and materials.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will Keith E. Cooper be liable for any damages, including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in connection with this site or any linked site or use thereof or inability to use by any party, or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure, even if Mr. Cooper or his representatives are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
Submissions
All information submitted to Keith E. Cooper via this Site or otherwise shall be deemed non-confidential, non-proprietary, and remain the property of Keith E. Cooper and he shall be free to use, for any purpose, any idea, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in information a visitor to this site provides him through this site or otherwise. Keith E. Cooper shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding submitted information except as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as limiting or reducing Keith E. Cooper’s responsibilities and obligations to his clients in accordance with applicable law.
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and permit you to control the treatment of your personal information. A complete statement of our current privacy policy is available on our Privacy Policy page. Our privacy policy is expressly incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
Availability
This site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. Specifically, Keith E. Cooper is licensed to practice law in the state of California and the District of Columbia, and all references to legal principles are based upon how laws are interpreted in California or the District of Columbia and may not be applicable elsewhere.
Prohibited Uses
We impose certain restrictions on your permissible use of the Site and the Service. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Site or Service, including, without limitation, (a) accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Service, the Site, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site or Service, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” or “crashing;” (d) using the Site or Service to send unsolicited e-mail, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using the Service; or (f) attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human- perceivable form any of the source code used by us in providing the Site or Service. Any violation of system or network security may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify us for certain of your acts and omissions. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Mr. Cooper, his affiliates, their officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives from any and all third party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from your access to or use of the Site, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We will notify you promptly of any such claim, loss, liability, or demand, and will provide you with reasonable assistance, at your expense, in defending any such claim, loss, liability, damage, or cost.
Additional Terms
Certain sections or pages on this site may contain separate terms and conditions, which are in addition to these terms and conditions. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms and conditions will govern for those sections or pages.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the United States and the State of California, without reference to their rules regarding conflicts of law. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in Los Angeles county, California, USA in all disputes arising out of or related to the use of the Site or Service.
Modifications
Mr. Cooper or his authorized representatives may, in his sole discretion and without prior notice, (a) revise these Terms of Use; (b) modify the Site and/or the Service; and (c) discontinue the Site and/or Service at any time. We will post any revision to these Terms of Use to the Site, and the revision shall be effective immediately on such posting. You agree to review these Terms of Use and other online policies posted on the Site periodically to be aware of any revisions. You agree that, by continuing to use or access the Site following notice of any revision, you shall abide by any such revision.
Acknowledgement
BY USING THE SERVICE OR ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.