https://www.lunarliving.org/privacy.html
Lunar Living Astrology's
Internet Privacy Policy
Moon Articles
Reports
Archives
Blog
Calendars
Consulting
Links - Resources
Home
Twitter
Lunar Living
Featured Links
ISAR
JAstrology
Astroscoped
Signs of Intelligence
Privacy Rights
Site Map
At Lunar Living Astrology, your privacy is extremely important to us. It is not our policy to collect personal information about you when you visit our website unless you opt to provide such information to us (e.g. by signing up for a newsletter or purchasing a report).
When you visit any website, the web server automatically recognizes certain kinds of basic information from all visitors. Our web server operates in this same manner. This data does not result in the identification of your personal email address or any other personal information about who you are, such as your street information, phone number, etc. Specifically, our web server automatically records only the most general data on all users who browse the content of our site. The data collection includes:
The Internet domain for your Internet Service Provider.
The ISP address number. This information never results in the identification of your personal email address or other personal information.
The URL address of the previous site that referred you prior to your visiting our website.
The type and version of the browser used to access our site (such as Internet Explorer 6.0 or Netscape 7.0).
The type and version of the operating systems used (i.e. Macintosh or Windows).
The pages accessed on the Lunar Living website.
The date, time, and length of time of the visit to our website.
This non-distinguishing data is accumulated for all visitors and analyzed only to help us improve our site's organization, performance, and usefulness for you, as the visitor. The data is only examined on a collective level, not at the individual level.
If you choose to share personal information -- by sending us a message or filling out an electronic form with personal information -- we will use the information only for the purposes for which you have authorized us to use. Some of the information may be saved for a designated period of time to comply with the state and U.S. Federal archiving policies, but we do not and will not disclose the information to third parties or other government agencies, unless required or authorized to do so by state or federal law.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use some impersonal information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit Google ad and content network privacy policy.
If you have other questions about our privacy policies, or have ideas about improving our policies, please feel free to e-mail us. Contact the WebMaster!
If you chose to purchase from us, our Terms of Service will explain your rights. We only use PayPal for electronic payments and PayPal's Terms of Service.
© Lunar Living Astrology 2001-
2020, all rights reserved - All planetary information on Lunar Living is based on Tropical computations (aka Western Astrology).Last Updated On
May 26 2020