https://www.ribo.com/accessibility-policy/
Accessibility Policy
Accessibility PolicyAccessibility Feedback Form
Request for Accommodation
Part 1: Accessible Customer Service
Policy Statement
This policy applies to all employees as well as volunteers, agents or contractors who act on behalf of or represent RIBO in any manner.
I – Purpose
RIBO’s aim is to fully include individuals with disabilities and is dedicated to providing goods and services by eliminating barriers and improving accessibility.
Our services will be delivered in a way that reflects the four guiding principles of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005.
Dignity, independence, integration and equal opportunity will be considered at all times when providing our goods and services to individuals with disabilities. RIBO is also committed to ensuring that accessible goods and/or services are delivered in a timely manner.
II – Providing goods and services to persons with disabilities
RIBO is committed to excellence in serving all customers including persons with disabilities and we will carry out our functions responsibly in the following areas:
Assistive devices
RIBO is committed to providing customer service to persons with disabilities who use assistive devices.
RIBO will ensure that employees are trained on how to use assistive devices available on our premises.
Bell Relay Service procedures to make and receive calls:
The Bell Relay service supports communication by phone between hearing people and people who are deaf, deafened, hard of hearing, or those with speech disabilities. Professionally trained operators act as intermediaries to facilitate the call. Bell Relay operators are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
The Bell Relay Service is a free service for local calls. However, there are toll charges for long distance calls placed through this system. The Bell Relay Service allows hearing individuals to communicate with individuals with hearing disabilities. Specially trained operators will relay messages between the two individuals. Calls placed through the Bell Relay Service are entirely confidential. Bell Relay operators follow a strict code of ethics. No record of conversation content is retained.
To make a call:
Dial 1 800 855-0511
Let the operator know at the beginning of the call if you are familiar with the service
Give the operator your name, area code and telephone number
Then give the name of the person you are calling, area code and telephone number
The operator will place the call and say “go ahead”, when the person answers. This means it is your turn to say your message
Remember to speak a bit more slowly as the operator is typing word for word what you are saying
To receive a call:
The operator will inform you that he or she is a Relay Operator
Remember to let the operator know at the beginning of the call if you are familiar with the service
Follow the operator’s instructions
Wait for the operator to say “Go ahead”, before speaking
Always say “go ahead” when you are finished
Speak to your customer, not the Relay Operator
Remember, the operator will have to relay the information, so speak slowly
Communication
RIBO will communicate with persons with disabilities in a way that takes into account their disability.
We will train staff who communicate with individuals, whether in person, on the telephone or in writing, on how to interact and communicate with individuals who may have various types of disabilities.
RIBO provides an accessible telephone service to our customers and staff will be trained to communicate with customers slowly and in clear and plain language.
We are able to communicate with customers in writing, by e-mail or the Relay Service if communication by a standard telephone is not suitable.
In keeping with providing accessible customer service we are able to provide many types of information in the following formats if requested: hard copy, fax or e-mail with PDF, which allows font size to be increased.
Customers who may have questions or concerns regarding RIBO information may contact us in person, by telephone or e-mail.
IV – Use of service animals and support persons
We are committed to welcoming service animals on our premises when used by the person for their disability. The animal must be kept with them in all areas of our premises.
Support persons will be allowed to enter RIBO’s premises to assist a person with a disability.
An individual with a disability accompanied by a support person will not be prevented from having access to their support person while on our premises.
RIBO reserves the right to ask for a letter from a physician confirming that the service animal or support person is required for reasons relating to a person’s disability.
For additional information, please refer to RIBO’s Request for Accommodation Policy.
V – Notice of temporary disruption
RIBO will place notice of disruptions at all public entrances and service counters when a planned or unexpected disruption in services or with the facilities occurs.
The reason for the disruption, duration, and a description of alternative facilities or services, if available, will be included in our notice.
VI – Training for staff
We are committed to train all employees, agents, volunteers and third parties who represent RIBO. Training will be provided by 30 days after an individual commences employment or represents RIBO.
Training will include the following:
The purposes of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005
The requirements of the customer service standard
How we will interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities
How we will interact with persons with disabilities who use an assistive device or require the assistance of a service animal or a support person
What to do if a person with a disability is having difficulty accessing RIBO goods and services
How customers can provide feedback
Applicable staff will be trained on accessibility policies, practices and procedures
Staff will also be trained when changes are made to the policies, practices and procedures.
VII – Feedback Process
Our expectation of all who represent RIBO is to meet and surpass customer expectations while serving customers with disabilities.
RIBO welcomes comments regarding how well we have provided service to persons with disabilities. RIBO accepts feedback by e-mail, verbally or through the use of our Accessibility Feedback Form. Management will review all feedback and a response will be provided no later than 15 days.
In the event that an issue requires more time, the person providing feedback will be kept up to date during the investigation process.
Please refer to RIBO’s Accessibility Feedback Form which is available on RIBO’s website and at our offices at 401 Bay Street, Suite 1200.
Part 2: Accessibility of Information
Policy Statement
RIBO will make written information and other forms of communication accessible, upon request. This policy applies to all employees as well as contractors who act on behalf of or represent RIBO in any manner.
Purpose
RIBO’s aim is to fully include individuals with disabilities and is dedicated to providing goods and services by eliminating barriers and improving accessibility.
Approach
RIBO will make written information and other forms of communication accessible in a timely manner, upon request.
RIBO will not charge more for accessible formats than for other formats.
If a person with a disability asks for accessible information or requires communication supports, RIBO will work with them to determine how to meet their needs.
RIBO is not required to have accessible formats on hand, but is required to provide an accessible format in a timely manner, when requested.
Exceptions
RIBO does not need to make information accessible if:
it is not possible technically to convert a document to an accessible format.
In such cases, RIBO will explain why and provide a short summary instead.
the information comes from another organization accessible
RIBO does not control the information
the information is found on products or product labels
Types of Information
RIBO will make the following 4 types of information accessible in a timely manner, upon request:
Emergency and Public Safety Information
This includes:
emergency plans and procedures
maps, warning signs and evacuation procedures
information about alarms or other emergency alerts
Feedback Processes for Employees and the Public
RIBO will provide alternative methods for receiving feedback from employees and the public, when requested.
For example, RIBO will consider alternatives to hand-written feedback, which may include the use of the telephone, email, or electronic methods.
Employee Information
RIBO will provide accessible information when an employee with a disability requests it.
This includes:
any information that employees need to perform their jobs
general information that is available to all employees at work (e.g. company newsletters, information about company policies and health and safety information)
information about emergency procedures
Other Public Information
When requested, RIBO will provide information in an accessible format.
This includes all printed documents and information provided to the public on our website.
Part 3: Workplace Accessibility Policy
Policy Statement
RIBO will make our workplace accessible by implementing accessible practices related to hiring, sharing information, and providing feedback to employees.
In addition, RIBO will communicate our accessibility policies, create accommodation plans, and help employees with disabilities to return to work.
This policy applies to all employees.
Purpose
RIBO’s aim is to fully include individuals with disabilities and is dedicated to providing goods and services by eliminating barriers and improving accessibility.
Approach
To make our workplace accessible, RIBO will:
Make hiring accessible
RIBO will advise job applicants that we will accommodate the needs of people with disabilities.
RIBO will ensure that information, such as the following statement, is included on our website and in job postings:
RIBO welcomes applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available, upon request, for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.
Make workplace information accessible
RIBO will provide accessible workplace information when an employee with a disability asks for it.
This includes:
any information that employees need to perform their jobs
general information that is available to all employees at work—including newsletters and information about RIBO’s policies and programs (including health and safety)
information about emergency procedures
Consider the needs of employees with disabilities
RIBO will consider the needs of an employee with a disability during the following situations:
conducting formal or informal performance reviews
promoting or moving an employee with a disability to a new job
For example, RIBO may make documents available in large print for an employee with low vision.
Communicate our accessibility policies
RIBO will advise employees about our accessibility policies when they are hired, and whenever the policies are amended.
Make accommodation plans
RIBO will work together with employees with disabilities to determine and implement appropriate accommodation plans, in accordance with the AODA guidelines.
Final decisions rest with the RIBO in relation to accommodation plans.
In creating an accommodation plan, an employee with a disability will be advised of the following:
how the employee can participate in the development of their individual accommodation plan
that the employee’s needs will be individually assessed
that the employee can ask for a representative from the workplace to participate in the development of the accommodation plan
that RIBO can request assistance from an outside expert (at RIBO’s expense)
that RIBO will take steps to protect the privacy of the employee’s personal information
how and when RIBO will provide the employee with their personalized accommodation plan
the schedule for when and how the plan will be reviewed and updated
that RIBO will advise an employee if their individual accommodation plan has not been accepted
that RIBO will provide the plan in an accessible format
Help accommodate employees at work with disabilities, and help employees with disabilities return to work
If an employee has a disability and/or is absent from work due to a disability and requires disability-related accommodations to return to work, RIBO will develop and implement an accommodation plan.
RIBO will create such a plan by doing the following:
assessing individual needs
considering alternative work arrangements
respecting the employee’s right to privacy and confidentiality
maintaining appropriate communication
respecting the dignity of the employee while maximizing their contribution to RIBO
Employees are expected to take responsibility for their own accommodation needs and to work with the RIBO to explore possible solutions.
RIBO may request assistance from an outside expert, including an independent medical examination, to assess accommodation requirements. The employee is expected to cooperate in this process.
RIBO will select the accommodation method that is least disruptive to RIBO’s business and balances the needs of all employees.
Once an accommodation plan has been implemented, RIBO expects the employee to meet any agreed upon performance and job standards.
The employee is also expected to work with RIBO on an ongoing basis to evaluate the accommodation plan and determine whether it is still required.
Exceptions
Some of the procedures pertaining to accommodation plans may not apply if the employee’s injury or illness is covered by the return to work provision under any other Ontario law.
RIBO’s Related Policies and Documents
Accessibility Feedback Form
Request for Accommodation Form
Effective Date:
January 1, 2017
Approved By:
Patrick Ballantyne, CEO
A PDF version of this policy is available below:
RIBO Accessibility Policy