https://www.sareunited.com/terms_and_conditions.php
SA CONNECT
SA DATING
SA NEWS
10:04
Log in  |
Contact
Home
Looking For
Reunions
Other
Home
|  Sign In
|  Register
|  Password Reminder
|  Community Search
You are here:  Home > Terms And Conditions
You Have:
new message
|
friend request
|
new comment
The South African Dating site!
Looking for:
men
women
Between:
18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 					and					 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80
From:
- Select - Eastern Cape Free State Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga North West Northern Cape Western Cape
Terms & Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions
carefully before using the Site. By using this Site you signify your consent to
these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to the Terms, please do not use
this site. By continuing to use this site you agree to be bound by the terms
and conditions.
We may alter this agreement at our discretion and your
continued use after any change indicates your acceptance of that change. If you
don't want to be bound by a change, discontinue use of the Service. It is your responsibility to periodically review these terms and conditions and to ensure
that you are fully versed with the contents thereof at all times. We will in so
far as is reasonably possible keep you informed of any changes, but we assume
no legal obligations to do so.
Limitations on
Liability:
The information, products, and services
included on this Web Service may include inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Changes are periodically added to the information herein. SAReunited.com and
its third party suppliers provide all Content in this Service "AS
IS", and without any warranty of any kind. SAReunited.com, make no
representations concerning the suitability, reliability or accuracy of the
Content provided on the Service for any purpose. We disclaim all warranties,
expressed or implied, in connection with the Content and the services provided
on the Service, including conditions of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no case will we or our third
party providers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special or other
damages including, without limitation, loss or delay of use, loss of profits,
loss of data or any other damage in contract, tort, equity or any other legal
theory, even if advised of the possibility thereof.
Sites of those third parties may be subject
to terms and conditions different from those found here. SAReunited.com makes
no warranty concerning third party provided goods or services and you agree
that any recourse for dissatisfaction or problems with those goods or services
will be sought from the third party provider and not from SAReunited.com.
Because some countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability
for consequential or incidental damages, this limitation may not apply in part
to you. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS WEB SERVICE, OR
WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO
DISCONTINUE USING THIS WEB SERVICE.
The Site and the Service may be temporarily unavailable from time to time
for maintenance or other reasons. SAReunited.com assumes no responsibility for
any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or
transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized
access to, or alteration of, User communications. SAReunited.com is not
responsible for any technical malfunction or other problems of any telephone
network or service, computer systems, servers or providers, computer or mobile
phone equipment, software, failure of email or players on account of technical
problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any Site or combination
thereof, including injury or damage to User's or to any other person's
computer, mobile phone, or other hardware or software, related to or resulting
from using or downloading materials in connection with the Web and/or in
connection with the Service, including any Mobile Client software. Under no
circumstances will SAReunited.com be responsible for any loss or damage,
including any loss or damage to any User Content or personal injury or death,
resulting from anyone's use of the Site or the Service, any User Content or
Third Party Applications, Software or Content posted on or through the Site or
the Service or transmitted to Users, or any interactions between users of the
Site, whether online or offline.
SAReunited.com reserves the right to change any and all content, software
and other items used or contained in the Site and any Services and Platform
Applications offered through the Site at any time without notice. Reference to
any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name,
trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply
endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith,
by SAReunited.com.
Registration:
You
can now begin using our site by filling out our online registration form. By
registering with us, you agree to provide accurate and current information
about yourself as well as family members/friends registered on your account
including correct names, addresses, email address and any other requested
details and to update that information if it changes. You are also responsible
for the correct use of data or information supplied by another family member or
friend that registers using your email address. Each member also undertakes
only to add themselves to a school (or other institution) on the SAReunited.com
Service that he/she attended at the relevant time. If you are asked for, and
provide details of a credit, debit or charge card in that event you must ensure
that (a) you are fully entitled to use that card, and (b) it has available
funds sufficient to cover the charges which are deducted from it. After
registration you will be send an email to verify that the email address you use
for registration is controlled by you.
This Site is
intended solely for users who are sixteen (16) years of age or older. Any
registration by, use of or access to the Site by anyone under 16, is
unauthorized, unlicensed and in violation of these Terms of Use. By using the
Service or the Site, you represent and warrant that you are 16 or older, and
that you agree to and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.
In
countries with an age of majority older than 16, all users who register may
only do so with their guardians consent. By registering you are representing
that you have attained majority, or that you have your guardians consent.
SAReunited.com
is not and cannot be responsible for any member's (non-paying or paid
behaviour) whether members are on site and off the site - we provide an access
service only. We are not an Internet service provider, however In order to
avail of the SAReunited.com Service, you must have Internet access and all the
software and appropriate skills required for email and web usage.
Types
of Membership: (see membership
explained in FAQ)
SAReunited.com
users are divided into 3 types of "Members". In addition members can
have an "Upgrade" membership option. SAReunited.com reserves the
right to change the types of membership and conditions of membership from time
to time. The Membership divides between those who decide to pay our fee for a
full annual membership ("Standard" and "Premier "
Members" collectively referred to as "Paid " Members), and those
who do not ("Free Members").
the
upgrade becomes effective when payment is processed and new Premier Membership
will expire on the same day as original Standard Membership expiry date.
PAYMENT
INFORMATION FOR STANDARD OR PREMIER MEMBERS (PAID MEMBERS)
By
becoming a full member (standard or premier) and paying the appropriate
membership fee, you are agreeing to accept that membership without refund
unless the SAReunited.com Service for which the Member has subscribed is
completely withdrawn from that Full Member by us other than in circumstances
permitted under these Terms and Conditions. Refunds will be given at the
discretion of SAReunited.com Management. A full membership (standard and
premier) with SAReunited.com entitles the user to all of the services
applicable to the membership type as set out in paragrah 2 for a period of
twelve months. Upon expiry of the membership, you will be notified by
SAReunited.com and given the option to renew your membership, agreeing to our then
current terms and prices. SAReunited.com reserve the right to alter fees,
services or the period they cover, but this would not affect your current
membership. SAReunited.com may add new or ancillary services from time to time
which may require the payment of fees, either to us or a nominated third party.
The terms will be provided to you at the time.
Privacy
Policy:
Please
see our Privacy Policy, which forms
part of these Terms and Conditions. By registering with the SAReunited.com
Service, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions and you also give your
consent to the way we may handle your personal data in that policy. Please note
that due to the global nature of the World Wide Web, any posting on the
SAReunited.com Service (including any which contain personal information) is
accessible to internet users around the world. Any such personal and contact
information you enter anywhere on the site, you do at your own risk. Be aware
that once you give other persons your contact details they are able to contact
you directly.
Please
note that we at all times reserve the right to access your profile and posted
details with a our Master Log In, and reserve the right to delete any details
or any part of your profile whatsoever, and to conduct any investigations into
your profile that we deem necessary to maintain our User Conduct Policy.
User
Conduct:
We do not control the information provided
by others which is made available through our system. You may find other user's
information to be offensive, harmful, inaccurate, or deceptive. Please use
caution, common sense and practise responsible behaviour when using our site as
we cannot be responsible for the behaviour of Members - whether on the SAReunited.com
Service or outside of it. We only provide a venue where the SAReunited.com
Service may be accessed. SAReunited.com has no obligation to screen information
that is posted or shared by members and we reserve the right to remove any
objectionable information, at our discretion, without notice.
Members
agree to:
Take
responsibility for all acts that occur under your account or password,
including any content transmitted from your account.
Maintain the
confidentiality of your password and login identity.
Provide
only accurate and appropriate personal information about yourself and refrain
from posting sexually explicit and foul language. You agree to keep your
personal information posted on the site within the convention of good taste.
Although we endeavour to do so, we are not obliged to review individuals'
profiles looking for inappropriate material, but if it is brought to our
attention, we will require that you revise or delete the inappropriate
information, or reserve the right to delete the material ourselves.
Members
agree not to
harvest or collect email addresses or other contact
information of other users from the Service or the Site by electronic or
other means for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other
unsolicited communications;
use the Service or the Site in any unlawful manner
or in any other manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair
the Site;
use automated scripts to collect information from or
otherwise interact with the Service or the Site;
upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise
make available any content that we deem to be harmful, threatening,
unlawful, defamatory, infringing, abusive, inflammatory, harassing,
vulgar, obscene, fraudulent, invasive of privacy or publicity rights,
hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise
make available any videos other than those of a personal nature that: (i)
are of you or your friends, (ii) are taken by you or your friends;
register for more than one User account, register
for a User account on behalf of an individual other than yourself, or
register for a User account on behalf of any group or entity;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state
or otherwise misrepresent yourself, your age or your affiliation with any
person or entity;
upload, post, transmit, share or otherwise make
available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, solicitations,
promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam,"
"chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form
of solicitation;
upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise
make publicly available on the Site any private information of any third
party, including, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social
Security numbers and credit card numbers;
solicit personal information from anyone under 16 or
solicit passwords or personally identifying information for commercial or
unlawful purposes;
upload, post, transmit, share or otherwise make
available any material that contains software viruses or any other
computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit
the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
telecommunications equipment;
intimidate or harass another;
upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise
make available content that would constitute, encourage or provide
instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or
that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state,
national or international law;
use or attempt to use another's account, service or
system without authorization from SAReunited.com, or create a false
identity on the Service or the Site.
upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise
make available content that, in the sole judgment of Company, is
objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using
or enjoying the Site, or which may expose Company or its users to any harm
or liability of any type.
Use your access
to SAReunited.com for commercial purposes.
Send junk mail
or spam to our members or solicit our members to promote other social
network sites, or for commercial purposes.
Post your email
address, phone number or physical, postal or web addresses anywhere on the
site except for on noticeboards where contact information is relevant,
required and in the convention of good taste.
Republish
information found in the site without first obtaining written permission
from us.
Post any false,
misleading, slanderous, libellous, or inaccurate information about others
on our site.
Abuse of Conduct
Policy:
In the event you
violate these Terms and Conditions, SAReunited.com has the right to suspend or
terminate any Member's access to the SAReunited.com Service or parts of it. In
this event SAReunited.com will not be obliged to refund any amount or provide
any service to such a member or former member. Member will be required to edit
or remove inappropriate material posted on the SAReunited.com Service, if the
relevant Member or material appears to us to be in breach of any provision of
this Agreement. Any person whose access has been suspended or terminated must
not re-register or re-access SAReunited.com Service without our prior consent.
Further you are responsible for everything which is done on or through the
SAReunited.com Service while your Membership account is logged on to Service or
through your email address(es). In the event you need to report abusive conduct
please contact by emailing us at abuse@SAReunited.com. SAReunied reserves the
right to remove any offensive material and terminate the membership of any
member who behaves in an unacceptable way, but it is not obliged to do so. You
agree that SAReunited.com cannot be held responsible for any offensive
behaviour of other persons including members.
User Content on
Site:
You are solely responsible for the photos, profiles (including your name,
image, and likeness), messages, notes, text, information, music, video,
advertisements, listings, and other content that you post on or through or the
Site, or transmit to or share with other users (collectively the "User
Content"). You may not post, transmit, or share User Content on the Site
that you did not create or that you do not have permission to post. You
understand and agree that SAReunited.com may, but is not obligated to, review
the Site and may delete or remove (without notice) any Site Content or User
Content in its sole discretion, for any reason or no reason, including User
Content that in the sole judgment of SAReunited.com violates this Agreement or
which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or
threaten the safety of users or others. You are solely responsible at your sole
cost and expense for creating backup copies and replacing any User Content you
post or store on the Site or provide to SAReunited.com.
When you post User Content to the Site, you authorize and direct us to make
such copies thereof as we deem necessary in order to facilitate the posting and
storage of the User Content on the Site. By posting User Content to any part of
the Site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have
the right to grant, to SAReunited.com an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive,
transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to
use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in
whole or in part) and distribute such User Content for any purpose, commercial,
advertising, or otherwise, on or in connection with the Site or the promotion
thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such
User Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. You may
remove your User Content from the Site at any time. If you choose to remove
your User Content, the license granted above will automatically expire, however
you acknowledge that SAReunited.com may retain archived copies of your User
Content. SAReunited does not assert any ownership over your User Content;
rather, as between us and you, subject to the rights granted to us in these
Terms, you retain full ownership of all of your User Content and any
intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your
User Content.
Disputes Between
Users:
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users. We
reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor or to resolve disputes
between you and other users.
Third Party
Content:
This site may contain links to together Web
sites operated by third parties other than SAReunited.com. Such links are
provided for your convenience only. SAReunited.com does not control such Web
sites and is not responsible for their content. The fact that this Site
contains links to other sites does not mean that SAReunited.com approves of,
endorses or recommends those sites, nor does it imply any association with
their operators. SAReunited.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied,
as to the accuracy, legality, reliability or validity of any content of any
other site and disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim,
liability or damage of any kind resulting from any third party Web sites or
content therein directly or indirectly accessed through links in this Site.
Such Third Party
Sites and Third Party Applications, Software or Content are not investigated,
monitored or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and
we are not responsible for any Third Party Sites accessed through the Site or
any Third Party Applications, Software or Content posted on, available through
or installed from the Site, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness,
opinions, reliability, privacy practices or other policies of or contained in
the Third Party Sites or any Third Party Applications, Software or Content.
Inclusion of, linking to or permitting the use or installation of any Third
Party Site or any Third Party Applications, Software or Content does not imply
approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to leave the Site and
access the Third Party Sites or to use or install any Third Party Applications,
Software or Content, you do so at your own risk and you should be aware that
our terms and policies no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms
and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to
which you navigate from the Site or relating to any applications you use or
install from the site.
Intellectual Property:
All content on the Site and available through the Service, including
designs, text, graphics, pictures, video, information, applications, software,
music, sound and other files, and their selection and arrangement (the
"Site Content"), are the proprietary property of SAReunited.com, its
users or its licensors with all rights reserved. No Site Content may be
modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded,
displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole
or in part, without SAReunited.com's prior written permission, except that the
foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined below) that you
legally post on the Site. Provided that you are eligible for use of the Site,
you are granted a limited license to access and use the Site and the Site
Content and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Site Content to
which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial
use, provided that you keep all copyright or other proprietary notices intact.
Except for your own User Content, you may not upload or republish Site Content
on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or incorporate the information in
any other database or compilation, and any other use of the Site Content is
strictly prohibited. Such license is subject to these Terms of Use and does not
include use of any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction
methods.
Whether in the free section or in the
subscription section of the Service, all Content is owned and/or copyrighted by
The Dynamic Mink Limited and The Dynamic Mink Enterprises, trading as SAReunited.com third party providers and
may be used only in accordance with this limited use license. SAReunited.com is
protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to UK
copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws.
Any use of the Site or the Site Content other than as specifically
authorized herein, without the prior written permission of SAReunited.com, is
strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such
unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including copyright and
trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless
explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms of Use shall be construed as
conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel,
implication or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time without notice
and with or without cause.
Operation of SAReunited Services:
We shall take reasonable measures to endeavour
to maintain our services, but you will not be eligible for any compensation
because of loss or unavailability of any service we provide. Further SAReunited
will at times update or offer new services to our members from time to time and
therefore has the right to do so without advance notice to our members.
SAReunited reserves the right to change any service at any time to withdraw or
modify one or more aspects of the SAReunited Service where legal or technical
reasons require, which includes technical difficulties experienced by
SAReunited or on the Internet). There may also be times when the SAReunited
Service becomes unavailable, whether on a scheduled or unscheduled basis. For
security or other reasons, we may require you to change password or other
information which facilitates access to the SAReunited Service.
Communications Between SAReunited and You:
SAReunited will send electronic mail to you,
for the purpose of informing you of changes or additions to SAReunited, or of
any SAReunited related products and services. You may opt out of this
notification service by replying to the electronic mail that was sent with the
word "unsubscribe" (without the quotes) in the subject line.
Termination:
SAReunited.com
may terminate your membership, delete your profile and any content or
information that you have posted on the Site and/or prohibit you from using or
accessing the Service or the Site (or any portion, aspect or feature of the
Service or the Site or any Platform Application) for any reason, or no reason,
at any time in its sole discretion, with or without notice, including if it
believes that you are under 16.
Should
you breach this Agreement, SAReunited.com will revoke your license to use the
Service and suspend your right of access. In such a case, no portion of your
subscription payment will be refunded. Should SAReunited.com decide to suspend
the subscription service for any reason other than breach, it will refund to
you the unused portion of your subscription payment, which will be your sole
and exclusive remedy upon such a suspension of service.
Modifications
SAReunited has the right, at its sole discretion, to modify this Agreement or the Service at any time. SAReunited reserves the right to sell the business or terminate the services of SAReunited.com if necessary. Changes in service will be posted on at SAReunited, or sent via e-mail to your registered email address or postal mail to you. If any portion of this Agreement or any change of this Agreement of the
Service is unacceptable to you or will cause you to no longer be in compliance
with the Agreement. Continued use of the service now or following posted
notices of changes in this Agreement means that you have accepted and are bound
by the changes.
Notices:
If you wish to contact us by post, our South
African contact address is: P.O. Box 466, Bergvliet, 7864, South Africa and our
International Address is: P.O Box 317, Twickenham, TW1 9BJ, United Kingdom. If
you wish to pay by cheque please make payable to SAReunited.com (writing full
e-mail and Name on the back of the cheque).
Disputes and Governing Law:
By visiting or
using the Site, you agree that this agreement has been concluded in London,
that the laws of England, without regard to principles of conflict of laws,
will govern these Terms and conditions, and any dispute of any sort that might
arise between you and SAReunited. With respect to any disputes or claims, you
agree not to commence or prosecute any action in connection therewith other
than in the Courts of London, and you hereby consent to, and waive all defenses
of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to,
venue and jurisdiction in London.
There is 2000 character limit to prevent spamming.
Please cut down your message or send another if necessary.
Back
© SAReunited.com 2002-2013
|
Home  |  About  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Logout  |  FAQ  |  Sitemap  |  Advertise  |  Contact
SAPeople Connect - Connecting South Africans. On SAPeople Connect, the South African Social Network, you can find and contact your old friends from school, college, university and army in South Africa, and make new friends worldwide. Post events, photo albums, create interest groups, publish reunions, start your own blog and check out your school home page. You can register for free and then search for and start networking with South Africans anywhere in the world, whether in SA or overseas in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, USA or any other country. Incorporating SAReunited.com.