https://www.nightwoodtheatre.net/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to Content
Donate to Nightwood Theatre TodayDONATE
Last Updated: April 30, 2019
Nightwood Theatre respects the personal information of all Nightwood Theatre patrons and supporters. This Privacy Policy spells out the ways that your privacy and the confidentiality of your information are protected, tells you what information we collect, how we use it, and what choices you have. Our policy applies to your personal information collected or provided by telephone, email, in person or through the website nightwoodtheatre.net.
1. Nightwood Theatre’s Commitment to Privacy
Nightwood Theatre is committed to protecting the privacy of our patrons and supporters and we are committed to upholding the ten privacy principles recommended by the Canadian Standards Association on which PIPEDA is based. The privacy policy outlines (1) the types of information that we collect (2) why we collect the information (3) how we use the information collected (4) the measures in place to keep your information secure (5) your rights to access your personal information and your privacy preferences (6) who can answer your questions about privacy.
Nightwood Theatre regularly reviews its policies and we reserve the right to change this policy anytime. The date at the top will indicate when the Privacy policy was last updated. Please review our privacy policy to make sure that you understand how information that you will provide will be used.
2. Personal Information Defined
Personal information is any information about, or relating to, an identifiable person. Common types of personal information include:
name
address
postal code
marital status
age
residential, business and cellular telephone numbers
credit card number
email address
3. Types of Information Collected
Depending on the nature of the interaction, Nightwood Theatre may ask you for the following personal information: name, address, telephone number, email address and credit card information.
Our web site contains links to web sites operated by other parties. The operators of these web sites may collect, use and disclose information about you in different ways from Nightwood Theatre. We encourage you to read their privacy policies.
4. Reasons for Collecting Personal Information
Nightwood Theatre collects personal information to process transactions such as ticket sales and program registrations, and to fulfill membership and donor benefits. Personal information also allows Nightwood Theatre to understand your needs and interests to better service you and to expand our community. We will limit the information that we collect to what we need for those
purposes and we will only use it for those purposes unless we have obtained your consent to do otherwise. At the time of the collection of information or before, we will gladly explain how we intend to use the information.
5. How Your Information is Used
Nightwood Theatre may use personal information to contact you via post, electronically or by phone for the following purposes:
To provide information about programs, tickets and funding needs
To thank supporters and issue tax receipts
To invite supporters or members to special events
To sell subscriptions, tickets, program registrations and solicit donations
To personalize promotional offers
To communicate opportunities to volunteer
To conduct market research
To promote other information that we think may be of interest to you
6. Length of Time Personal Information is Stored
Personal information is held only as long as it is deemed necessary for the purposes above or for so long as is legally necessary. When information is no longer required, we will destroy, erase or depersonalize personal information.
7. Accuracy
We will make every reasonable effort to keep your information accurate and up to date. Having accurate information about you enables us to give you the best possible service. To ensure that personal information is accurate, complete and up to date, we urge you to provide us with changes to addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses. If you find errors in our information about you, let us know and we will make appropriate corrections.
8. Security
Nightwood Theatre is committed to protecting your information. To prevent unauthorized access, use, disclosure, distribution, loss, alteration, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, Nightwood Theatre has in place appropriate administrative, physical, and technological safeguards and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Access to personal information will be restricted to authorized personnel who require the information to perform their duties properly. Additionally, access will be limited to only that information that is strictly necessary for the performance of those duties.
9. Accessing Personal Information
Our patrons are entitled to access their personal information held by us. In recognition of the importance we attach to each visitor’s personal information, you can only access personal information we hold about you, but not personal information about other individuals. An exception will be made for legal guardians of minor children. Generally, we will respond to your request
within thirty (30) days, unless for reasons beyond our control, a longer response time is necessary, in which case you will be advised accordingly. While our response will generally be provided at no cost, you will be informed before any changes apply concerning the information request. Charges may relate to the transcription, reproduction or transmission of personal information held by us. If you require information, simply contact or forward a written request to us.
10. Privacy Preferences and Opting Out
Individuals may request that their personal information is not used for one of the purposes noted above, or for any other purpose. You can choose for instance, not to receive direct mail or telephone marketing, or to receive information only for certain events and programs. If anytime you wish to be removed from any of the above services, contact us by phone at (416) 944-1740 x3 or email beth [at] nightwoodtheatre.net and we will gladly accommodate your request. To opt out of receiving communications you have expressly requested (such as an email newsletter, program information, etc.), please use any of the following methods:
Write, email or telephone the Administrative Offices. Be sure to provide your email and postal address, telephone number and other relevant information.
11. Changes to this Statement
If there are updates to the terms of the Nightwood Theatre’s Privacy Statement or Policy, we will post those changes on our website and update the revision date in this document, so you will always know what information we collect, how we use it, and what choices you have.
12. Respecting and Responding To Your Privacy Concerns
If you have questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy, we invite you to convey them to Nightwood Theatre, 15 Case Goods Lane, Studio 306, Toronto, ON, M5A 3C4 Attention: Beth Brown, Privacy Officer, or via e-mail to beth@nightwoodtheatre.net. We value your opinions and we will reply as quickly as possible and inform you of the steps, if any, taken to address the concern, or suggestion.
Join our newsletter!
Subscribe to our email newsletter below to stay up-to-date on all things Nightwood Theatre.
Email
*
First Name
*
Last Name
*
TOP