https://www.sify.com/privacy.html
Sify's Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains our policy
regarding the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of your
information by Sify Technologies Limited and/or its subsidiary(ies)
and/or affiliate(s) and/or associate(s) (collectively referred to as the
"Company"), which operates various websites and other services
including but not limited to delivery of information and content via any
mobile or internet connected device or otherwise (collectively the
"Services").
The Company respects the privacy of the users of the Services and is committed to reasonably protect it in all respects.
Policy Coverage
By accessing the websites or the
Applications or otherwise using the Services, you consent to collection,
storage, and use of the personal information you provide (including any
changes thereto as provided by you) for any of the services that we
offer.
User information and their Usage
The information about the user as collected
by the Company is: (a) information supplied by users (b)
information automatically collected/tracked while navigation (c)
information collected from any other source (collectively referred to as
Information).
Information supplied by Users:
Registration data:
When you register on the website,
Application and for the Service, we ask that you provide basic contact
Information such as your name, sex, age, address, pin code, contact
number, occupation, interests and email address etc. When you register
using your other accounts like on Facebook, Twitter, Gmail etc. we shall
retrieve Information from such account to continue to interact with you
and to continue providing the Services.
Subscription or paid service data:
When you chose any subscription or paid
service, we or our payment gateway provider may collect your purchase,
address or billing information, including your credit card number and
expiration date etc.
Voluntary information:
We may collect additional information at
other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback,
change your content or email preferences, respond to a survey, or communicate with us.
Information automatically collected/tracked while navigation:
First and Third Party Cookies:
In the course of serving advertisements to
our websites, either us or our advertiser may place or recognize a
unique Cookie on your browser. A cookie is a piece of information stored
by a web-site on your computer. Cookies are not viruses, spyware or any
other kind of malicious program. We or our partners use cookies to
maintain your browsing preferences and deliver relevant ads to you.
For best results, we suggest that you
accept all cookies from sify.com. However, if you think otherwise, check
with your browser's "Internet options" to disable the cookies. The
exact methodology to disable cookies depends on the browser you use. If
you would like to opt-out of our partner's cookie-based ad-delivery or
state your ad-preferences, you can do it here.
Clear GIFs:
We may use "clear GIFs" (Web Beacons) to
track the online usage patterns of our users in an anonymous manner,
without personally identifying the user. We may also use clear GIFs in
HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by
recipients. We use this information measure traffic within our
Application to improve the Application quality, functionality and
interactivity and let advertisers know the geographic locations from
where our visitors come.
Note: Members may unsubscribe to any of our
electronic mailers (emails) at any time by following the instructions
contained at the end of every emails.
Demographic and Purchase information:
We may also refer other sources of
demographic and other information in order to provide you with more
targeted communications and promotions. We use Google Analytics, among
other analytics tools, to track the user behavior on our website, to
support display advertising by helping us gain understanding of our
users' Demographics and Interests. You can opt-out of Google Analytics
for Display Advertising here and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings options provided by Google here.
Information from other Sources:
We may receive information about you from
other sources, add it to our account information and treat it in
accordance with this policy. If you provide information to the platform
provider or other partner, whom we provide services, your account
information and order information may be passed on to us. We may obtain
updated contact information from third parties in order to correct our
records and fulfil the Services or to communicate with you.
Links to third party sites / ad servers:
Our Sites and Applications may include
links to other websites or applications. Such websites or applications
are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our
control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by
checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any
information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the
operator of the application you are visiting. That policy may differ
from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites
via a link from the application's homepage, you should contact the
application owners directly for more information.
When we present information to our
advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the
value of advertising on our websites or Applications -- it is usually in
the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages / content
within our websites or Applications. We do not provide any personally
identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers /
ad-servers without your consent.
We also subscribe to third-party advertising companies to serve ads
when you visit our websites or Applications. These companies may use
information (not including your name, address, email address or
telephone number or other personally identifiable information) about
your visits to this and other websites or application, in order to
provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We
do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party
websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent.
Information use by The Company:
The Company uses information for two
general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see and
to contact you about specials and new products. We will not sell or rent
your personally identifiable information to third parties and we use
reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure.
Information sharing:
The Company may disclose personal data or information or sensitive personal data about you to third parties when:
You hereby consent to share such information;
You hereby consent to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested and given your consent;
We have to cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities;
When we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to
protect and defend the rights and related property of the Company and
that of its visitors;
Updates / Changes:
The internet is an ever evolving medium. We
may alter our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary
changes in technology, applicable law or any other variant. In any
case, we reserve the right to change (at any point of time) the terms of
this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use. Any changes we make will be
effective immediately on notice, which we may give by posting the new
policy on the Websites and Applications. Your use of our Services after
such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes. You are advised
to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware
of the latest version.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
Your use of our services is at your own
risk. The services are provided by the Company on an "as is" and "as
available" basis. To the full extent permissible by applicable law,
cyber site disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but
not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose and non-infringement. You acknowledge that any
warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products or
services made available on or through our websites and applications is
provided solely by the owner, advertiser or manufacturer of that product
and/or service and not by the Company.
The Company makes no representations or
warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the
website or the information, content, materials, or products on the
website, including that
Our websites and their services will meet your requirements,
Our websites will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free,
the quality of any products, services, information or other
material purchased or obtained by you though our websites will meet your
expectations, be reliable or accurate, and
errors in the software will be corrected.
Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with
our websites, site-related services and/or content or information
contained within the site is to stop using the site and/or its services.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our
websites is done at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely
responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that
results from the download of any such material.
Void Where Prohibited:
Although the Company is accessible
worldwide, not all products or services discussed or referenced on our
websites are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or
jurisdictions. The Company reserves the right to limit the provision of
any product or service to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction it
so desires, in its sole discretion and to limit the quantities of any
such product or service that it provides. Any offer for any product or
service made on our websites is void where prohibited.
Limitation of Liability:
In no event shall the Company be liable for
any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, consequential
damages, or any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to,
damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible
losses resulting from
the use or the inability to use our services or access content,
the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from transactions entered into through or from our websites.
the unauthorized access to or alterations of your transmissions or data,
statements or conduct of any third party on the service, or
any other matter relating to the service, even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of damages.
Indemnification:
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the
Company harmless from all claims, damages and expenses (including
attorney's fees) made by any third party arising out of your content,
your use of our websites, your connection to our websites, your
violation of this Agreement, our Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy, and
the development, operation, maintenance, use and contents of your
website.
Financial Transactions and Taxes:
If you make any financial transactions on
our websites, including paying for network services fees, advertising
banners, product placements, products or services, you may be asked for
credit card or other payment information. You agree that all information
you provide is accurate, complete and current and that you will pay all
charges owed, including any applicable taxes. You agree that you are
solely responsible for any personal income reporting and tax payments
required of you by applicable government authorities.
Termination:
The Company reserves the right to
discontinue in whole or in part any portion of the website services or
programs with or without notice.
Last updated:
Mar 11, 2015