http://www.thelcf.org/privacy
Skip to main content
MENU
About UsWho We Are
Why InFaith?
Financials
Board & Staff
Contact Us
GivingFor Individuals
How it Works
Ways to Give
Your Fund Options
Create a Fund
Make a Gift
Family Giving Resources
Women & Giving
Giving Circles
For Organizations
How it Works
Start an Endowment
Grow Your Endowment
News/GrantsNews & Stories
Grants to our Community
Donor Advised Grants
Collaborative Funds
Scholarships
Financial ProfessionalsNews & InFaith Insights
Tools & Resources
Brochures & Product Sheets
Resources for Organizational Endowments
Why Work with InFaith?
Steps to Giving
Log in to Access Funds
Manage Fund/LoginFor Individuals
Access Your Fund
Printable Forms for Individuals
Make the Most of Your Fund
Help
For Organizations
Access Your Fund
Printable Forms for Organizations
Growing Your Endowment
Help
Español
Search
Search site
Privacy & Security Policy
InFaith Community Foundation values your business and is committed to safeguarding the information you provide us. We do not share or exchange information that you provide us with outside organizations that are not performing services for us or on our behalf or as permitted by law. Please review this policy to help you better understand the type of information InFaith obtains about you, how that information is obtained, how it is used and how visitors and those who share information with us can restrict its use or disclosure.
What information do we gather on our website or otherwise receive from individuals?
The only personal information InFaith obtains about individual visitors to our website is information supplied voluntarily by the visitor. InFaith’s web server automatically recognizes your IP address when you visit our site as an anonymous visitor (without logging in). It does not recognize your email address. However, you can choose to provide identifiable information about yourself to InFaith, by logging into your Fund Dashboard, submitting a web form on our website, or by contacting us and sharing your information. When visitors supply information about themselves for a specific purpose, InFaith uses the information for that purpose only (such as to provide information a visitor has requested), or as permitted by law.
Fund Dashboard login IDs and temporary passwords are issued to authorized users when a fund is opened at InFaith. With regard to donors who access the Fund Dashboard, any information provided by InFaith regarding your specific gift or charitable fund is accessible only through use of the password the donors select.  Donors can help protect their gift information by using their password carefully and by choosing a password that is difficult for someone to guess. InFaith will never ask you to provide or confirm your personal information through an email unless you have requested such an email or transaction from us. Never respond to an email (especially unsolicited email) which asks for personal or account information.
In other sections of our website (e.g., information request forms, financial questionnaires and grant request forms), we may capture additional information you may supply including, but not limited to, personal financial information, home address, telephone number, faith affiliation and other personal information in order to fulfill your request.
What information do we gather outside of our website?
InFaith may also gather information such as your name, address, email, telephone number, and other information about you and your charitable fund or interests by paper forms, email, phone, in person or fax. Similar to the information we gather through our website, when individuals supply information about themselves for a specific purpose, InFaith uses the information for that purpose only (such as to provide information a visitor has requested), or as permitted by law.
How can you update the personal information you provide to us?
To update any personal information provided to us, please call us at 800-365-4172.
How do we protect your information?
InFaith Community Foundation is committed to safeguarding your privacy. We have physical, technical and administrative safeguards in place to protect your data. Only authorized employees and authorized individuals may access and use the data about you. We require our employees and authorized individuals to protect the privacy of information about you. Your information may be accessible by third parties for the purpose of enabling them to store or use such data in connection with the permitted uses of your information under this Privacy Policy. Our third party website providers have an obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the information, except where disclosure is required by law.
Do we use encryption technology?
InFaith ensures the security of available information on its website through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. For added security, close your browser completely when you finish using this site. While online, your browser is using part of your computer's memory. If your browser is left open, it may be possible for someone using your computer to go back and use this memory to access your information. Closing your browser clears this memory. You may also want to consider clearing your browser's temporary files.
For your security, we highly recommend you update your browser to versions that support SSL. Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Apple Safari are three browsers that support these encryption techniques. A solid lock graphic will display when the SSL mode is engaged and the connection is encrypted. If you are not sure if your browser is compatible, check with your service provider.
InFaith taken steps to make all information you provide to us as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use, alteration, and/or loss. This information is kept in InFaith’s secure database. You should keep in mind, however, that no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be intercepted and used by unauthorized parties.
What do we do with the information we gather?
InFaith does not sell or disclose individually identifiable information about you to anyone outside of InFaith unless you specifically authorize it, it is noted in this Policy, it is required or permitted by law, and/or disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of employees or property. We share your information with our service providers and partners to fulfill requests made by you or on your behalf and to verify your account ownership. We also share your information to help ensure a safer online environment for our site visitors. We share information about our donors (which could include name, address, telephone number/email, birthday, type of fund and giving vehicles used, other identifying information and FR relationship) with Thrivent Financial, Thrivent Financial Credit Union,  Thrivent Mutual Companies, and their respective affiliates for the purpose of identifying shared donor/client relationships and opportunities, data analytics and research that help further our respective missions. You may be contacted about our relationship with Thrivent and/or its affiliates and other offerings. You can opt-out of receiving this information by contacting us.
To gauge the effectiveness of our website, we do collect some generic information about our visitors. This information does not reveal a visitor's identity. For example, our web server automatically recognizes a visitor's domain information, the webpage from which a visitor enters our site, which pages a visitor visits on our site, and how much time a visitor spends on each page. We aggregate this information and use it to evaluate and improve our website.
Do we use cookie technology?
Cookies are messages which often include anonymous unique identifiers given to your web browser by a web server. The browser stores the message on your computer. The message is sent back to the server each time your browser requests that site.
Cookie technology may be used in various sections of our website to provide you with customized services to increase the quality of your online experience. InFaith may use cookies to create a unique identifier to recognize you as a repeat visitor on subsequent visits. We may use this anonymous identifier to collect information about your activities on our website and to serve you more relevant advertisements. Third parties may also use cookies on our behalf to recognize your PC and display InFaith advertisements on other sites. The cookie is used to differentiate site visitors; it does not provide any personally identifiable information or directly identify you.
Cookies:
Cannot be used to reveal your email address obtained from your hard drive or learn confidential or personal information about you that you have not already explicitly revealed.
Cannot read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites.
Are not executable programs and cannot damage your computer or files on your computer.
How can you set or delete your computer cookies? Most web browsers make cookie storage easy to understand and control, but each browser has different ways to manage them – please consult your browser’s help text.
Do we use web beacons?
Web beacons (also known as pixel/page tags and clear GIFs) are used with cookies to monitor the behavior of site visitors. InFaith uses web beacons on its websites and in email communications for aggregate statistical purposes.
How do we respond to “Do Not Track” signals?
InFaith does not collect or share personally identifiable information about your online activities through web tracking mechanisms, therefore “Do Not Track” signals are not honored.  Information collected or shared about your online activity does not identify you.
How can you update the personal information you provide to InFaith?
Personal information such as address, email address and phone number can be updated by logging into your Fund Dashboard and clicking on “My Profile,” or by calling InFaith.
How do you opt out of data sharing and email and other marketing and mailings?
InFaith may use email to respond to visitors' emails and send information a visitor has requested. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can simply unsubscribe to not receive future emails.
InFaith's website may contain links to other sites. A link to a website from InFaith is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners or providers. When leaving our site, we recommend you check the privacy policy of the site you are visiting before providing personal information.  Any data or personal information collected websites other than InFaith’s website are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Do you reside in the EU?
If you reside, permanently or temporarily, in the European Union, we may provide you with additional options concerning your information.
Changes to your Personal Information. We rely upon you to update and correct your personal information. If you identify an error in your information you can make a request that we modify it by contacting us using the information in the "Contact Us" link below.
Access to your Personal Information.  If required by law we will grant reasonable access to Personal Information that we hold about you.  All requests must be directed to the address included in the "Contact Us" link below.
Revocation of Consent or Restricting Processing.  If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information, or wish to restrict the ways in which we can use your information, then we may no longer be able to provide you certain services. In some cases we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent or restrict use if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if our processing is not based on your consent.  If you would like to revoke your consent or restrict our use of information such a request must be directed to the address included in the "Contact Us" link below.
Deletion of your Information. Typically we retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required by one of Thrivent’s industry regulators. If required by law, and permitted by our regulators, we will grant a request that we delete your Personal Information. All such requests must be directed to the address included in the "Contact Us" link below.
Complaints. Complaints can be sent to us at the address included in the “Contact Us” link below. Some jurisdictions may also allow you to complain to a data protection authority as well.
What is our policy for children?
Children's safety is important to us. We have developed our privacy guidelines in compliance with the requirements outlined by the Federal Trade Commission Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). See the FTC site (Link opens in new window) for additional information on COPPA. Effective 6/10/2010, registration will not be accepted if the birth date indicates the individual is under the age of 16. Additionally, no information should be submitted to or posted on our site by children under 16 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian.
To improve the services to it can offer you, InFaith may opt to expand its capabilities for obtaining information about its website visitors in the future. InFaith Community Foundation will update this privacy statement continually to ensure you are aware of developments in this area.
If you have any questions please contact us.
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Linkedin
Home
News
Careers
Contact Us
© InFaith Community Foundation 2020EIN: 41-1802412 | Terms and Conditions  Privacy Policy  | Donor Privacy Policy