http://www.kramerslaw.com/terms-of-use
Attorneys
Directions
Contact Us
PRACTICE AREAS
Accidents
Fatality Cases
Insurance Defense
Insurance Claims
Real Estate
Business Disputes
LITIGATION GUIDE
How Lawsuits Work
Evidence
Fact Witnesses
Expert Witnesses
Medical Experts
Damages
Settlement
Attorneys
Legal Seminars
Directions
Contact Us
KramersLaw.com Online Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
What legal web site would be complete without legal disclaimers?  While lawyers can hardly resist the temptation to inundate their visitors with a
series of legal warnings, we believe that it is important to share these thoughts
on the use of KramersLaw.com and on the internet as a means of finding legal counsel: KramersLaw.com's Online Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us.  We do not collect your name, address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, or similarly personally identifiable information unless you choose to contact us through a form or via email.  Like virtually all internet sites, we do obtain certain non-personally identifiable data on our visitors, like the types of browsers they use, their operating systems, or the domain names of internet service providers.  This data allows us to analyze site usage so that we may improve the design and content of our site.When visitors contact us, we use personally identifiable information solely to respond to their inquiries. We will not contact you about other matters, unless you specifically request it, nor will we share, rent, or sell your personally identifiable information outside of Kramer & Connolly. If you are interested in applying for a job at the firm and choose to apply via email, we will use your information only for the internal
application review process. We will not voluntarily share, rent or sell it outside the firm.KramersLaw.com Does NOT Provide Legal Advice or Replace the Need for Qualified Counsel Those who try to "represent themselves" by scanning
the internet for free information often have "fools for clients" and get exactly
what they "pay" for.  Unless you arrange for an in-person or telephone consultation, the only legal advice that we can give you is to retain qualified counsel to analyze and address legal issues and cases.  While KramersLaw.com may assist you in understanding our legal system, you should not act or rely on any of this information to address the specific facts of a case or to determine your legal options and rights in specific situations.  To evaluate any legal problem, an
attorney must carefully review all of the facts, relevant documents and other
evidence to assess your legal rights and options.
The law is very complex and, while we present some general legal information
here, it is often necessary to conduct legal research to analyze specific situations and to consider legal nuances and recent legal changes that may not be reflected or discussed online.  Finally, the law often varies from state to state, making it important to contact lawyers who are licensed to practice law in the applicable jurisdiction. No user may act or rely on any of the materials or information on this web site and Kramer & Connolly makes absolutely no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy, reliability, completeness, availability, or timeliness of the contents of this site. Use of materials found on this web site, for any purpose whatsoever, is strictly at your own risk.  Kramer & Connolly and its attorneys shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, legal, equitable, special, compensatory, incidental or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever arising from access to, use of or reliance upon the information displayed on KramersLaw.com.  This site is not designed to solicit or to invite attorney-client relationships in any particular case.  Whether you retain our law firm, or hire other lawyers, make sure that you retain attorneys with experience in handling the types of issues that you are
confronting.The Use of KramersLaw.com Does Not Create An Attorney-Client RelationshipBrowsing this website or contacting us through it or through email does not create an attorney-client relationship.  Nor do we undertake any obligation to enter into such a relationship with visitors.  Before we will agree to render legal services, we must review such factors as the type of case involved, our existing workload, scheduling considerations, commitments to current clients and whether there are any conflicts of interest or other ethical restrictions in assuming representation.  Until we agree in writing to provide legal services, we have not assumed the role of legal counsel and you should not send any confidential information. Do Not Email Confidential Information to Us or To Anyone Else Until we agree in writing to provide you with paid legal services, and assume the duties of legal counsel, there is no attorney-client relationship and, legally, no attorney-client privilege to protect the confidentiality of your communications.  Thus, while we shall not share your email
address or
personal information with others, courts may not ultimately uphold the confidentiality of these communications.  In addition, there is always a risk that sensitive information may be intercepted illegally while being transmitted to our law firm.  To be safe, limit your initial inquiries to a general description of your problem and avoid details of a confidential nature.  If we agree to assist you, we will arrange for a confidential telephone or in-person legal consultation to review all of the facts in detail, together with any documents or other information needed to analyze your case.  This will help to secure your privacy and to protect your best interests.Beware of Deadlines Which May Place Time Limits on Your Legal RightsSince deadlines may be fatal to legal rights and remedies,
anyone facing legal problems or issues should contact a competent attorney as soon as possible. The specific facts of any given situation may give rise to any number of rules and regulations of which you may or may not be aware.  Never delay in contacting a competent attorney.  While we try our best to respond promptly to all such inquiries, Kramer & Connolly shall not be responsible for meeting any such deadlines or for rendering legal services on your behalf unless and until we agree in writing to represent you.  If we decline to represent
you, you should not regard this as a reflection on the merits of your case and must contact other counsel to preserve your legal rights. Effective Date: December 13, 2010.  The lawyer responsible for this web site is Irwin R. Kramer.
(410) 581-0070
PRACTICE AREAS
Accidental Injury
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Malpractice
Product Defects
Slips and Falls
Wrongful Death
Bar Admissions
Business Disputes
Insurance Cases
Insurance Claims
Insurance Defense
Legal Malpractice
Legal Ethics
Probate Cases
Real Estate Cases
Practice Areas
Professional Liability
Buyers & Sellers
LITIGATION GUIDE
How Lawsuits Work
Litigation Timeline
Case Deadlines
The Court System
Federal
Maryland
Washington, D.C.
Trial Evidence
Types of Evidence
Fact Witnesses
Expert Witnesses
Medical Experts
Damages
Settlements
Maryland fake id law
You can buy Maryland fake id on id-hurry shop with bitcoin.
The legal information on KramersLaw.com Maryland car and auto accident attorneys, personal injury lawyers, insurance claims, negligence and wrongful death lawsuits, and litigation law firms in Baltimore, Maryland, Washington, D.C., Reisterstown, Owings Mills and Glyndon,is designed for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice. You should seek the representation of licensed attorneys in Maryland and/or the District of Columbia to protect your legal rights. Please read our privacy policy and terms of use carefully when reviewing this site and when contacting this law firm. © 1998-2018 by Kramer & Connolly and Irwin R. Kramer. All Rights Reserved.