http://www.buddhacommunity.org/privacy-policy
Privacy policy | Amaravati Lay Buddhist Association
Amaravati Lay Buddhist Association
We are a lay group of Buddhists that regularly meets at Amaravati
Home
About ALBA
A very short history of ALBA
ALBA Purpose and Aims
ALBA Committee
Donate to ALBA
Privacy policy
Days of Practice
Posters for Days of Practice
Days of Practice 2020
Instructions for Online Days of Practice
Guidance for Days of Practice
Getting here
ALBA retreats
ALBA retreats 2020
Information for retreatants
Getting here
Amaravati
Dhamma
Dhamma reflections
Audio talks
Guided Meditation
ALBA newsletter archive
Home » About ALBA » Privacy policy
Privacy policy
ALBA recognises its responsibilities under the General Data Protection Regulations. This concerns all the records we might hold with information about you, your address etc.
We are implementing these Regulations in accordance with the following principles, applied as appropriate:
Data is only held about you in order to fulfil your requests and our legal responsibilities.
Your active consent is required for us to use and store data, such as when requesting to participate in a retreat, or being added to the newsletter mailing list.
You can request to see, amend or have deleted the data held about you, at any time. If you change your data status it may affect your bookings.
All the information that you provide will be kept securely and used in confidence only by the bookings manager, the retreat managers and the retreat leader.
All the information that you provide – except for your name and email address if you choose to remain on the mailing list and information you provide for Gift Aid purposes – will be deleted by the 31 March of the year following the retreat.
If you want your details to be deleted sooner, please email us at buddhacommunity@gmail.com.
Data you have supplied is not disclosed to anybody who is not authorised by ALBA. It is never sold or passed to other organisations.
Image Gallery
Amaravati Lay Buddhist Association
Cookie policy |
Privacy policy
| Contact us
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Head Blog
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.