http://www.bhandlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Updated:
10/17/2019
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the privacy practices applicable to the BHANDLAW website located at www.bhandlaw.com, including how personal information about you may be obtained, used, shared, and disclosed by us. This Policy also describes how you can opt out of some uses of personal information.
I. Information We Collect
Personal information is information through which you can be identified, such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. When you visit our website, we do not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide personal information to us (for example, by sending us an e-mail or registering for a newsletter (if available) or other event).
If you provide personal information to us, we might receive additional information about you from other sources and combine that additional information with the personal information you provided.
Non-personal information is information about you or your activities through which you cannot be personally identified. When you visit the BHANDLAW website, we may collect non-personal information, such as the type of browser and operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, which pages you visit on our website and how long you spend on each page, and the unique number assigned to your server or Internet connection.
We may use this information for a variety of purposes, including to monitor use of and improve our website as well as for internal analysis.
Cookies are small files that contain information sent by a website that is saved on your computer or device.
When you visit the BHANDLAW website, we may place a cookie on your computer or device to help us recognize and serve you better when you return. You may delete cookies from your computer or set your browser to reject cookies. However, doing so may limit some functionalities of our website.
II. How We Use Information We Collect
We may use your personal and non-personal information for our own marketing and non-marketing purposes. For example, we may use personal information to respond to your email or telephone inquiries or to advise you of upcoming events, newsletters, or legal developments. In addition, we may add your personal information to our databases, including subscriber and contact lists.
Your personal and non-personal information may be shared for any purpose by BHANDLAW, PLLC.
When you submit personal information to us through the BHANDLAW website, you understand and consent to the transfer of your personal information across national borders and to the storage and processing of your information in a country that may not provide the same level of privacy protection that your country provides.
It is BHANDLAW’s policy to not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. Your personal information may be shared with unrelated third parties, including contractors that provide services to us. For example, we may provide your personal information to third parties that assist with the operation or maintenance of our website or that we may hire to deliver newsletters or other materials to you. When we provide personal information to third parties, we require those parties to exercise reasonable care to protect your personal information, and we restrict the use of your personal information to the purposes for which it was provided to them. We may use non-personal information for a variety of purposes, including statistical or demographic analysis and improvements in the design and content of our website.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we believe that our website is being used to commit unlawful acts; if disclosure of your personal information is required to comply with applicable laws or regulations or with a court or administrative order, or will help to enforce any applicable terms of use; to protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; or to protect the safety and security of our website or third parties.
III. Making Changes to Your Personal Information
Any marketing e-mails which BHANDLAW may send will include an automated way for you to “opt out” (i.e., unsubscribe) from that particular communication or from all marketing emails sent by BHANDLAW.
To opt out, please follow the instructions on the e-mail you receive.
Or you may simply e-mail us at opt-out@bhandlaw.com to update your preferences.
It may take about 30 days for any changes to your personal profile to take effect.
IV.
Security
Although we employ security measures that we believe are reasonably appropriate to protect your personal information, we do not guarantee that our security precautions will protect against the loss or misuse of your personal information.
Similarly, we cannot guarantee the privacy of personal information you transmit over the Internet or that may be collected in transit by others, including contractors that provide services to us.
V.
Other Websites and Co-Sponsored Events
Our website contains links to other websites and, in some cases, files we believe may be of use to our visitors.
We are not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of other websites.
You should consult privacy policies of other sites before you visit those sites or provide any personal information to those sites.
We may provide information at our website about programs and events that are sponsored by or co-sponsored by other firms or organizations. If you register for any of these events, we may have no control over the third-party sponsors’ use of your personal information.
VI. Revisions to This Policy
We reserve the right to revise this Policy at any time without notice. Please review this Policy periodically for changes.
VII.
Questions
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, or if you wish to opt-out of the use of your personal data by BHANDLAW, PLLC, you may contact us by e-mail at info@bhandlaw.com or write to us at the address below:
BHANDLAW, PLLC
4808 North 22nd Street
2nd Floor
Phoenix, Arizona 85028 (USA)
Attn: Opt-Out
Please note that it will take some time for your updated preferences to take effect.
Setup a Meeting | Get a Fee Quote BHANDLAW offers an initial virtual office consultation with an attorney at a reduced hourly rate via Zoom, Webex, or GoogleChat.  To request a  meeting, please read our initial Consultation Policy then fill out and submit the form below:
Name: *FirstLastCompany or Organization:E-mail: *Phone: *I am looking for guidance on (select one): *Company StartupTechnology AgreementsIntellectual PropertyInternet/E-CommerceTell us more about your legal matter: *By clicking 'Submit' below, you acknowledge that you have read and accept our site's Legal Disclaimer and and Consultation Policy. EmailSubmit Recent Posts
Demistifying Authorized vs. Issued Shares in Your Startup
Does My Website App Need A Separate Cookie Policy, Too?
Who Can Sign for My Company?
What Should Par Value for My Startup’s Shares Be Set At?
Is Reposting Another’s Photo of Your Own Product/Service Copyright Infringement?
Find A Post
Search for:
Powered by Ajaxy
Post Archives Post Archives
Select Month
December 2020  (1)
November 2020  (2)
October 2020  (2)
September 2020  (5)
June 2020  (1)
May 2020  (4)
April 2020  (3)
March 2020  (2)
February 2020  (2)
January 2020  (2)
December 2019  (3)
November 2019  (1)
October 2019  (1)
September 2019  (1)
August 2019  (2)
July 2019  (2)
May 2019  (4)
April 2019  (1)
March 2019  (1)
February 2019  (1)
January 2019  (2)
December 2018  (1)
November 2018  (1)
October 2018  (2)
September 2018  (1)
July 2018  (1)
June 2018  (2)
May 2018  (5)
April 2018  (1)
March 2018  (3)
January 2018  (4)
December 2017  (3)
October 2017  (1)
September 2017  (4)
August 2017  (1)
June 2017  (5)
May 2017  (6)
May 2016  (1)
November 2015  (1)
July 2015  (2)
May 2015  (1)
April 2015  (2)
Post CategoriesPost Categories
Select Category
Arbitration  (1)
B Corporation  (1)
Bitcoin  (1)
Blockchain  (1)
Business Formation  (20)
Business Libel  (1)
Business Sale  (4)
CCPA  (1)
Celebrity  (1)
Client Consultation  (1)
Commercial Leases  (4)
Common Law Trademark  (3)
Confidentiality  (1)
Contracts  (25)
Copyright  (10)
Copyright Infringement  (6)
Corporations  (14)
COVID-19  (1)
Craft Brewing  (1)
Data Protection  (3)
Defamation  (1)
DMCA  (1)
E-Commerce  (4)
Employment Agreements  (4)
Entertainment  (2)
Entity Formation  (13)
Equity Incentives  (1)
European Union  (1)
FinTech  (1)
Foreign Corporation  (1)
Foreign LLC  (2)
GDPR  (2)
Independent Contractor  (3)
Intellectual Property  (5)
IPO  (1)
Lanham Act  (2)
Legal Ethics  (1)
Legal Fees  (1)
Letter of Intent  (3)
Liablity  (1)
Licensing  (2)
Liens  (1)
Limited Liability Company  (16)
Misappropriation  (1)
Negotiation  (5)
NHL  (1)
Non-Disclosure Agreements  (1)
Non-Disparagement  (2)
Online Advertising  (2)
Operating Agreement  (5)
Phoenix  (2)
Popular Culture  (6)
Privacy  (6)
Real Estate  (2)
registration to transact business  (1)
Restaurants  (2)
Sale of Business  (6)
Single Member LLC  (4)
Social Media  (1)
Software  (2)
Sports  (3)
Start-Up  (13)
Stock Options  (3)
Stock Purchase  (1)
Technology  (2)
Terms of Service  (4)
Trade Names  (1)
Trade Secrets  (2)
Trademark  (13)
Trademark Blurring  (1)
Trademark Dilution  (2)
Trademark Infringement  (8)
UCC  (1)
Uncategorized  (7)
Unemployment Insurance  (1)
Unfair Competition  (6)
USPTO  (5)
Whistleblowing  (1)
Workers Compensation  (1)
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
To customize your cookie settings, please click "Cookie settings". Cookie settingsAccept CookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.