http://www.setoncincinnati.org/privacy-policy/
Students
Important Parent and Student Resources
Academics
Athletics
Calendar
Student Life
Halo Cafe'
Daily Announcements
Saints in the News
Parent & Student e-Newsletter
Parents
Important Parent and Student Resources
Moms & Dads Club
Scholarships for Current Students
Tuition & Financial Aid
Parent & Student e-Newsletter
Alumnae
Seton 360
Alumnae
Alumnae Super Saint Scholarship Form
Class Reunions
Ways to Give
Update your Information
Calendar
Alunmae & Community e-Newsletter
Future Saints
About Seton
About Seton Home
Seton 360
Mission & History
Faculty & Staff Directory
Saints in the News
Saints in the News Home
Saints In The News Archive
Work for Seton
The School Song
Academics
Academics Home
Scholarships for Current Students
Academic Departments
Academic Departments Home
English
Math
Science
Social Studies
Religion
Business, Technology, and Engineering
Fine Arts
World Languages
Health, Physical Education, and Wellness
Advising
Advising Home
College and Career Guidance
Individual and Group Counseling
Programs for Parents & Families
Naviance Student (formerly Family Connection)
Student Support Services
Testing Information
Request a Transcript
Athletics/NCAA/NAIA
Advanced Placement and Early College Credit (Dual Enrollment)
Advanced Placement and Early College Credit (Dual Enrollment) Home
Flexible Learning
College Credit Plus
Library and Media Center
Tablet PC Program
Leadership Seminar
Senior Capstone
Gradebook Online Portal
Admissions
Admissions Home
Admissions Calendar
Plan Your Shadow Visit
Plan Your Shadow Visit Home
Seton Shadow Pictures
Admission Information Parent
Admission Information Parent Home
Admissions Application and Record Release
Honors Program & Scholarship Details
Student Support Services
Tuition & Financial Aid
Future Saints Events
Future Saints Events Home
Join our Mailing List
Spotlight on Seton
Transfer Student Admissions Process
Student Life
Student Life Home
Campus Ministry
Community Service
Student House Government
Clubs and Organizations
Clubs and Organizations Home
INTERalliance
Hope Squad
Seton-Elder Performing Arts Series
Seton-Elder Performing Arts Series Home
Student Health
Spirit Shop
Spirit Shop Home
Photo Gallery
Photo Gallery Archive
Halo Cafe'
Daily Announcements
Seton/Trihealth Summer Employment
The Bernard Journal
Athletics
Athletics Home
Athletics NCAA & NAIA Eligibility
Sports Medicine
Seton Athletic Boosters
Fall Athletic Teams
Fall Athletic Teams Home
Cross Country
Golf
Soccer
Tennis
Volleyball
Winter Athletic Teams
Winter Athletic Teams Home
Basketball
Swimming & Diving
Bowling
Spring Athletic Teams
Spring Athletic Teams Home
Lacrosse
Track & Field
Softball
Dance
Athletic Forms
Donate to Seton Athletics
Directions to Home Field Locations
Support Seton
Support Seton Home
Car Raffle
Alumnae Super Saint Scholarship Form
Ways to Give
Annual Fund & Matching Gifts
Special Events
Special Events Home
Girls' Night IN
St. Nick Surprise
moms&dads
moms&dads Home
Parent Volunteer Opportunities
Moms & Dads Club Dues
Setonsation Wish List
Update your Information
Alumnae
Alumnae Home
Class Reunions
Let’s Have a Reunion!
Seton Magazine
Sisters of Charity Associate invitation
Monthly Seton e-Newsletter
Transcript Request
Update your Information
Calendar
Calendar Home
Important Parent and Student Resources
St. Nick Surprise
e-Newsletter
e-Newsletter Home
Parent & Student e-Newsletter
Alunmae & Community e-Newsletter
Girls Night In
PlasmaAir
PlasmaAir Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Use of Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information unless you voluntarily provide it by sending us e-mail, participating in a survey, or completing an on-line form. Personal information submitted will not be transferred to any non-affiliated third parties unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. When a user submits personally identifiable information it is used only for the purpose stated at the time of collection.
Consent
Where consent for the use and disclosure of personal information is required, the school will seek consent from the appropriate person. In the case of a student’s personal information, the school will seek the consent from the student and/ or parent depending on the circumstances and the student’s mental ability and maturity to understand the consequences of the proposed use and disclosure.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file stored by your browser that allows the website to “remember” your preferences such as calendar settings and site bookmarks on the site from visit to visit, or to maintain your “logged in” status when visiting protected areas. Use of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Web browsers have settings allowing you to reject cookies, or selectively accept cookies, or delete cookies previously accepted. Please be aware that rejecting or deleting cookies from our website may make certain functions unavailable to you.
Log Files
Like most standard website servers, we use website statistic packages such as Google Analytics to analyze trends in how our website is accessed and utilized. Information monitored includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, geographic location of visitors (country, city), browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, time spent on pages, and keywords used to find our site via search engines. This information is anonymous and cannot be directly linked to individual users. We may use it to identify high-use or low-use areas of the site, pinpoint problem areas of the site, analyze broad demographic trends in our visitors, and make decisions about how to make it easier for people to find and navigate our website.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security
This website takes many precautions to protect our users' personal information. Whenever users submit personal information (such as contact info or credit card info) via online forms, registration, or online purchase, upon submission that information is encrypted via high-level SSL (Secured Sockets Layer) available. Servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment. Under no circumstances are credit card numbers permanently stored on our website servers.
Non-secured Communications
Posts to discussion forums, discussion boards, comments to blogs, and Alumni Class Notes are viewable by other users. When these areas are not in a password protected area, they may be viewable by the general public. Please be aware of this when posting personal information in these areas.
Contact InformationIf users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
3901 Glenway AvenueCincinnati, Ohio 45205Phone: 513.471.2600Fax: 513.471.0529
3901 Glenway Ave
Cincinnati, OH 45205
Phone: 513-471-2600
Calendar
Faculty & Staff Directory
Photo Gallery
Donate Now
Staff Resources
Grade Portal
Naviance Student
©2020 Seton High School
Site by Sanger & Eby
Site Map
Privacy Policy