http://www.wiego.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Empowering Informal Workers, Securing Informal Livelihoods
Custom Language Switcher
English
Español
Français
Home
Terms of Website Use
By using and/or accessing www.wiego.org or any material herein, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms & Conditions (which include the Privacy Policy). Our Terms & Conditions may be updated without notice to you, so please check back here regularly.
This website, www.wiego.org, is provided as a public service. Any member of the public may use this site to review and retrieve information and documents.
All original content on this website, its features and functionality are owned by Women in Informal Employment: Organizing and Globalizing, Ltd. (WIEGO) or the authors and publishers, as indicated. WIEGO’s material is protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
WIEGO material on this website, including statistical data, can be replicated for educational and organizing purposes as long as the source is acknowledged (see Using and Citing Material from WIEGO). Material that is referenced as belonging to other external authors or organizations should be properly cited, and users should, where using such external material, contact the appropriate owner of that material for permissions.
If you believe any content on this website infringes on your intellectual property rights, privacy rights or other rights, please contact us. We will deal with your concern as quickly as possible.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
We endeavour to offer the most current, correct, and clearly expressed information possible on this website. However, some material may be out-of-date or contain inadvertent errors in information. WIEGO makes no warranties or representations whatsoever regarding the accuracy, quality, content, completeness, or adequacy of information and data on the website. In any situation where WIEGO’s printed/PDF publications differ from the information contained on the website, please consider the most recent material, by publication date, to be the most accurate.
WIEGO may also make changes to the website or any of its materials at any time without notice to you.
This website provides access to the world wide web, including links to other sites. Once you leave the WIEGO site (including via links from our website), WIEGO cannot control the information you access and is not responsible for your use of other websites, or for the information they contain. If misleading, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate information on this website is brought to our attention, a reasonable effort will be made to fix or remove it as soon as is reasonably possible. Such concerns about the website should be addressed to wiego@wiego.org.
DISCLAIMER OF RELIABILITY
WIEGO makes no representations or warranties regarding the condition or functionality of this website, its suitability for use, or that this web service will be uninterrupted or error-free.
We cannot ensure that the website is appropriate or available for use in every territory around the world. By using the website, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws in your territory. You must stop using it immediately if by using it you infringe any law or regulation in your jurisdiction.
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE WEBSITE
If you submit or upload any content to the website, you agree to accept and comply with the following rules at all times. In these Terms & Conditions, "content" means any comment, publication, resource or other user-generated content.
We do not guarantee that we moderate any content posted to the website but we reserve the right to review/remove/edit any content at any time. We also reserve our right to terminate your access to the website or any part of it. Any comments submitted to the website are submitted without being edited. If you wish to report any content contributed to the website, please email us.
Content contributed to the website by users contains the contributors' personal views and information, not those of WIEGO. WIEGO does not endorse the accuracy or reliability of, and will accept no liability for, any advice, opinion, statement or information contained in any user generated content.
Any content posted to this website (including any comments) may be used by WIEGO for any purpose, including on our websites and in hard copy publications, provided it is used in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES
By using this website or any part of it, you assume all risks associated with the use of this site, including any risk of relying on information or content found on this site; or risk to your computer, software or data being damaged. WIEGO shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including (but not limited to) lost revenues or lost profits, resulting from the use or misuse of the WIEGO website and/or information contained on it.
If your use of the website results in any losses for WIEGO, you will compensate WIEGO for all its losses (including direct and indirect losses, all costs and all damages).
DISCLAIMER OF ENDORSEMENT
The opinions of authors expressed on this website do not necessarily state or reflect those of WIEGO, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
Reference in the website to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trade mark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favouring by WIEGO.
Questions or Concerns? Please contact us.
Language
English
Related Publications
View all publications
Related Blog Posts
Violaciones a los derechos humanos de
recicladores en Latinoamérica señalan urgencia de mejorar sus condiciones de trabajoBy
Federico Parra, Tania Espinosa Sánchez
Plaidoyer pour un travail décent : Les récupératrice·eur·s de matériaux en Amérique latine documentent des violations des droits humainsBy
Federico Parra, Tania Espinosa Sánchez
Human rights violations signal urgent need to improve waste pickers’ working conditions in Latin AmericaBy
Tania Espinosa Sánchez, Federico Parra
Informal Workers See a Long Road to Recovery Ahead — Unless Governments ActBy
Sally Roever, Michael Rogan
Trabajadoras y trabajadores en empleo informal ven un largo camino hacia la recuperación, a menos que los gobiernos actúenBy
Sally Roever, Michael Rogan
Visit the WIEGO Blog
About Us
Who We Are
WIEGO Institutional Members
HomeNet Thailand
WIEGO Individual Members
WIEGO Board
WIEGO Board Biographies
WIEGO Team
WIEGO Team Bios
Donors
What We Do
Our Niche
WIEGO Manifesto
WIEGO General Assemblies
Job/Contract Postings
Consultant in communication and campaign on social networks
WIEGO Annual Reports
COVID-19
Global Impact Study
Support informal workers' campaigns
Resources for Informal Workers
Waste pickers
Home-based workers
Domestic workers
Street Vendors
Memorial Tributes
Our Work
WIEGO News & Events
Core Programmes
Organization & Representation
Statistics
Law Programme
Administrative Justice for Informal Workers
Home-based workers in Bulgaria: Using the ILO Reporting Mechanism to Work
Law Programme Engagement in Global Agenda Setting Processes
Social Protection
Analyzing Responses to COVID-19
Urban Policies
Focal Cities
Accra
Dakar
Delhi
Delhi Diary
Delhi Diary: 2020
Delhi and the COVID-19 Epidemic
COVID-19 and Delhi’s Waste Pickers
Focal City Learning Meeting 2020
Not just hunger but also safety: Relief for waste pickers during COVID-19
Impact of COVID-19 on Street Vendors in India: Status and Steps for Advocacy
July 2020
Rebuilding Lives in Resettlements: The Story of Savita Ben
Lima
Mexico City
Los Rifados de la Basura Campaign
Informal Economy Themes
Organizing & Organizations
Inclusive Cities and the Urban Informal Economy
Working in Public Space: Resources
Social Protection
Child Care & Informal Workers
Income Security for Older Workers
Informal Economy Podcast
Workers' Health
Law & Informality
Formalizing
Women's Economic Empowerment
Special Initiatives
Research
Exposure Dialogues
Policy Dialogues
Impact Stories
Informal economy
History & Debates
Statistics
Statistical Picture
Concepts, Definitions & Methods
Development of Statistics on the Informal Economy
Occupational Groups
Domestic Workers
"Making C189 Real": The Domestic Workers Project
Home-Based Workers
Street Vendors
Waste Pickers
Waste Pickers Fighting Climate Change
Poverty, Inequality & Growth Linkages
Links with Poverty
Hierarchies of Earnings and Poverty
Links with Poverty: Data Sources
Links with Poverty: Earlier Findings
Links with Inequality
Links with Growth
Links with Economic Crises
Impact of the Global Recession on Members of SEWA in India
Support to Informal Workers During & After Economic Crises
Worker Stories
Policy Framework
Publications & Resources
WIEGO Publication Series
WIEGO Working Papers
WIEGO Briefs
WIEGO Resource Documents
Workers' Lives
ILO-WIEGO Statistical Reports
Worker Education & Advocacy Resources
Peer reviewed publications
Informal Economy Monitoring Study (IEMS)
Informal Economy Budget Analysis (IEBA)
Blogs