http://www.uia.org/privacypolicy
Jump to navigation
Home
Core ActivitiesYearbook of International OrganizationsOnline Access
Print Access
Open Yearbook
International Congress CalendarOnline Access
Open Calendar
Associations Round Table2020/2021
Past
Future
Encyclopedia of World ProblemsOnline Access
Customized Data ExtractionsData Extractions
Data Streaming
Data Selection
PublicationsReference WorksYearbook of International Organizations
International Congress Calendar
Statistics & SurveysInternational Meetings Statistics Report
Survey on International Meeting Issues
Statistics
Stay InformedWorld of Associations News
Past PublicationsUIA Publications Database
Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential
Open Access Journals
UIA Archives
ServicesCustomized Data ExtractionsData Selection
Extractions Pricing
Streaming Pricing
Free Resources for ResearchFraud Monitor
Directory Scams Fraud Alert
Link Directory
IGO Search Engine
Civil Society Glossary
What We Do For:Associations
The Meetings Industry
Academics and Researchers
SponsorshipAdvertising & SponsorshipRound Table Sponsorship
Survey on International Meetings Issues
Online Advertising
Advertising in UIA Associations Mailing
Advertising in UIA Newsletter
ProjectsActive ProjectsOpen Yearbook
Open Calendar
Encyclopedia of World Problems
Executive Master in International Association Management
Round Table2020/2021Europe (Prague)
Asia-Pacific (Seoul)
Past
FutureRound Table 2020/2021 Sponsorship Opportunities
Newsroom
MembershipAssociate MembershipCategories and Benefits
Application Form
Current Members
Login for Associate Members
Active MembershipCurrent Members
About UIAGeneral InformationHistory
Purpose and Objectives
Partners and Institutional Status
Structure & Statutes
Secretariat
Privacy Policy
Support UIAMake a donation
UIA's Relevance toGlobal Issues
Associations
The Meetings Industry
Academics and Researchers
Log in
Contact
Cart
Donate
Privacy Policy
Download Privacy Policy
1.
General
1.1.
This is the privacy policy of the Union of International Associations (“UIA”), an international non-profit association with registered offices in Belgium at 1050 Brussels, Rue Washington 40, registered in the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under the number 0408.287.747. The UIA acts as the controller with regard to the processing of your personal data, which it can obtain (i) directly from you, or (ii) indirectly through online and offline research or through third parties, such as subcontractors, partners or contracting parties.
1.2.
The UIA is a research institute and documentation center. Non-profit, apolitical, independent, and non-governmental in nature, the UIA has been a pioneer in the research, monitoring and provision of information on international organizations, international associations and their global challenges since 1907. The UIA has consultative status with ECOSOC and associate status with UNESCO.
1.3.
The UIA can at any moment modify this privacy policy. Consult it therefore regularly.
2.
Legal framework
2.1.
This privacy policy is subject to privacy legislation, a.o. (i) the Belgian Data Protection Act of 8th December 1992 on the protection of privacy in relation to the processing of personal data (as amended) (the “Privacy Act”), and/or (ii) Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) (“GDPR”) (together or separate “Privacy Legislation”).
3.
Purpose
3.1.
The UIA can process the personal data in accordance with the Privacy Legislation and this privacy policy, in order to achieve the purpose and exercise the activities for which it has been established.
3.2.
The purposes and activities of the UIA are, i.a.,
(i)
documenting the work of International Nongovernmental Organizations (INGOs) and Intergovernmental Organizations (IGOs) and promoting the public awareness of their activities,
(ii)
focusing on promoting the internationality of these organizations and on representing the collective views of international bodies,
(iii)
collecting, hosting, providing and publishing up-to-date, reliable information on global civil society and maintaining a comprehensive source of information on international associations, their activities and concerns, and their meetings activities (the UIA collects personal data e.g. name, professional contact details and functions to appear in its yearbooks, biographies etc.),
(iv)
providing direct marketing regarding its activities such as updates, newsletters, direct marketing info brochures, emails, event invitations, marketing materials, information regarding the organizations mentioned in the UIA’s member database and other information that may be useful to you,
(v)
informing third parties (subcontractors, partners and contracting parties) in this respect,
(vi)
creating a member database (“the Yearbook of International Organizations”) and collecting information in this respect
(vii)
prospecting new members
4.
Legal basis and applicability
4.1.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data is: (i)
your free , specific, informed and unambiguous consent to the UIA, its partners or contracting parties to process your personal data. You can give your consent by any means, such as, but not limited to telephone, mail, email and an online or offline consent form; and/ or (ii) the agreement or membership you have entered into with the UIA regarding one of its activities set out in article 3.
4.2.
This privacy policy is not necessarily applicable to services, activities or products of third parties to which can be referred and on which a different privacy policy might apply.
5.
Personal data
5.1.
The personal data the UIA can process are, i.a.: first name, name, address, phone number, year of birth, nationality, profession, function, curriculum vitae, membership of boards of directors in associations, membership in associations.
5.2.
With agreeing to this privacy policy, you guarantee that the personal data you have provided, are complete and correct.
6.
Use, collection, process, record and transfer of personal data
6.1.
Providing your personal data to the UIA and/or entering into a membership/contract with the UIA, implies that you:
(i)
declare that you are fully informed about this privacy policy and that you fully accept this privacy policy without any reservation; and/or
(ii)
give your free, specific, informed and unambiguous consent to the UIA to process or have processed your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy and the Privacy Legislation.
6.2.
As a consequence, you expressly grant the UIA permission to use you personal data to:
(i)
accomplish the Purpose set out under article 3.1;
(ii)
comply with applicable legislation;
(iii)
transfer this to subcontractors, partners and/or contracting parties for the execution of the foregoing points.
6.3.
The UIA guarantees it does not transfer your personal data to third parties, with exception to subcontractors, partners or contracting parties for the achievement of the Purpose or the execution of the UIA’s activities. In this context, the UIA is not responsible for the further processing of the personal data by these subcontractors, partners or contracting parties.
6.4.
The UIA stores the personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the Purpose or exercise its activities.
7.
Your rights
7.1.
The Privacy Legislation provides you with a number of rights in relation to you personal data. You have the right, free of charge:
(i)
accomplish the Purpose set out under article 3.1;
(i)
to have access to and receive a copy of your personal data;
(ii)
to have your personal data corrected in case errors would occur;
(iii)
to have your personal data erased;
(iv)
to have the processing of your personal data restricted;
(v)
to have your personal data transferred to a third party;
(vi)
to object against the processing of you personal data, in particular the processing in light of direct marketing purposes;
(vii)
to withdraw your consent pursuant to which the UIA is allowed to process your personal data;
(viii)
to lodge a complaint with the Commission for the Protection of Privacy (“Privacy Commission”) if you are of the opinion that the processing of your personal data breaches the Privacy Legislation.
7.2.
In case you want to exercise the above rights, and provided you prove your identity, you can send a written, dated and signed request by mail to UIA Secretariat, Rue Washington 40, 1050 Brussels, Belgium or by email to uia@uia.org.
8.
Security
8.1.
The UIA commits to take all reasonable measures to its best ability to safeguard the protection of the personal data you provided through technical safety measures and an appropriate safety policy for its employees. Your personal data is stored on the UIA server. You acknowledge and accept that the transfer and storage of personal data is never without risk and thus consequently, the damage that you may suffer from the unlawful use of your personal data by third parties can never be collected from the UIA.
9.
Liability
9.1.
The UIA cannot be held liable: (i) in circumstances of force majeure and/or (ii)
for any indirect or consequential damage. In any event, the UIA’s liability cannot exceed 15,000 euro (fifteen thousand euro) for any breach regarding this privacy policy.
10.
Severability
10.1.
If any provision in this privacy policy is deemed to be unlawful or unenforceable, that provision shall be amended by the UIA and yourself insofar as necessary in order to make it lawful or enforceable, while retaining the meaning of the UIA and yourself with respect to that provision as much as possible.
11.
Applicable law and competent court
11.1.
You agree that all disputes between you and the UIA regarding personal data and privacy issues, are exclusively subject to Belgian law, excluding any conflict of law principles.
11.2.
Every dispute regarding personal data and privacy issues belongs to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Dutch speaking courts of Brussels, Belgium, excluding any other court.
17 January 2018