https://www.transgenderzone.com/privacypolicy.htm
Toggle navigation
Forum
Media
Blog
FTM
Library
Guides
Social
Awards
18+
Privacy and Cookies
COOKIES and PRIVACY
Transgender Zone Privacy Policy
COOKIE POLICY AND THE NEW EU DIRECTIVE
The following statement explains our policy regarding the personal information
we collect about you.
Statement of intent
Information on visitors
What is a cookie?
Submitting personal information
Access to your personal information
Users under 18
How to find and control your cookies
Statement of intent
From time to time, you will be asked to submit personal information about
yourself (eg name and email address etc) in order to receive or use services on
our website. Such services include newsletters, live chats, message boards and
forums, agony and support services.
By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable the Transgender
Zone and its service providers to provide you with the services you select.
Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information
in accordance with this policy. Our services are designed to give you the
information that you want to receive.
Information on visitors
During the course of any visit to the Transgender
Zone Website, you may see
reference to  something called a cookie, these are downloaded to your
computer (see point 3 for more on this). Most, if not all, websites do this,
because cookies allow the website publisher to do useful things like find out
whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the site before. This
is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there
on the last visit. Cookies are essential for correct use of the Transgender
Zone Forums
to reveal new posts since your last visit.
Any information that is supplied by cookies can help us to provide you with a
better service and assists us to analyse the profile of our visitors.
Transgender Zone and
Certain advertisers, may use cookies, these pages are used to offer discounts or record
click-thrus - they are set to appear only once in 24 hours
if cookies are enabled. Both the cookies and the embedded code provide
non-personal statistical information about visits to pages on the site and to
advertisers.
What is a cookie?
When you enter a site your computer will automatically be issued with a cookie.
Cookies are text files that identify your computer to our server. Cookies in
themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Many
sites do this whenever a user visits their site in order to track traffic flows.
You can find out more on cookies and the law below.
Cookies themselves only record those areas of the site that have been visited by
the computer in question, and for how long. Users have the opportunity to set
their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued,
or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these, of course, means that
certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user.
NB: Even if you haven't set your computer to reject cookies you can still browse
our site anonymously until such time as you register for any Transgender
Zone services.
Submitting personal information
In general, any information you provide to
the Transgender Zone
will only be used within the Transgender
Zone. It will
never be supplied to anyone outside the Transgender
Zone without first obtaining
your consent, unless we are obliged by law to disclose it. We will hold your
personal information on our systems for as long as you use the service you have
requested, and remove it in the event that the purpose has been met, or, in the
case of a membership, you no longer wish to continue with your registration as a
member. Where personal information is held for people who are not yet registered
but have taken part in other services (eg competitions), that information will
be held only as long as necessary to ensure that the service is run smoothly. In
some instances we ask that people sign our release form for podcasting, use of
personal images or audio/visual/music production. Full details are within that
form when you sign it.
If you are notified on a Transgender Zone site that your information may be used
to allow the Transgender Zone to contact you for "service administration
purposes", this means that the Transgender Zone may contact you for a number of
purposes related to the service you have signed up for. For example, we may wish
to provide you with password reminders or notify you that the particular service
has been suspended for maintenance or notifying you of improvements to the service
or new services on Transgender Zone
site or if you sign up specifically to receive such promotional
information, e.g. the Transgender
Zone Newsletter/Mailing List.
Users under 18
If you are under 18, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand
whenever you provide personal information to the Transgender
Zone website. Users
without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
Cookies
Cookies are set by web
sites that you visit and stored by web browser applications
(Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, etc.) to remember
information relating to the web site, and your activity on
that site.  The major uses of cookies are normal and
necessary to keep track of your visit (or 'session') - for
example to allow you to build a shopping basket or to log in
to an online account.
Cookies are either 'session
cookies' or 'permanent cookies' (also called 'persistent'),
though even permanent cookies can expire after a while.
Often a web site will just use cookies to store a 'token' to
recognise a visitor rather than actually storing potentially
personal data in the cookie.  Some sites may store personal
data in a cookie on the computer (or smart-phone etc.) you
use - and so you may want to consider whether the computer
you are using could be used by others.
Most web sites used 'first
party' cookies to remember information for their own
benefit, however there may be in addition some 'third party'
cookies stored for third party services used on the site.
Third party services can include tracking web site
statistics, and tracking online advertising, Transgender
Zone advertising partners may set such cookies when clicked.
Cookies Used
The new EU directive on
websites and how they handle cookies and implicit and
explicit consent for them, the cookies set by Transgender
Zone are necessary for the provision of our forum and this
site. Refusal of cookies on the forum for example would
mean you having to login on every page you visit. A cookie
saves your this trouble as it remembers who you are.
How to find and control your cookies
If you're using Firefox:
On your Task Bar, click:
1. Options,  then
2. Privacy
3. 'Remove individual Cookies'
4. Look in the list for transgenderzone.
5. Beside the name will list the cookies used.
If you're using Internet Explorer 9:
1. Open Internet Explorer by clicking the Start button . In the search box, type
Internet Explorer, and then, in the list of results, click
Internet Explorer.
2. Click the Tools button , and then click Internet options.
3. Click the Privacy tab, and then move the slider to a
position between the top and bottom so you're not blocking
or allowing all cookies.
4. Click Sites.
5. In the Address of website box, type a website address,
and then click Block or Allow.
As you type, a list of webpages that you've already visited
will be displayed. You can click an item in the list and it
will be displayed in the Address of website box.
6. Repeat step 5 for each website you want to block or
allow. When you're finished, click OK.
7. Move the slider back to the position it was originally
in, and then click OK.
If you're using Google Chrome:
1. Click the wrench icon tools menu on the browser toolbar.
2. Select Settings.
3. Click Show advanced settings.
4. In the "Privacy" section, click the Content settings
button.
5. In the "Cookies" section, you can change the cookies
settings.
If you're using Apple Safari:
1. If you are concerned about cookies, you can set how you
want Safari to handle them.
2. Important: Changing your cookie preferences or removing
cookies in Safari may change or remove them in other
applications, including Dashboard.
3. Open Safari if it is not already open.
4. Choose Safari > Preferences, and then click Privacy.
5. In the “Block cookies” section, specify if and when
Safari should accept cookies from websites. To see an
explanation of the options, click the Help button (question
mark).
6. If you want to see which websites store cookies on your
computer, click Details.
7. If you set Safari to block cookies, you may need to
temporarily accept cookies to open a page. Repeat the above
steps, selecting Never. When you’re done with the page,
block cookies again, and then remove the page’s cookies.
More Help
About Cookies
All About Cookies
Information Commissioners Office
Cookies
Advice for the public