http://www.mtholyoke.edu/policies/website-terms-and-conditions-use
Access and Inclusion
Jump to content
Jump to Navigation
Campus Updates
Visit the Campus Updates page for information on Mount Holyoke’s response to the global pandemic. The Opening the Gates website contains the plan for the spring semester.
You are hereHome > Institutional Policies > Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Web site (available at www.mtholyoke.edu) (the "Web site," or "site") is provided to you by Mount Holyoke College ("Mount Holyoke," "we" or "us"). To assist you in using our Web site, and to explain the relationship arising from your use of our site and the information and services offered through it, we have created these Terms and Conditions of Use (the "Terms of Use" or "Terms"). Our Terms apply to: (i) visitors to our site who wish to learn more about Mount Holyoke; (ii) members of the Mount Holyoke community including, but not limited to, Mount Holyoke students, faculty, staff and alumnae; and (iii) anyone signing up to become a member of our site (collectively, "you," "your" or "user"). These Terms only apply to your use of the Web site, and receipt of information and other materials through the site. These Terms must be read in conjunction with our Digital Privacy Statement, and the provisions of our Digital Privacy Statement are incorporated herein. These Terms do not apply to information or services that you provide to Mount Holyoke or obtain from Mount Holyoke through other means.
Please read this document carefully before you use our site. By using our Web site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, please do not use our site.
Your Agreement. These Terms govern your use of the Web site. Please read these Terms carefully as they impose legal obligations on you and us. By using the Web site you consent to these Terms. In addition, for certain activities on the Site, we may further confirm your consent to these Terms by asking you to click an "I accept" button acknowledging your agreement to these Terms.
Obtaining a Password; Use of Your Password. We may make certain areas of our Site accessible only to users that have a user ID and password. If we do so, and if you obtain a user ID and password, please keep in mind that we will treat anyone who uses your user ID and password as "you." We will provide this user with all of the rights and privileges that we provide to you, and we will hold you responsible for the activities of a person using your user ID and password. We therefore recommend that you maintain your user ID and password in confidence, and that you refrain from disclosing this information to anyone who might "pretend" to be you with respect to your use of our Web site. We also recommend that you notify us immediately if you suspect that someone is using your user ID and password in this or any an unauthorized manner.
Scope of Terms of Use. We provide a variety of information and services that are not available through our Web site. These Terms of Use only apply to your use of our Web site, and not to information or services you obtain from us through other means such as forms that you print from our Web site and send to us via traditional mail. Please contact us as set out in Section 23 (Contact Us) if you have any questions.
Grant of Rights to You. Based on your agreement to comply with these Terms, we grant you the right to access and use all publicly available portions of our Web site, Web site content and Web site services and, if expressly authorized, password-protected areas of our Web site, Web site content and Web site services in order to: (i) learn more about Mount Holyoke and the services that we offer; (ii) contribute information to our Web site; (iii) register to become a member of our Site; (iv) download and print pages and forms from our Web site onto one (1) computer hard drive; and (v) access other information that we make available through our Web site (collectively, the "Permitted Purposes"). You acknowledge and agree that the Web site, Web site content and Web site services are made available solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and that the Permitted Purposes allow only personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of the Web site, Web site content and Web site services is strictly prohibited.
Mount Holyoke Ownership; Reservation of Rights. All information, software, artwork, text, video, audio, pictures, logos, and other content on the Web site or embodied in our information and services, including all associated intellectual property rights (collectively, the "Web site content"), is the property of Mount Holyoke and its licensors, or is used under principles of fair use. Mount Holyoke retains all rights with respect to the Web site, Web site content and Web site services except those expressly granted to you in Section 4 (Grant of Rights to You). The term "Web site content" expressly excludes Submitted Content.
Submitted Content. For purposes of these Terms of Use, the term "Submitted Content" means information you submit to our Site including, but not limited to: (i) material you provide for publication on any areas of our Web site or in connection with our Web site services; (ii) feedback, comments and suggestions you provide to us through the Site; (iii) questions or comments that you provide to us; (iv) images and audiovisual files that you provide to us; (v) any other information or materials you provide to us; or (vi) post directly or indirectly on our Site. The term "Submitted Content" expressly excludes Personal Information, as set out in our Digital Privacy Statement, except where you include Personal information within material you submit for public posting on the Web site. 6.1 Grant of Rights in Submitted Content. By providing Submitted Content, you authorize us to copy, modify, display, distribute, perform, use and otherwise exploit the Submitted Content in any manner, without compensation to you, and for so long as we deem warranted (collectively, the "Use Rights"). In addition, you authorize us to grant any third party some or all of the Use Rights. By way of example, and not limitation, the Use Rights include the right for us to publish Submitted Content on our Web site in whole or in part, and whether cropped, adopted, altered or otherwise manipulated for as long as we choose. 6.2 Requisite Permissions for Providing Submitted Content. By providing Submitted Content, you represent and warrant that you own such Submitted Content (including any copyright and other intellectual property rights therein), or that you have obtained sufficient authority and right to the Submitted Content in order to provide the Use Rights. For example, by posting material on a blog page that includes a photograph, you represent and warrant to us that you have obtained the necessary permission from anyone appearing in the photograph to grant us the Use Rights in the photograph. 6.3 Submitted Content that Contains Personal Information. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, if you provide Submitted Content to the Web site, by way of electronic mail or otherwise, we will treat such Submitted Content as non-confidential and non-proprietary to you. Submitted Content that you provide to us for posting on the Web site or in one of our Web site services, or that you post directly on our Site, may, once posted, be publicly available to anyone accessing our Web site or Web site services. Although we may review Submitted Content prior to using it, we make no representations or warranties regarding any Submitted Content or our review of said Submitted Content. In addition, any Personal Information that is included in Submitted Content will be treated as public Submitted Content and is expressly excluded from the definition of "Personal Information" under our Digital Privacy Statement. For example, you may include your name, mailing address, and e-mail address on a blog page. This information will be publicly available, and will no longer qualify as Personal Information. As such, please use discretion when including Personal Information and other details in Submitted Content you provide to us. 6.4 Right to Decline Submitted Content. We expressly reserve the right to refuse to use (or to disable or remove) any Submitted Content that we conclude, in our sole discretion, violates these Terms or our Digital Privacy Statement, or is incompatible with the purposes of our Web site. 6.5 Requisite Permission for Names and Email Addresses. In providing us with a third party's name and e-mail address when using the "send an ePostcard" option available on our Web site, you represent and warrant that you have first obtained permission from the third party to do so.
Code of Conduct; Revocation or Suspension of Use Privileges. By using our Web site, you agree to comply with these Terms, and to follow our Code of Conduct, which is set out below. Under this Code, you shall not: 7.1 Use the Web site in a manner that could disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other parties' use and enjoyment of the Site. 7.2 Seek to obtain access to material or information that we have not intentionally made available to you on the Web site through "hacking," "scraping," or other means. 7.3 Submit material that is intentionally false, defamatory, unlawfully threatening, or unlawfully harassing. 7.4 Transmit material through the Site that you know or should know contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, or other computer-programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, data, or Personal Information. We reserve the right at any time to terminate or suspend your use of some or all of the Web site if you engage in activities that we conclude, in our sole discretion, breach our Code of Conduct or otherwise violate these Terms of Use or our Digital Privacy Statement.
Links to Third-Party Sites. Our Web site, Web site content and Web site services may contain links or references to third party websites. We have no control over these other sites or their content and do not assume responsibility or liability for any content, opinions, or material available on them. We do not endorse the content of any third-party site, nor do we warrant that a third- party site will be free of computer viruses or other harmful code that can impact your computer or other web-access device. If you link to any third-party site through the Web site, Web site content or Web site services, please be aware that you are doing so at your own risk. We encourage you to review any third-party website's terms of use and privacy policy as those, and not our Terms of Use and Digital Privacy Statement, are applicable to your use of their site and any information that they collect.
Disclaimer of Endorsements; Information Accuracy. The information made available through the Web site (including, but not limited to Submitted Content provided by other users), Web site services and Web site content is made without any endorsement of any kind by Mount Holyoke. In addition, while we may review information (including, but not limited to, Submitted Content) before it is posted on our Web site, we do not undertake to validate the accuracy and timeliness of this information. If you have questions concerning the accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of the information on our Web site, Web site content and Web site services, we encourage you to contact the source of that information directly or webmaster@mtholyoke.edu.
Warranty Disclaimer. We do not promise that the Web site, Web site services or Web site content will be error-free, uninterrupted, or without inaccuracies. The Web site, Web site services and Web site content, are all provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We do not represent or warrant that the Web site, Web site services, Web site content, or files you download from the Site will be free of viruses, inaccuracies, or other harmful features. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Mount Holyoke disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. You expressly agree that use of the Web site, Web site content, Web site services is at your sole risk.
Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances including, but not limited to breach of contract, tort, or negligence, will Mount Holyoke be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages (including lost profits) that arise out of, or are related to, your use of the Web site, Web site content or Web site services. In no event shall Mount Holyoke's aggregate liability to you for any loss, damage, or claim related to or arising out of the Web site, Web site content or Web site services received from Mount Holyoke exceed U.S. $250.
Indemnity. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Mount Holyoke and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees harmless from any liability to third parties, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your breach of these Terms or a claim that Submitted Content or other material that you provide to us violates rights held by a third party.
Contact for Alleged Copyright Infringement. We respect the intellectual property rights of others and require that our users do the same. If you believe that any content available on our Site or any other activity taking place on the Site constitutes infringement of a work protected by copyright law, please notify our agent, designated under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (the "DMCA") to respond to such concerns, as follows: Alex Wirth-Cauchon Chief Information Officer Mount Holyoke College South Hadley, MA 01075 (413) 538-2000
Your notice must comply with the DMCA. Upon receipt of a proper notice, we will respond and proceed in accordance with the DMCA.
Additional Terms for Certain Services. We may offer certain services on our Web site that are subject to additional or different terms and conditions. We will notify you if the service you are using on the Web site is subject to terms and conditions that differ from these Terms, and you may decline to participate in such services if you do not agree with the differing terms and conditions. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and a more specific agreement that you may enter into with us, the terms of the more specific agreement will control.
Monitoring of Web Site Use. You agree that we have the right and discretion, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with our Web site, Web site content and Web site services. We may investigate any reported violation of these Terms of Use or complaints relating to the Web site, Web site content and Web site services, and take any action that we believe is appropriate including, but not limited to, removing materials from the Web site and terminating/suspending your access to the Web site.
>Modifications to These Terms. If we modify these Terms, then such modifications shall take effect proactively, upon your subsequent access to the Web site. You may print out a copy of these Terms for your records.
Assignment. These Terms shall not be assignable by you, either in whole or in part. We reserve the right to assign the rights and obligations under these Terms for any reason and in our sole discretion.
Definitions.18.1 "Personal Information" has the meaning set out in our Digital Privacy Statement.18.2 "Submitted Content" is defined in Section 6 (Submitted Content) of these Terms of Use.18.3"User," "you" and "your" refer to: (i) visitors to our Site who wish to learn more Mount Holyoke; (ii) members of the Mount Holyoke community including, but not limited to, Mount Holyoke students, faculty and alumnae; and (iii) anyone signing up to become a member of our Site.18.4 "We," "us," "our" and "Mount Holyoke" refer to Mount Holyoke College. 18.5 "Web Site Content" has the meaning set out in Section 5 (Mount Holyoke Ownership; Reservation of Rights).18.6 "Web Site Services" means the information, services and other benefits you are able to obtain from the Web site including, but not limited to, those services described in the section entitled "Our Uses of Your Personal Information" in our Digital Privacy Statement. The Term "Web site services" expressly excludes those services that you may obtain from third parties through our Web site, Web site content, Web site services, and links available on our Web site to third-party sites.
General. These Terms shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without giving effect to its conflicts of law provisions. Both parties submit to the personal jurisdiction of and venue in, the state and federal courts sitting in the judicial district that includes Hampshire County, Massachusetts. The parties further agree that any cause of action arising under these Terms shall exclusively be brought in such courts. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe, or describe the scope or extent of such section. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. These Terms set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and us with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any prior or contemporaneous understanding, whether written or oral.
Claims Against Other Users. You agree that in the event that you have any right, claim or action against visitors or other users of our Web site arising out of that person's use of the Web site, then you will pursue such right, claim or action independently of and without recourse to us, and you release Mount Holyoke College from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such dispute.
Translations. These Terms may be translated into languages other than English (collectively, "Translations"). Any communications sent by us to you shall be sent in English. Dispute resolution procedures arising out of either these Terms or the Translations shall be conducted in English, and the English version of these Terms shall control over the Translations.
Survival. The following provisions shall survive the termination of these Terms and shall apply indefinitely: Section 5 (Mount Holyoke Ownership; Reservation of Rights) Section 6 (Submitted Content) Section 9 (Disclaimer of Endorsements: Information Accuracy) Section 10 (Warranty Disclaimer) Section 11 (Limitation of Liability) Section 12 (Indemnity) Section 19 (General) Section 22 (Survival)
Contact Us. We welcome your feedback or suggestions. Please contact us at: webmaster@mtholyoke.edu.
Please refer to Section 13 (Contact for Alleged Copyright Infringement) above if you wish to contact our DMCA agent about matters related to possible copyright infringement.
Complete Agreement. To the extent the Digital Privacy Statement conflicts with the terms of these Terms of Use, the terms of the Digital Privacy Statement shall control. Please note that these Terms of Use only apply to your use of our Web site. Effective Date: Users of Mount Holyoke’s other Information Technology Resources may also wish to consult our LITS IT Policies Page.
A-Z
Copyright and Intellectual Property
Discrimination, Harassment, and Retaliation
Employment
Financial
General Administration
Governance/Legal
Information Technology
Operations and Safety
Research
Explore the MHC Social Universe >
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
YouTube
A Member of the