http://www.thevirtualchurch.com/w3c/policy.html
Privacy Policy
About Us
This is a privacy policy for The Virtual Church.
Our homepage on the Web is located at
http://www.thevirtualchurch.com.
The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at
http://www.thevirtualchurch.com/w3c/policy.html.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy.
You may contact us by form mail at the following address:
http://www.thevirtualchurch.com/contact.
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals:
Dispute Resolution:
We will work to resolve any issues with this privacy policy.
Data Collection
We collect Click-stream data, HTTP protocol elements and Search terms.
We collect this data for the purpose of site administration, completing the user's current activity and research and development.
This data will be given to ourselves and our agents and public forums.
We collect this information for the following reason:
Our Web server collects access logs containing this information. We use it for maintaining and improving the web site.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies only to help provide a better service to you as you move around and make use of our website. Continue to use the site as normal if you're happy with this, or use your browser options to manage cookies. Cookies are managed by your browser and you can access the cookie management area of your browser by exploring its tools/options where you will usually find it under its content or privacy settings area.
We don't use cookies to gather or store personal information about you, however cookies might be generated by the 3rd party services we use to track anonymous information about our website usage. However, if you'd prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from our site or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so explore the menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone's handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
If you are wondering what cookies are, they are simply tiny text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. Please note that cookies - since they are only tiny text files - can't harm your computer. Furthermore, we don't store personally identifiable information such as addresses or credit card details in cookies we create. For example, they help us to identify and resolve errors, or to determine relevant related products to show you when you're browsing.
We're giving you this information as part of our initiative to comply with recent legislation, and to make sure we're honest and clear about your privacy when using our website. We know you'd expect nothing less from us, and please be assured that we're working on a number of other privacy and cookie-related improvements to the website.