http://www.lisafiles.com/privacy-policy.html
The Lisa McPherson Files
Privacy Policy
Home ›
Privacy Policy - Summary
I do not collect personally-identifiable information about visitors to this site.
Like most web site, this site generates access logs, which I review for general information about what brings visitors to the site and what pages interest them most. However, the logs only store your IP address. In most cases, that's not traceable to an individual.
This site does use cookies to enable me to analyze visits even better - again, finding out what brings people here and what pages interest them most. The cookie collects anonymous traffic data.
You can avoid both of these tracking methods, if you wish; read on for details.
I do not release this information to anyone else for any purpose. I would only do so if required to by law.
Privacy Policy - Details
As described above, this site collects information through server logs and a cookie. Neither type of data tells me who you are.
Here's an example of a visit to one of my non-Scientology web sites, the Racer Records site. This is a line straight out of one of my web logs.
p1014-ipad92marunouchi.tokyo.ocn.ne.jp - - [01/Aug/2004:01:04:34 -0600] "GET /SampleContractComments.html HTTP/1.1" 200 31832 "http://www.google.co.jp/search?q=Contract%E3%80%80Paper%E3%80%80Sample&hl=ja&lr=&ie=UTF-8&start=40&sa=N" "Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows 98)"
The part that's most likely to reveal information to me about this visitor is the first part - the p1014-ipad92marunouchi.tokyo.ocn.ne.jp . That's the IP address of the computer that visited the site. For me, the site owner, it's nice information to have - for one thing, it tells me that the person was visiting from Japan (the .jp), which is kind of interesting to me - but it doesn't tell me the person's name or address or anything further than that. (Note that the big long thing in quotes, the google address, tells me that the visitor searched using the terms "Contract", "Paper", and "Sample".)
The cookie is used by Google Analytics. It collects anonymous traffic data. I never see the contents of the cookie.
Hiding Your IP from Server Logs
You can use Tor and Privoxy to browse the web anonymously.
An easier, low-tech solution is to use a computer at an internet cafe or public library.
Disabling Cookies
Most web browsers offer the option of disabiling cookies for a particular web site or all web sites. A web page from Ohio State University has information on disabling cookies for a variety of browsers.
Learn More About Protecting Your Privacy Online
The Gentoo Wiki offers nformation on using Tor and Privoxy.
You can learn much more about protecting your privacy online by reading the Security and Encryption FAQ by "Dr Who".
Search
Search this site:
Who Was Lisa McPherson?
A Brief Chronology
Learn Who's Who
Browse Documents by Type
Browse Documents by Year
Understanding the Evidence
Understanding Scientology
Recent Additions
Credits
Feedback and Contact Info
lisamcpherson.org
Site created by Kristi Wachter, creator of the Scientology Lies site
Blog
Re-reading the Craig Burton Interview
Inside Edition covers Lisa McPherson's story
For Lisa, On Her Birthday
Random Document
Knowledge Report
December 14, 1988
Pages:
2