https://www.sctimes.com/story/news/local/2020/01/15/lawmakers-preview-clean-energy-policies-st-cloud-climate-change-electric-vehicles-nuclear-power/4471112002/
LOCALExpect clean energy new policies from lawmakers. Here's a preview from St. CloudNora G. HertelSt. Cloud TimesST. CLOUD — Paula Tompkins showed up to a forum on climate change Tuesday at the St. Cloud Public Library, and she did it for her grandchildren, she said. "The world is changing," Tompkins said. "If we don't respond, the future is going to be hellish."About 50 people joined Tompkins for the forum held by state Rep. Dan Wolgamott, DFL-St. Cloud, with Rep. Jaime Long, DFL-Minneapolis, who is vice chair of the House Energy and Climate Committee. Wolgamott described climate change as the most pressing issue of our time, as did several in attendance."Climate change is the utmost important issue facing our state, facing our country," Wolgamott said. "No pun intended; it's a very hot-button issue."At the forum, two people openly disagreed with the premise that humans are causing changes to the climate, such as increasingly warmer winters in Minnesota. Peer-reviewed studies and climate scientists agree emissions of greenhouse gases, like carbon dioxide, from human fossil fuel use are ushering in climate change. Minnesota Democrats and Republicans plan to take up policies on carbon-free and renewable energy in the upcoming session. One policy Long expects to see in the House would make community solar projects more accessible to low-income communities. "That's an initiative we're pushing pretty hard right now," Long said.And he's hoping for a bipartisan bill to provide rebates for early adopters of electric vehicles. Last year the House passed Gov. Tim Walz's climate and energy proposal, which would make the state's electricity carbon free by 2050, Long said. And that's still viable this year if Senate Republicans would take it up. Senate Republicans do have a Clean Energy First plan to pitch in Rochester at a hearing Wednesday and next week in Minnetrista. There's some agreement and a lot of differences between the House and Senate versions, Long said Tuesday at the library.Many industries and individuals "want to move in a clean energy direction," Sen. Andrew Matthews, R-Princeton, told the St. Cloud Times Tuesday afternoon. "Let the marketplace be the driver, rather than just energy bans."RELATED: Becker area leaders seek $24.7 million for life-after-coal developments around ShercoThe Republican's draft Clean Energy Plan has many provisions, including support for communities losing generating plants. That could help Becker, a city faced with the closure of an Xcel Energy coal plant.The Republican plan also classifies the burning of municipal waste, called waste to energy, as a form of renewable energy. And it would lift a moratorium on new nuclear facilities and require utilities to prioritize carbon-free energy. RELATED: What's the future of carbon-free, nuclear power in Minnesota?Opinions on nuclear power varied widely at the forum Tuesday evening, as some see nuclear as an important, carbon-free energy source to back up renewables like solar and wind. Other people are concerned about the long-lasting radioactive waste. Xcel Energy plans to produce all carbon-free electricity by 2050, regardless of a state mandate, and its proposal under review requires extending the life of its Monticello nuclear plant and building a new natural gas plant in Becker. Story continues belowStearns County reports 5 of 82 COVID-19 deaths in Minnesota Wednesday
A Tuesday night of lights in St. Cloud and Sartell
Need tips to care for your Christmas tree? Here they are, straight from a tree farm owner
First shipment of COVID-19 vaccine expected in MN next weekA few people concerned about climate change raised concern with the construction of a new gas plant, which Long said got a special authorization added to state law that he would like repealed. One attendee asked Long how the electrical system could work with renewable energies alone, because the sun and the wind aren't always generating energy. The two sources complement each other, Long said, because the wind tends to pick up at night. Plus the electrical grid spans from Canada to Louisiana and can disperse energy when there's an influx. On electric carsLate last year Walz signed an executive order that encourages people to transition to electric vehicles and sets new emission standards for vehicles sold in Minnesota. It mirrors a policy in California tied up in a court case with the federal government. The outcome of that case will impact whether the Minnesota rule can take effect, Long said.Matthews disagrees with the governor's action and called it unconstitutional, because it circumvented the Legislature. "It should not be done through rule making," Matthews said.St. Cloud resident Bruce Anderson thinks the proposal is "great," as he's shopping for an electric car.They aren't sold in St. Cloud, Anderson said. And there isn't much charging infrastructure, which he called a chicken-and-egg problem. Which should come first, the charging stations to encourage electric vehicles or the electric vehicles that require charging stations?Anderson wants lawmakers to do more on climate change. "I sympathize with our legislators. It's the best they can do, but it's not enough," he said. "We don't have the will, in my mind, to do this."The session begins Feb. 11.Nora Hertel is the government watchdog reporter for the St. Cloud Times. Reach her at 320-255-8746 or nhertel@stcloudtimes.com. Follow her on Twitter @nghertel.Support local journalism. Subscribe to sctimes.com today.