https://www.gfwc.org/privacy-policy/
MAIN MENU
About
History and Mission
GFWC Leadership
State Federation and Club Websites
Governance
Support GFWC
Contact Us
Visit Us
What We Do
Annual Convention
Impact & Accomplishments
Community Service Programs
Success for Survivors Scholarship
Affiliate Organizations
Legislation/Public Policy
Women’s History and Resource Center
Important Dates
News & Publications
News & Notes
Blog
GFWC Clubwoman Magazine
Top Projects
Annual Program Statistics Report
WHRC News
Membership Matters
Membership
Join
Awards, Contests, and Grants
LEADS & ILTS
Recruitment Campaigns
Group Exemption Benefit
Membership Benefit Programs
Membership Discounts
Mediators Program
GFWC Resources
Marketplace
Privacy Policy
More from the
Privacy Policy
Section
HomePrivacy Policy
Browse
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY FOR GFWC.ORG
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for this website, which is owned by the General Federation of Women’s Clubs (“GFWC”). YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE SIGNIFIES YOUR ASSENT TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS ALSO SUBJECT TO OUR WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
GFWC respects your privacy. In collecting and using information about you, we adhere to the following principles:
We collect information about you only when you provide it voluntarily.
We use the collected information only for the purposes for which you provided it.
We may share the information that we collect with carefully selected third parties whose products and services may be of interest to you and agents who work with us to provide services to you, but otherwise do not sell or rent our email or mailing lists to third parties.
TYPES AND METHODS OF INFORMATION COLLECTION
GFWC may collect your personal information, such as your name, title, mailing address, telephone number, email address, password, URL, log-in name, credit card information, and other information in connection with your use of this site, which may include:
Membership registration
Mailing list subscription
Newsletter and email subscriptions
Event registration
Evaluations
Online purchases
Email inquiries, comments, postings, and requests
Site submission forms
Surveys
Awards, contests, and grant programs
Resumes submitted for staff positions at GFWC
Other GFWC services
Information Collected Through Emails: When you open an email sent by GFWC, we may receive a confirmation that you have opened the email if your email software supports such functionality. GFWC may also archive emails that we send to or receive from you.
Information Collected Automatically: Each time a visitor or user enters this website, the website hosting company’s server collects basic technical information, including the visitor’s domain name, e.g., aol.com; referral data, e.g., the last URL a user visited prior to entering the website; and browser and platform type, e.g., Netscape browser or a Macintosh platform. We also track and aggregate visitor activity in an analysis of general traffic flow. This information may be aggregated into group data, which then may be shared on an aggregated basis with third parties, but unless otherwise provided for in this policy, GFWC will not disclose individual identity or personal identifiable data without permission.
Information Collected Through Cookies: This website may use cookies to store your usernames and passwords. “Cookies” are small text files a website may use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the website, and allow the website to track the visitor’s behavior and compile aggregate data for content improvements. Most Internet browsers will let you disable cookies. If you do so, you may not be able to use the “remember password,” “remember personal information,” shopping cart, or other features on this site.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information about our website users collected through this site with:
Our Executive Committee, Board of Directors, and carefully selected affinity partners and service providers for purposes of improving the content and usability of our site and offering products or services that may be of interest to you. We have written agreements in place with affinity partners and service providers to protect your information.
Governmental authorities under subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes (such disclosure may be done without notice to you). We may also disclose your personal information to protect the safety, property, or rights of our visitors, GFWC or third parties, or to investigate violations of our website Terms and Conditions.
Except as provided herein, we will not share your contact information with other organizations for commercial or solicitation purposes except where notice is given. Note, however, that if you voluntarily post your email address or other personal information on this site, you may receive unsolicited communications from third parties. Your participation in these features and your provision of personally identifiable information to GFWC or posting of personally identifiable information to this site constitutes your agreement to such sharing. GFWC is not responsible for any use by third parties of personally identifiable user data that you voluntarily post on this site.
SECURITY
All sites that provide for the collection and transmission of credit card information use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to help protect credit card information when it is transmitted to the site.  We maintain our own email and mailing lists. GFWC employs password protection for all collected electronic data.  Users are warned, however, that the Internet and electronic databases may not be 100 percent secure.  Information that you provide may be subject to interception, and when you provide your information to us over the Internet, you do so at your own risk.
CORRECTION AND UPDATING OF YOUR INFORMATION
If you do not wish to receive mailings or emails from GFWC, you can opt out at any time.  GFWC allows you to log on to this site and review and/or correct your information in our databases. If you wish to review or have questions regarding your information, please contact GFWC at 202-347-3168 or GFWC@GFWC.org, or write to us at 1734 N ST NW, Washington, DC 20036-2990.
CHANGES
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which will be given by posting the revised Policy on this page, provided that the use of any information previously collected by GFWC through this site will continue to be governed by the policy in effect when the information was collected. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this policy periodically, and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued use of our site after any such modifications will constitute your (a) acknowledgment of any modified Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by any modified Policy.
Effective Date: March 1, 2015
BlogDecember 1Volunteers in Action: Madison Valley Women’s Club, Norwalk Woman’s Club, GFWC Walsenburg Woman’s Club, GFWC du Midi Woman’s Club, and The Haddon FortnightlyRead the BlogFeatured MemberCherie Lee WilliamsCherie Lee Williams is a vibrant leader who has found GFWC to be a wonderful outlet for her love of community service and her can-do attitude. As both the President of the Mesquite Club (Nevada) for 2016-2017, as well as a 2016 LEADS candidate, she quickly learned the value of making connections in order to bring positive change to the world.Full storySuccess For Survivors ScholarshipEach year, GFWC awards scholarships to help intimate partner abuse survivors obtain a post-secondary education that offers a chance to reshape their future by securing employment and gaining personal independence.Learn MoreFeatured ClubThe Rochester Junior Women's ClubThe Rochester Junior Women’s Club (Michigan) was established in 1956 with 16 members, and today has over 70 members that always come together to support one another. The club chooses three or four major charities to support and several smaller ones, donating approximately $30,000 each year. In total since its inception, the club has provided more than 1 million hours of community service, and raised more than $928,000 to support their community!Read more