https://www.soulworkings.com/about/office/intake-forms-policies.html
You are here: Home1 / About2 / Office3 / Intake Forms & Policies
Welcome, New Client!
To ensure that you receive the best service possible, please complete our online Intake Forms prior to your initial visit.
If you are unable to complete these forms, please let us know ahead of time, and arrive 10-15 minutes early for your appointment so you can complete them at our office. This ensures you receive your full table time as scheduled.
If you have questions in the meantime, please feel free to contact us at your convenience.
Intake Forms
Share and Enjoy !
Contact
Meet Your Therapist
Office
Intake Forms & Policies
FAQ
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Subscribe to PostsLeave This Blank:Leave This Blank Too:Do Not Change This:Your email:
Recent Posts
Live, Online: Akashic Records Advanced Practitioner Certification – January 2021
Live, Online: Akashic Records Practitioner Certification – January 2021
Win Your FREE Autographed Copy of “Healing Through the Akashic Records” by Dr. Linda Howe
A Chat with Dr. Linda Howe, Part 3: How has working in the Akashic Records helped Linda?
A Chat with Dr. Linda Howe, Part 2: What are some major myths about the Akashic Records?
Archives Archives
Select Month
November 2020  (1)
October 2020  (1)
April 2020  (5)
March 2020  (1)
September 2016  (1)
June 2016  (2)
May 2016  (1)
October 2015  (1)
September 2015  (1)
July 2015  (1)
November 2014  (1)
December 2013  (1)
September 2013  (1)
June 2013  (3)
January 2013  (3)
December 2011  (1)
October 2011  (1)
September 2011  (1)
May 2011  (1)
December 2010  (1)
November 2010  (1)
September 2010  (3)
July 2010  (1)
February 2010  (1)
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Akashic Records: Advanced  (1)
Akashic Records: Beginning  (1)
Articles  (13)
Classes  (2)
Giveaways  (1)
News  (20)
Picture Gallery  (1)
Specials  (7)
Uncategorized  (1)
Videos  (3)
Followon TwitterSubscribeto RSS Feed
Upcoming ClassesLive, Online: Akashic Records Advanced Practitioner Certification – January 2021November 21, 2020 - 11:24 amLive, Online: Akashic Records Practitioner Certification – January 2021October 23, 2020 - 11:17 pmSubscribe for Akashic Records NewsEmail Address * First Name * Last Name City State Certification Level Completed Certification Level CompletedNoneBeginning PractitionerAdvanced PractitionerHealing Practitioner
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Accept settingsHide notification only