https://www.immigrationlawyersnj.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Contact Us
The website of
Dornbaum & Peregoy is designed so that you can freely browse the site for information without revealing personal data. Any personal information sent to our Office via e-mail, is done so at the free will of the sender.
All information given to Dornbaum & Peregoy from its prospective clients, clients or agents of its clients is kept strictly confidential and on a need-to-know basis, which is protected under attorney/client privilege. You can be assured that your personal information is used only by our trained legal staff for the purpose of the work you have engaged our Office to do. Your information is never used for marketing or solicitation and is never sold or given to anyone for these purposes.
Dornbaum & Peregoy never supplies any other person or organization with your information except those government agencies involved in your immigration process (e.g. U.S. Department of Labor, INS, etc.).
NEW EXECUTIVE ORDER RESTRICTS CERTAIN WORKING VISAS THROUGH END OF YEAR
RESTRICTED ENTRY UNDER LATEST PROCLAMATION   Proclaiming to protect the US labor market, on Monday, June 22, 2020, President Trump signed a new executive order restricting entry into the United States of most H-1B (specialty occupation professional), H-2B (non-agricultural temporary worker), J (exchange visitor), and L (intracompany transferee) nonimmigrants and their accompanying family members. The
Upcoming Seminars and Conferences
We are receiving a large number of calls from those who are afraid of what the coming year may mean for their families, their businesses, their communities, and themselves. For more than three (3) decades, our attorneys have stood alongside our clients, helping them realize the American dream and overcome the obstacles created by our
CORPORATE COMPLIANCE: I-9, E-Verify
At Dornbaum & Peregoy, we provide our clients individualized Corporate Compliance solutions. In addition to timely updates on breaking legislation, we offer the following services in the area of Corporate Compliance: Customized I-9, E-Verify, and H-1B policy development, strategies, and manuals Engaging and accessible Human Resources training in all areas of immigration Proactive I-9 and
Employment Based Immigration
The top 10 job titles certified for permanent employment included Computer Software Engineers, Computer Systems Analysts, Restaurant Cooks, Electronics Engineers, Computer and Information System Analysts, Financial Analysts, Market Research Analysts, Electrical Engineers, Computer Programmers and Mechanical Engineers. The U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) recently released updated information that is important to those undergoing the labor
Family Based Immigration
Our office assists individuals in the processing of immediate relative petitions for spouses, children and parents. We also have a team of professionals to assist in fiancee visa processing and other family related matters and also prepare and accompany clients to naturalization hearings.
FIRM AWARDS
Three (3) of our senior attorneys, Neil Dornbaum, Kathleen Peregoy, and Abigail Walsh, have been named in “Best Lawyers In America”. Dornbaum & Peregoy is the only immigration firm in New Jersey to have three (3) attorneys so named. Receiving this honor secures our place as one of the premier U.S. boutique law firms, whose
EMERGING TRENDS FOR H-1B PETITIONS
H-1B in General: U.S. businesses utilize the H-1B program to employ foreign workers in specialty occupations that require theoretical or technical expertise in specialized fields, such as science, technology, engineering, or financial services. As part of the H-1B program, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Department of Labor (DOL) require U.S. employers to
Form I-9 Compliance and Enforcement
All U.S. Employers must complete Form I-9 for every employee. This unassuming form can be puzzling to complete, especially for foreign workers. Failure to correctly complete and reverify Form I-9 can result in steep monetary penalties upon audit by ICE. ICE has heightened enforcement efforts and increased audits by more than 100% in the past
What’s New
What’s New
Watch More VideosSend E-mailMillburn OfficeNewark Office
No aspect of this advertisement has been approved by the Supreme Court of New Jersey.