http://www.salemfields.com/content/privacy-policy
Home
AboutF.A.Q.
Our Beliefs
Staff
Leadership Board
Giving Info
Mobile App
What We DoNews
Care
Serve
Small Groups
Missions
Classes
Children & Families
SFCC Family Connect
Middle & High School
Worship
Events
Contact & Location
Watch & ListenOnline Campus
Messages
GIVE NOW
Our website and online services are owned and operated by Salem Fields Community Church. We know you care about how your information is used and shared. We hope the following statements will help you understand our policies and how we use the information you provide to us.
Salem Fields Community Church will collect, use and protect the information you provide to us on our site. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
What We Collect and How We Use It
SalemFields.com cookies. We do not use cookies for tracking purposes. When you visit SalemFields.com or use the Salem Fields Mobile App, we may send one or more cookies to your computer, so that we may uniquely identify your browser (a cookie is simply a tiny text file containing a string of characters). Accepting our cookies allows you to keep your user preferences from session to session. Although most browsers accept cookies by default, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to tell you when you're being sent a cookie. Some www.SalemFields.com features and services may not function properly if you have cookies disabled.
Log information. When you use Salem Fields Community Church services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends when you visit one of our websites. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Other sites. This Privacy Policy applies only to websites and services that are owned and operated by Salem Fields Community Church. Salem Fields Community Church cannot regulate other sites linked to from within our various websites and services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. You should familiarize yourself with their unique Privacy Policies, should you choose to visit their sites.
How Do We Use Your Information?
When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. You may decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case Salem Fields Community Church may not be able to provide those services to you.
Your email address is only used for current and future Salem Fields Community Church program communications you’ve opted-in to receive. We never sell, share, or spam.
How Do We Share Your Information?
Salem Fields Community Church does not share your personal information with other institutions outside of Salem Fields Community Church. However, Salem Fields Community Church may share your personal information if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms Of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Salem Fields Community Church, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Information Security
Salem Fields Community Church takes commercially reasonable steps to implement appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These steps may include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to personal information to Salem Fields Community Church employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution if they fail to meet these obligations. Salem Fields Community Church is not responsible, however, if unauthorized access to information occurs.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or organization in the United States (and conceivably the world) operating a website collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California residents to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/...
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our homepage or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By calling the SFCC Office at 540.786.6212
By logging in to your account
By emailing info@salemfields.com
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
Data Integrity
We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur we will notify you via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process donations and to send information and updates pertaining to donations.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our donors after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at info@salemfields.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the following information.
Salem Fields Community Church
11120 Gordon Road, Fredericksburg, VA 22407
540.786.6212info@salemfields.com.
LAST UPDATED: April 11, 2018
At Salem Fields Community Church,we exist to know Jesus andshare Real Hope withanyone, everywhere.
Service Times
Saturdays at 6:02 pmSundays at 9:00 am & 11:00 amServicio en español: Domingos 3pmDirections Watch Live
Latest Posts
Podcast
Welcome To The Neighborhood - Why Now?
by
SFCC
• Dec 06, 2020
Podcast
Welcome To The Neighborhood - A Branch Springs Up In The Hood
by
SFCC
• Nov 29, 2020
Podcast
Thanksgiving 2020
by
SFCC
• Nov 22, 2020
Search Salem Fields
Search form
Search
Tags
Road To Hope
Christmas
Advent
Devotional
review
bible
parenting
worship
Devotions
community
Get the SFCC Mobile App
Home
Giving
Privacy Policy
Contact
© 2005-2019 Salem Fields Community Church. All rights reserved.Promotional consideration provided by
admin login