https://www.livingchoice.com.au/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Policy
Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd‘s Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, and store your personal information, and when and to whom the information will be disclosed. Please take a moment to read our Policy; your privacy is important to us.
Purpose and use of information
We collect your personal information to provide you with a better, more personalised service, as well as for market research and direct marketing purposes. It also allows us to more quickly process your transactions, and offer information and products that interest you personally.
Any electronic promotional or direct marketing message you receive from Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd will come with an unsubscribe facility to opt out of receiving messages from us. To “unsubscribe” from receiving promotional or direct marketing messages by mail-out or fax-out, please contact us.
Information we collect
The information we collect will depend on the purpose for which it is required. It may include contact names, school and personal addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses. We also collect information on visitor activity on our website in order to determine how best to provide useful information to our visitors, and which parts of our website are of most interest to them. This information is not identifiable, and may include such information as your IP address and clickstream information, as well as browser type and operating system.
How we collect information
We may collect personal information from you over the telephone, in an email, with a form, and when you submit details through our website.  We also collect non-identifiable information on visitor activity on our website, which may be obtained using cookies or other technology.
How we protect information
We are committed to ensuring the security of your information, both physical and electronic. We offer a secure server for website transactions, and all sensitive information is encrypted.
Disclosure of information
We do not transfer personal information to any third party without specific authorisation from the visitor. Your information will not be traded, rented, or sold at any time. We may, however, be required by law or litigation to disclose personal information.
Access to information
You may request access to the personal information that Living Choice Australia Pty Ltd holds on you by contacting us.
We endeavor to keep all information accurate and up to date. Please let us know of any changes to your information.
Changes to the Policy
Please note that this Policy may change from time to time. All changes to the Policy will be posted on this page.
Privacy questions
If you have any queries about our Policy, please contact us.
Scroll To Top