http://www.granshaw.org/about/terms
Terms and conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing granshaw.org you agree to the following terms and conditions.
If you do not agree to be bound with our terms and conditions you must not use the website.
Our privacy policy forms part of the terms and conditions, so please read that too. These terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other document we refer to in these terms and conditions make up the whole agreement between us.
All information, content, text and images relating to Granshaw Presbyterian Church including but not limited to html code and website assets are the property of Granshaw Presbyterian Church, and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without our express, advance, written consent.
Registration
You have to register with us and be signed in to use some features on granshaw.org, such as managing your profile. Keep your sign in details private at all times, do not share them with anybody, and let us know if you think somebody else has access to them. You are responsible for keeping your personal information accurate and up to date, especially your email address. We don't have access to your current password, and for security reasons, we may only reset your password.
Personal data
Please read our privacy policy to find out how we protect your personal data.
Content created by users
On some parts of the website, you can publish things (including photographs and video), make comments or participate on forums. If you do, you must not:
publish something that you do not own the copyright in (or have permission to publish it from the copyright owner);
include anything we consider offensive, inappropriate or defamatory (this is at our discretion);
break the law, for example, by saying something that you could be sued for; or
share the personal information of living people without their permission. You're responsible for managing content you create.
How we use content created by users
You keep the copyright in any content that you create or publish on the website; however, by publishing it you give us permission to use it for letting others view it on granshaw.org, marketing, product improvement and other commercial purposes. If we use any of your personal information (for example your name) in connection with it, we will ask your permission first.
Content you create is available on the internet
We also make your content available to other users of granshaw.org which can also be seen by internet search engines. This is the way of the internet: if you don't want this to happen, do not publish the content.
Monitoring content created by users
We do not monitor content published by our users and take no responsibility for things that you publish, so think before you post! If you see something on the site that you think is offensive, illegal or which isn't in line with these terms and conditions, please let us know. We don't guarantee that we will always remove it, but we will certainly look into it. We reserve the right to remove content that you create, at our discretion.
Changes to the website
We reserve the right to make changes to the website, including the services we offer, without notice.
Offering a decent service
We always try to make sure the website is fast, accurate and performs well: however, we can't promise that it will always work as expected. If the website does break, we won't be liable for any losses you might suffer.
Accuracy of records and other information provided
We also don't make any promises about the accuracy or completeness of the information on the website. We just give you access to it. We are not responsible for any content on anyone else's website, even if we link to it.
Links on this site may lead to services or sites not operated by granshaw.org. granshaw.org takes no responsibility for such other sites or services and link to another site or service is not an endorsement of that site or service. Any use you make of the information provided on this site, or any site or service linked to by this site, is at your own risk.
Things beyond our control
Sometimes things happen that disrupt your service, which we have no reasonable control over. Examples are fires, floods, strikes and workmen putting shovels through our internet connection cable. Obviously, as we can't control or plan for these things, we can't be liable for any losses that they cause you.
Contact us
We hope that's clear. If it isn't or you have another question that isn't covered, please contact us.