https://www.ywcampls.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Website Privacy Policy
YWCA respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website. We recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they provide us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy outlines the information YWCA Minneapolis collects and how we will use that information.
Personally Identifiable InformationWhen you visit our website, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (such as name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily. Any personal information collected by YWCA Minneapolis will be used strictly for internal purposes. YWCA Minneapolis will not sell or provide this information to third parties.
Use of Personally Identifiable InformationYWCA Minneapolis may store and process your personally identifiable information in order to better understand your needs, to improve our products and services, and/or to contact you unless you request in writing that you do not wish to receive information other than membership statements. YWCA Minneapolis will not share or sell your personally identifiable information to any outside organization.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information Collected AutomaticallyIn some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of internet browser or computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site.
Children We do not knowingly collect personal data, nor solicit in any manner, to persons under 18 years of age. We ask if you are under 18 years of age or younger, please be sure to ask your parents for permission before providing any information to us.
SecurityYWCA Minneapolis is committed to keeping secure the data you provide us and will take reasonable precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration. Staff of the YWCA who have access to your personally identifiable information in connection with providing services for the YWCA are required to keep the information confidential and are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for the YWCA of Minneapolis.
Cookie Technology“Cookies” are bits of information that are captured and stored by your web browser on your computer’s hard drive. YWCA Minneapolis may use cookies to measure usage of the site and to improve your experience while at our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, so if you would like to prevent receipt of such data, you can usually do so by changing your web browser’s settings.
Donor Privacy Policy
This policy relates specifically to donors and applies to collection of information, including information collected on our website. By submitting your information to us, or any of our staff, you consent to the terms and conditions of the policy and to our processing personal information for the purposes stated below.
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number and email address. We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided us. Here are some examples of ways in which we may collect your information:
When you request information via one of the email addresses identified on our website or otherwise contact us in person, by phone or email, with a question. We may then collect your name, address and email in order to respond to that inquiry.
We may collect your name, email address and other contact information if you register for an event.
We may collect your name, email address, telephone number and payment information when you make a contribution, either on our website, over the phone or by mailing a check.
The above list provides a sample of personal information that may be collected by YWCA Minneapolis. From time to time, we may collect personal information from you in ways not described above.
Removal from our Mail/Email List
It is our desire not to send unwanted communications to our supporters. Our supporters may choose to ‘opt-out’ and remove themselves from our mail/email list at any time.  To ‘opt-out’, please contact us at:
YWCA Minneapolis – Advancement
1130 Nicollet Mall
Minneapolis, MN  55403
You can also reach us at: advancement@ywcampls.org
Use of Personal Information
We will not sell, trade or share your personal information collected on the website or through any other business activities with anyone else.
We will not send you mailings on behalf of other organizations.
We will only share your personal information if you give us specific permission to do so.
YWCA Minneapolis strives to be PCI compliant; we protect financial information received both on-line and off-line. We will collect payment information, billing address and other information necessary to process a donation or event registration. YWCA uses an accredited and secure online payment processing service. YWCA does not store, nor do we have access to, your credit card information, bank account numbers or other account data sent through our processing services. Credit card payment information mailed to us off-line is shredded after payments have been processed.
We will use your information to comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of others.
Limited donor information, such as name and timeframe in which a donation was made, may be used for promotional and fundraising activities. YWCA provides donors the option to have their name publicly associated with their donation or to remain anonymous (donors must specifically request to remain anonymous).
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request information, we do not otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties. Further, we will not sell or trade your personally identifiable information to any third parties.