http://www.ruhaniat.org/index.php/aboutsri/sri-privacy-policy
SUFI RUHANIAT INTERNATIONAL
Privacy and Refund Policyrevised May 6, 2019
Sufi Ruhaniat International (SRI) seeks to protect and preserve the privacy of all of its members. SRI collects personal information about its members for administrative purposes and to enable SRI to communicate with its members regarding relevant issues and activities. Collection of information can be both explicit (for example: volunteering personal information for the membership database) and implicit (for example: tracking of email sent from SRI or SRI web site usage).
SRI does not provide this information to other organizations or to non-administrative individuals within SRI, except as may be required by law or to act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of its members or the public.
Some tangible implications of this policy:
MAILING LIST - SRI will not sell its mailing lists or share them with any other groups or organizations
To help reinforce this principle, communication with SRI members will typically be from a well-recognized member of SRI or a communication address that is easily recognizable as representing SRI.
SRI will favor communication mechanisms and operational procedures that allow appropriate use of the information without proliferating copies of the information.
SRI may at times send messages to its membership on behalf of other groups. These messages may offer individuals the opportunity to affiliate with these other groups directly and receive future communication from them directly. These messages, where possible, should be explicit about the SRI relationship (e.g. “On behalf of SRI…”). This is to avoid creating the misrepresentation that the list has been disclosed.
ONLINE PAYMENTS - Recurring donations and event payment policy.
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.
Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.
REFUNDS - A full refund for event registration may be given with more than 60 days notice or as stated on specific event website or flyer. This policy is related to SRI sponsored events only, (when payments have been made to Sufi Ruhaniat International).
MEMBERSHIP PRIVACY - The fact that an individual is a member or initiate of SRI will not be disclosed publicly unless that individual so chooses (typically in relation to an individual taking on a role that is intrinsically public).
EVENT ATTENDEE PRIVACY - Individuals at SRI events that do not wish to be part of published photos, videos, or recordings may ask the event coordinators to be excluded whereupon good faith efforts to that effect will be made. Regardless, individuals may ask SRI administrators to remove from any SRI publications or websites, any photo, video, or recording that identifies them personally.
We ask that participants who attend SRI sponsored events or retreats respect attendee privacy by not using personal contact details provided by SRI for the purposes of advertising other events, products, or services.
We ask that participants who attend SRI events (i.e. Jamiat Aam or Khas, Youth Jam) not post or disseminate photos or videos of other participants without their permission.
Any individual that works with private information on behalf of SRI or with SRI approval, is acting in an administrative role and thus, will be informed of, and bound by, this privacy policy.