http://www.thebiblesource.com/policies.php
Search
empty
|
Shopping Cart
(925) 300-9525
Menu
Toggle navigation
Home (current)
Products
Download Audio Bibles
About Us
Policies
Blog
Contact Us
PRODUCTS
Product Categories
Audio Bible Download
SPECIAL DEALS
Audio Bibles
Audio Bible on CD
Audio Bible on Cassette
Audio Bible on MP3
Audio Books
Bibles
Bible Study Guides
Bilingual
Bride's & Wedding Bible
Catholic Bibles
First Communion
Chronological Bibles
Compact & Pocket Bibles
Devotional Bibles
Family Bibles
Foreign Bibles
Gift & Award Bibles
Graduation Bibles
Interlinear
Hebrew Bibles
Large Print Bibles
Life Application Bibles
Military Bibles
One Year Bibles
Parallel Bibles
Personalized Bibles
Pew Bibles
Reference Bibles
Student Bibles
Study Bibles
Teens Bibles
Text Bibles
Thinline/Slimline
Topical Bibles
Bible on DVD
Bible Covers & Carriers
Bible Games
Bible Software
Books
Cancer Support Products
Children
Children's Bibles
Gifts For Children
Homeschooling
Veggie Tales
Church & Pastoral
Church Bibles
Pastoral Interest
Pulpit/Lectern Bibles
Electronic Bibles
Gifts & Home
Jewelry
Graduation
Various Gifts
Gifts Personalized
Music CD's
Spanish Bibles
Videos & Movies
DVD Videos
VHS Videos
Policies
ORDERING METHODS
ON-LINE:
You may order on-line directly from our web site.
BY MAIL:
If you would like to place an order by mail, then locate the ISBN number for the product you are interested in and
use our printable Adobe Acrobat order form. Add $8.95 for shipping
and handling on UPS Ground. $21.95 for UPS 2nd Day.
BY TELEPHONE:
You may place an order by telephone at (925) 300-9525 Monday through Friday. We accept Master Card, VISA, Discover
and American Express.
PAYMENT:
We do accept all major credit cards including VISA, Master Card, Discover and American Express. Mail orders can be
paid with a bank check or Money Order or by personal check. Personal checks may be held for up to 10 days until we
determined that the check has cleared or bank.
SHIPPING POLICY
Shipment Processing Time
All orders are processed within 2-3 business days. Orders are not shipped or delivered on weekends or holidays. If we are experiencing a high volume of orders, shipments may be delayed by a few days. Please allow additional days in transit for delivery. If there will be a significant delay in shipment of your order, we will contact you via email or telephone.
Shipping rates & delivery estimates
Shipping cost will be calculated during checkout process based on the total weight of the products and the zip code it is being shipped to and will be calculated and displayed at checkout. Most orders ship within a 24 hour period and some delivery delays can occasionally occur.
TWO-DAY (SECOND DAY) SHIPPING
If you select Two-Day Shipping for an order you place with The Bible Source, you will not necessarily receive your
order in two days. We will estimate shipping and delivery dates for your order taking both shipping time and item
availability into consideration.
There is no weekend pickup or delivery for Two-Day Shipping. If you order an item with Two-Day Shipping the item
will usually ship within 24 hours and arrive two days from then. So it is possible that an order ready to ship at
the end of the day Friday via One-Day shipping, may not be processed by the carrier until Monday. In such a case,
the order would be delivered on Wednesday.
YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS
If you sign up on our mailing list, you may occasionally receive e-mails with special offers or notices about our
site that might interest you. We hope you enjoy receiving these e-mails. We never rent or sell your name and e-mail
address to other on-line marketers of products or services without your consent. However, if you would prefer not to
receive any e-mail of this nature from us, there will be an "Unsubscribe" on the bottom of the e-mail newsletter.
SECURE TRANSACTIONS - CREDIT CARD SAFETY
The Bible Source uses the latest encryption technology to keep your credit card information safe. When making a
purchase at The Bible Source, you will shop in a secure mode using Verisign's SSL encryption -- the Internet
standard for secure transactions. At The Bible Source, we offer a secure server with top encryption for the safety
and convenience of our customers. Using the secure server, you can rest assured that your ordering information,
including credit card number and expiration date, will remain encrypted, and therefore out of the hands of hackers
and thieves.
RETURNS POLICY
Because we feel that we offer the highest quality products at the best prices, and we inspect and pack all of our
orders with care, we think you'll be extremely satisfied with your purchases. However, there are times when items
are damaged, defective, or incorrectly shipped. If this is the case for you, we'll gladly replace them and reimburse
you for the return postage. If a product is returned for any other reason the initial shiping charge will not be
refunded. The buyer is responsible for all return shipping charges. Items returned in unsellable condition will not
be accepted. In some cases we will charge a 20% restocking fee.
If you have need to return goods to us for whatever reason please email
returns@thebiblesource.com outlining the reason for return.
An RA (returns authorization) number will then be issued. Please note that returned goods not bearing an RMA number
on the outside of the packaging will be charged a 20% restocking fee and may be subject to processing delays.
We cannot accept returns of certain items, including:
Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery.
Any CD, DVD, VHS tape, software, video game, cassette tape, that has been opened (taken out of its plastic wrap).
If you refuse the order, you will be charged for all shipping, delivery & storage incurred.  If it is an
item that can be returned to stock a 20% restocking fee will be charged, if item is damaged or un-returnable no
credit will be given.
A 20% restocking fee will be charged for returns that do not have an authorized RMA return number.
Custom Orders receive no refund under any circumstances.
Once an RMA return number is given the products then can be sent to The Bible Source, 2010 Crow Canyon Place, Suite
100, San Ramon, Ca 94583. Please allow 1-3 weeks for the return to be received and processed. If you are expecting a
return shipment, please allow 2-4 weeks for the new package to arrive. If you need further assistance with a return,
feel free to e-mail our Customer Service Department at returns@thebiblesource.com
or call us toll free at 888-743-5593 during regular business hours.
CHILDREN'S GUIDELINES
At The Bible Source, the safety of children is very important to us. We are committed to protecting the online
privacy of children. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information about children under the
age of 13 without prior parental consent. If you are under 13 and would like to purchase items from The Bible Source
or provide personal information about yourself and your family, please ask a parent or guardian for assistance.
The Bible Source cannot prohibit minors from visiting this site. The Bible Source must rely on parents, guardians
and those responsible for supervising children under the age of 13 to decide which materials are appropriate for
such children to view and/or purchase. Each time you purchase a product at The Bible Source or provide information
about yourself or your family, you are representing to The Bible Source that you are 13 years or older.
PRIVACY POLICIES
The Bible Source respects privacy of Internet Users and does not collect personally identifying information without
the Internet User's permission.
You may contact us regarding this Privacy Policy by e-mail at orders@thebiblesource.com,
or by mail at our address:
The Bible Source
2010 Crow Canyon Place, Suite 100
San Ramon, CA 94583
Some terms used in this Policy are:
"Cookies" - which are small pieces of information that are stored by an Internet User's browser on the Internet
User's hard drive.
Collection of Data
The Bible Source does not collect Internet User identity or contact information from Internet Users' visits to The
Bible Source.
An Internet User's browser sets Cookies (when enabled) that contain small amounts of data on the Internet User's
computer after a visit to any web site. Cookies assist The Bible Source in tracking Internet Users' activities for
purposes of our shopping cart. If the Internet User re-visits the Advertiser's site directly, The Bible Source is
able to continue to track the shopping carts content for you.
No information is obtained from the Internet User or Internet User's computer to generate the unique
identifying number of the Internet User.
The Bible Source does receive and record partial e-mail addresses of Internet Users, only in circumstances where the
Internet User has voluntarily provided its identity and contact information through our Newsletter sign up or
customer requiring an account with The Bible Source.
Disabled and Non-functioning Cookies
The Bible Source does not employ any technology or means of preventing an Internet User from disabling the
acceptance of a Cookie. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but an Internet User's browser may be set by
the Internet User to disable this function. Some Web browsers or similar Internet navigating technology may not
support (or consistently support) Cookie technology.
Use and Disclosure of Data
The Bible Source does not sell or rent personally identifying information. The Bible Source does not disclose
personally identifying information to anyone that The Bible Source is not authorized to do so. Personal information
collected may be transferred and shared in the event of a sale.
Security Measures
The Bible Source employs industry standard security measures to ensure the security of all data. Access to The Bible
Source customer data is accessible via password protection through the customers Accounts created by customer, and
to designated The Bible Source employees who require system level access in order to perform their jobs. Access to
Internet User data that identifies the Internet User's name and/or e-mail addresses is limited to designated The
Bible Source employees who require such access in order to perform their jobs.
Spam
The Bible Source does not intentionally send unsolicited e-mail messages that could legitimately be construed as
spam.
Policy Changes
The Bible Source may find it necessary or be legally obligated to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any
changes will be posted at this site. Except as otherwise required by law, modifications to this Privacy Policy will
not affect the privacy of data collected by The Bible Source prior to the effective date of the policy change. The
Bible Source reserves the right to change prices, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time at our
discretion. You may check these terms and the website periodically for changes. Your continued use of The Bible
Source subsequent to the revisions of these terms means you accept those change.
About Us
|
Return Policy
|
Testimonials
|
Contact Us
Online Payments
Customer Service: (925) 300-9525
© 2020 The Bible Source | CP Communications LLC.