https://www.brethren.org/privacypolicy
About
About us
Beliefs
Ministries
Find a Church
Compelling Vision
Jobs
Structure/Leadership
Mission and Ministry Board
History
Events
Webinars
Annual Conference
Christian Citizenship Seminar
Leadership Summit on Wellbeing
NOAC
Calendar
Service
Brethren Disaster Ministries
Brethren Volunteer Service
Children’s Disaster Services
Death Row Support Project
Global Food Initiative
Global Mission
Material Resources/Brethren Service Center
FaithX (workcamps)
Connect
Contact us
Find a Church
District offices
Email signup
Social media
Resources
COVID-19 resources
News
Publications
Brethren Press
Ministerial forms
Annual Conference statements
Lectionary
Worship Resources
Videos
Logos
Fellowship of Brethren Homes
Support
Give now
Amazon Smile
Core Ministries
Why we give
Your gifts do great things
eBrethren
Gift planning
Faith Forward Donor Circle
Special offerings
Give
Search
Submit search
Home
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our web site, www.brethren.org. This page also explains Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act information.
The Church of the Brethren reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this privacy policy simply by posting such changes on our site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this privacy policy notifies you of:
what personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the site;
who collects such information;
how such information is used;
with whom your information may be shared;
what choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; and
how you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the by sending an email to cobweb@brethren.org. Please reference this privacy policy in the subject line.
What information we collect and how we use that information
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”
Our site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our site. Cookies are pieces of information that some web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords and your personal preferences.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.
Security
All information provided to the Church of the Brethren is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of the Church of the Brethren. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Other web sites
Our site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another web site for which the Church of the Brethren has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection information
What information does the Church of the Brethren collect from children under 18?
When we offer online registration for an event, we request the registrant’s name, address, telephone number, email address, age, church, and advisor. Sometimes we ask for additional information such as t-shirt size for the purpose of providing a t-shirt. We do not collect additional personal information via cookies or hidden means. Our website analytics collects information about users’ computer hardware and software, access times, referring website addresses, and other information. None of this information can be linked to anyone personally. It helps us understand our users in general, allowing us to better serve them.
How do we use this information?
The Church of the Brethren uses registration information to send email and postal mail related to the specific programs for which the person has registered and to carry out those programs. The general public never has access to any of this information. Church of the Brethren staff and volunteers working with specific programs see the information in the form of spreadsheets and mailing lists. For instance, Annual Conference age-group leaders and workcamp directors receive lists of registered participants. They may choose to send advance email messages to participants with the goal of helping participants prepare and giving participants the best experience possible. Workcamp participants frequently receive printed lists of the other participants, with age, contact information, and home town. These lists are provided to help participants with planning and arranging transportation.
The Church of the Brethren never gives children’s information to third parties or organizations outside of the Church of the Brethren.
After the program, participant information remains in the Church of the Brethren’s electronic database. Occasionally the Church of the Brethren might send an email message thought to be of interest; for instance, we might send a message about an upcoming National Youth Conference to everyone who is the right age to attend. Every email message includes an “unsubscribe” link, normally at the bottom.
What rights do parents/guardians have?
Parents can ask to review the information held about a child by sending an email to cobweb@brethren.org. They may also request that a child’s information be deleted after the conclusion of the event for which the child registered. This would mean that the child would not receive any follow-up information related to the event. Parents may make this request by contacting cobweb@brethren.org or using the “Contact us” link on this website. The subject line should say “Please delete my child’s information.” The message must contain the child’s complete name, postal address, and email address so that the Church of the Brethren can be sure to delete the right information. The message should also include the parent’s complete name, address, and email address. Normally deletion will happen within one week of the request; a delay could occur at times of low staffing. The Church of the Brethren will provide a confirmation message to the parent once the child’s information has been deleted. Deleted information cannot be recovered.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact: Jan Fischer Bachman, Web producer1451 Dundee Ave.Elgin, IL 60120800-323-8039cobweb@brethren.org