http://www.ipo.gov.uk/help/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Tell us whether you accept cookies
We use cookies to collect information about how you use GOV.UK. We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve government services.
Accept all cookies
Set cookie preferences
You’ve accepted all cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time.
Hide
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Guidance and support
Brexit transition
Take action now for new rules in 2021
Home
Crime, justice and law
Data protection
Guidance
Intellectual Property Office: privacy notices
Privacy notices regarding personal data processed by the IPO for the administration of IP rights, or data processed under a contract or consent.
Published 16 May 2018
Last updated 1 July 2020
— see all updates
From:
Intellectual Property Office
Documents
Privacy Notice for IPO social media
HTML
Privacy notice Freedom of Information requests and Subject Access requests
HTML
Privacy notice for personal data processed for the administration of IP Rights
HTML
Privacy notice for personal data processed under a contract or your consent
HTML
Privacy notice for personal data processed for consultations
HTML
Privacy notice for visitors to IPO Concept House
HTML
Privacy notice for employees of an organisation which is a tenant of the IPO
HTML
Personal information charter
https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/intellectual-property-office/about/personal-information-charter
Details
These privacy notices will help you to understand
what personal data the IPO collects about you
how the IPO uses this personal data
what rights you have regarding the personal data we hold about you
If you have any questions, or would like to enforce any of your rights, please contact the Data Protection Officer:
Data Protection Officer
Business Energy & Industrial Strategy (BEIS)
1 Victoria Street
London
SW1H 0ET
Phone number 020 7215 5000
Email: dataprotectionofficer@beis.gov.uk
Published 16 May 2018
Last updated 1 July 2020
+ show all updates
1 July 2020
Privacy Notice for IPO social media updated.
5 March 2020
Updates to all privacy notices and new privacy notices 'IPO social media' and 'Freedom of Information requests and Subject Access Requests' added.
20 November 2018
Privacy notice for employees of an organisation which is a tenant of the IPO added.
5 September 2018
Privacy notice added for consultations and engagement.
25 May 2018
GDPR compliance statement added.
16 May 2018
First published.
Brexit transition
21 days to go
Check you’re ready for 2021
Explore the topic
Data protection
Intellectual property
Is this page useful?
Maybe
Yes this page is useful
No this page is not useful
Thank you for your feedback
There is something wrong with this page
Close
Help us improve GOV.UK
Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.
What were you doing?
What went wrong?
Send
Close
Help us improve GOV.UK
To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone.
Email address
Send me the survey