http://www.bethelpres.com/privacy
Beliefs
Sermons
Serve
Groups
Info
PrivacyWho we areBethel Orthodox Presbyterian is a local church in Leesburg, Virginia, USA. We are here to share the good news of Jesus Christ, to give you the opportunity to worship and serve Him, and to invite you to become part of a loving, local community that glorifies God in all areas of life.The fine print on privacyHere’s the fine print required by some nations reached by our website, Bethelpres.comWe collect identifying personal information online only when you provide it when registering for an event such as vacation Bible school. That information is used by event planners and the church’s administration; it is not intentionally shared outside the church for any reason.No credit information is gathered or stored. We are not here to sell anything. In the rare situation where we must have cost-sharing for an event, the funds are collected via PalPal. You may visit their site to find information regarding information and security.Some ministries within the church use outside signup apps or services. If you are uncomfortable using these, please email us  and we will put you directly in contact with the ministry leader in charge of the event.If you do use one of these services, you would be wise to review their privacy settings carefully and to use any preference settings available such as opting out of future emails.Our web service provider, Squarespace, uses cookies to tell us how well the website is working. Their data provides general, non-identifying information about who is visiting so we may serve you better. For more information about their policy, please see Squarespace Privacy.Services we use may monitor our website to protect their intellectual property. For example, you might note Typekit which provides our web-based fonts via subscription.Additional steps for your safetyBethelpres.com has  installed two factor authentication to restrict access to areas of the website that could embed or code information. Every effort is made to ensure thatcomputers which access this information have installed the latest software updates and security software.If you have additional questions or concerns, please contact us.