http://www.kentmanor.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Book Now
Adults
12345Child
012345
SEARCH
Book Now
Privacy Policy
Historic Kent Manor Inn respects the privacy of all our guests, and we are committed to protecting it. To best serve you throughout this website, you will be asked to provide a variety of information, such as name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, etc. This information will allow us to provide a personalized experience for each visitor to our website.
This website does not collect, save or store any personal information from visitors that simply browse this website, unless you voluntarily and intentionally provide it to us. We do not collect personal information without your knowledge or consent. Any personal information that is requested on our website is necessary in order to perform a particular service, such as processing your reservation.
We request personal information from you in order to process online reservations. You must provide contact information (such as name, mailing address, telephone number and email address) as well as financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date, etc.) in order for us to process your reservation. This information is used for billing purposes and to reserve a room. If there is a problem with a reservation, the information provided will also allow us to contact you.
Historic Kent Manor Inn may inform you by email of our available services, products, specials and sweepstakes. You may opt in or out of receiving these materials at any time.
Agents or contractors of Historic Kent Manor Inn and affiliates who have access to your personal information are required to keep the information confidential and not to use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Historic Kent Manor Inn. Historic Kent Manor Inn and affiliates will not sell or distribute any of your personal information to any outside organization for marketing or solicitation without your permission.
Historic Kent Manor Inn is committed to the security of the data collected on this Web site, and treat all information you provide us as confidential. We use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology to secure the privacy of credit card information, name, address, email and other information you provide us. To better serve you when you are using this site, we also use "cookies" to help us recognize your preferences and selections.
A cookie is an electronic piece of data stored on the user's computer stored by your browser and operating system that are tied to information about the user. Cookies can store a user's ID and password, personalize home pages, or identify which parts of a site have recently been visited. We issue and use cookies to enhance your visit and the services we offer on our website, as well as to keep track of the areas on our website that interest our visitors, and in doing so, we can make improvements and updates to those areas that are most popular. You can choose whether to allow your browser to accept or deny cookies; choosing to deny cookies will still allow you to continue browsing the sites. Also, the choice to accept or deny a cookie is different from your choice to accept/deny email messages.
Please be aware that third-party Web sites available through links on our web site each have separate privacy and data collection practices. We have no control, responsibility or liability for these third-party policies or actions. Historic Kent Manor Inn cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you disclose online to third party sites.
This website is subject to United States law. Historic Kent Manor Inn will disclose personally identifiable information without your permission when required by law or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to guests, visitors, associates, or others, or to property (including this site).
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, you may have additional privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act and other California privacy laws. Learn more about these privacy rights by visiting our California Privacy Notice.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing, you consent to our use of cookies. Click here to learn about our policies.
Accept & Close
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset
Accessibility Statement