http://www.niassembly.gov.uk/visit-and-learning/events-and-tours-privacy-notice/
In light of the public health situation, Parliament Buildings is closed to the public.
No public tours, events or visitor activities will take place, until further notice.
Assembly business continues, check the business diary for information on Plenary and Committee meetings.
VISIT AND LEARNING
Accessing Parliament Buildings
Visit
Assembly Education Service
Event and Functions
Connecting With Community
Connecting Internationally
Autism and the Assembly
Stormont Estate
Members Dining Room
Events and Tours Privacy Notice
Assembly Glossary
Youth Assembly 2020
Privacy Notice - Events & Tours in Parliament Buildings
This Privacy Notice sets out how the Northern Ireland Assembly Commission (NIAC) uses and protects the information we collect from you, or that you provide to the Events Team in relation to sponsored events; corporate events and weddings; and sponsored tours of Parliament Buildings.
Please read this Notice to understand our policies, practices and procedures regarding personal data and how we will treat it.
Data Controller Name: Northern Ireland Assembly CommissionAddress: Parliament Buildings, Ballymiscaw, Stormont Estate, Belfast, BT4 3XX  Telephone: (028) 90521137Email: raise@niassembly.gov.uk
Business Contact: Ashley McllwrathEmail: ashley.mcilwrath@niassembly.gov.ukTelephone: (028) 90520381
Why are you processing my personal information?
We require certain information to manage and administer sponsored events; corporate events and weddings; and sponsored tours of Parliament Buildings
As an event/tour/organiser, wedding planner or an individual we will process the information you provide as follows:
Name of attendees/organiser: This will be used for registration lists and security access
Contact Details: This will be used for management and administration of the event
Company/Organisation: This will be used for administration and security access
Special Requirements: Information will be used to make appropriate adjustments to the event for individuals as required
Car Registration: Provided to our security team to allow for car park access
Images: Please be aware as Parliament Buildings is a public building on occasion there may be photography, filming or recording in the Great Hall or other public spaces, such as the precincts of the building. Signage at the entrances to Parliament Buildings will notify visitors that this is the case.
Guests at events/tours may take photographs or record footage of the event.  We are not responsible for the use that any other person makes, or may make, of any such images.
What is the lawful basis for processing your personal information?
Article 6 (page 36) of the General Data Protection Regulations sets out the legal basis for the legitimate processing of personal data.  For the events team, the legal basis is as follows:
‘(a) the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes;’
At any moment in time you have the right to opt out of the agreement.  You can do this by simply emailing us at: events@niassembly.gov.uk and your details will be deleted.  This may impact the level of services we can provide you.
Where do you get my personal information from?
Information may be collected from you directly: by completing our event planning form on survey monkey; via the event/tour sponsor or organiser.
Please Note: Event/Tour sponsors or organisers must make all attendees aware of the NIAC Privacy Policy before obtaining and providing their personal data to the NIAC
Do you share my personal data with anyone else?
Your personal data is shared internally only for administrative, management and security purposes
Do you transfer my data to other countries?
No, your information will not be shared externally.
How long do you keep my personal data?
We securely retain your information for up to 2 years, in line with our retention policy.
What rights do I have?
You have the right to obtain confirmation that your data is being processed, and access to your personal data
You are entitled to have personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete
You have a right to have personal data erased and to prevent processing, in specific circumstances
You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress processing of personal data, in specific circumstances
You have the right to data portability, in specific circumstances
You have the right to object to the processing, in specific circumstances
You have rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
How do I complain if I am not happy?
If you are unhappy with how any aspect of this privacy notice, or how your personal information is being processed, please contact the NI Assembly Information Standards Officer at:
Email: dpo@niassembly.gov.ukTel: (028) 90521147
If you are still not happy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO):
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshireSK9 5AFTel: 0303 123 1113Email: casework@ico.org.ukhttps://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Find MLAs
Locate MLAs
Search
News and Media Centre
Read press releases, watch live and archived video
Find out more
Follow the Assembly
Keep up-to-date with the Assembly
Find out more