http://www.productioncounsel.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About
Fees
Production Legal Services
Contract Review – Copyright – Trademark
Business Formation & Maintenance
In-Person Consultation
Quick Consult
Concierge Legal Retainer
Contact
Client Testimonials
Production Counsel Blawg
The Law Office of Keith E. Cooper, Esq. (“us” or “we”) respects the privacy rights of its clients, visitors, and other users of the ProductionCounsel.com website (the “Site”). We created this Site Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy. By visiting this Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy. Because any changes will be posted on this page, we encourage you to check this page regularly. Your continued use of the Site following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes. This privacy policy was last revised on April 5, 2016.
Your IP Address
Each time you visit the Site, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address and the Web page from which you came. Your IP address is used to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer the Site, and to better serve you while visiting the Site. IP addresses are stored in log files that are not associated with other personally-identifying information.
Cookies
At this time, the Site does not require cookies in order for you to access the Site, but if you enter information into any of the forms to contact us, a cookie may be deposited on your computer system. In addition, the Site contains links to external sites that may use cookies. Please review information on each of the external sites you visit for their respective privacy policies.
Information We Collect From You
While on the Site we may collect personal information from you, but only information you specifically give us. If you use one of our Contact forms, information about how you accessed us, including your IP address and referring page, may be collected and stored with your submission. The servers for the Site also collect information about your operating system, browser type, and IP address, and store that information in log files. Such information is not associated with a name or other personally-identifiable information.
How We Use Personal Information
We will use your personal information to provide you with information that you may request, and to contact you when necessary in connection with your use of the Site. We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our marketing efforts. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources. We may use third parties to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
Unless you tell us not to, we may also use your personal information to contact you about special offers or updates we think you would be interested in from us, Keith E. Cooper, Esq., and related entities that market products associated with us or Mr. Cooper. If you do not want to receive such information, you may opt out at any time by using the contact information on the material you receive or by sending a message via the form on our Contact page.
From time to time we may enter into special relationships with other companies not owned by Keith E. Cooper or the Site to provide additional features on the Site. These special relationships may include business partners, sponsors, and co-branded sites. Any personal information that you provide on one of these co-branded pages may be shared with these third party partners. Since these third party partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy practices, you should check their Web sites for information regarding their privacy policies.
Your personal information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets of the Site, or if we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law or to protect the interests or safety of the Site or other visitors to the Site.
Other Sites
The Site may contain links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites or for the privacy policies and practices of other third parties.
Our Security Precautions
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use industry standard technology to protect the security of your information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we are committed to protecting your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Accessing Your Information
The Site does not gives you a direct means of modifying or removing personal information that you have provided to us. However, we will make any modifications you request if you let us know by sending a message via the form on our Contact page.
Changing or deleting your information or otherwise opting-out of receipt of communications from the Site or third parties will change or delete the data only in our database for managing future communications from the Site and third parties. These changes and deletions will not change or delete information already collected as part of a particular database that may have already been shared with third parties as provided above in this Privacy Policy. You will need to contact third parties who may contact you directly to change your preferences or your personal information that they may be using to contact you.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Compliance
In keeping with the 1998 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, as amended, the Site is a general audience website only, directed toward persons seeking professional services from an attorney. The Site does not knowingly collect, nor will ever knowingly retain, personally identifiable information from visitors who are under 13 years of age. By accessing the Site and reviewing information you find here, you are confirming that you are at least 18 years old.
For More Information about our Policies
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site or its proprietors, you may contact us by sending a message via the form on our Contact page.