http://www.stpeteymca.org/main/donor-privacy-policy/
Home
Donor Privacy Policy
The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. All contributions are tax deductible, as allowable by law. Donors should always defer to their tax professional for specifics regarding tax deductibility of cash and in-kind gifts, as auction purchases, event tickets, etc. may not be 100% deductible. For a copy of our most recent annual report, please phone (727) 895-9622, email via www.stpeteymca.org or write to YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg, 600 1st Ave. N., Suite 201, St. Petersburg, Fl 33701.
Policy
We value our donors and we take their privacy seriously. The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg respects the privacy of the personal and organizational information that we are privileged to acquire. Our commitment to privacy includes how we obtain, use, protect, and share information. This privacy policy is in conjunction with the Donor Bill of Rights, below.
Obtaining Information:
Cultivating additional individuals to join in the support of the YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg is critical to the long-term success of the organization. The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg collects and uses personal information such as name, address, phone number, and email address when an individual/organization voluntarily provides it to us. We will not sell, trade or share a donor's personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations without specific permission from the donor. Contributing individuals and organizations are traditionally listed by name in publications such as our annual reports, but we honor requests from those who wish to be listed as Anonymous.
The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg keeps a record of each donor's giving history. This information is kept on file for IRS purposes and is also used by the Development Department to analyze overall giving patterns for future budget projections.
To review or correct your personal contact information or to make changes to your recorded preferences (i.e. receipt of mailings and acknowledgements), please contact YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg by phone at (727) 895-9622, by email via www.stpeteymca.org, or by postal mail to: Development Dept., 600 1st Ave, N., Suite 201, St. Petersburg, FL 33701.
Donor Bill of Rights:
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is essential to community quality of life. To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, the YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg declares that all donors have these rights, modeled after the Association of Fundraising Professionals' Donor Bill of Rights:
I. To be informed of the organization's mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for intended purposes.
II. To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization's Board of Directors and to expect the Board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
III. To have access to, upon request, the organization's three most recent audited financial statements and IRS Statements 990, the organization's nonprofit IRS 501(c)(3) determination letter, and any other documents as set forth in the IRS's guidelines (IRC 6104) regarding contents of nonprofit organizations' public inspection files.
IV. To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
V. To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition. The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg's policy is that all cash and in-kind gifts with values over $5 are acknowledged in writing, with a letter usable for tax purposes.
VI. To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
VII. To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
VIII. To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization, or hired solicitors.
IX. To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
X. To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful, and forthright answers.
These policies are subject to change, with or without notice, by a vote of YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg's Board of Directors.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines information collected by The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg from visitors to its website, how that information is used, and what privacy choices are available. By using the YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg's website, visitors agree to acceptance of this Website Privacy Policy. Please read the following carefully.
Information Collection and Use
Information Collected
For more than 90 years the YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg has been dedicated to serving the community. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our members, volunteers, donors and community constituents. The YMCA will not sell, share or release your name to any list service, outside organization or manufacturer, and any information provided by you will be held in the strictest of confidence. The Y and its website administrators do not collect any personal information that identifies visitors unless they voluntarily provide contact information. Personal information includes information that is unique to an individual, such as a name, address, e-mail address or telephone number.
By submitting personal information, website visitors grant YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store and use that information in connection with the operation of the website. Personal information is always stored in a secure database.
Website visitors may be asked to provide personal information, such as demographic information, in completing any of the online forms used for event registration, special events and promotions, making a donation, and/or providing feedback. The information required to complete the transaction is noted on each specific form. Additional questions might be included to help improve the services offered.
How We Use This Information
The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg uses the information you provide to fulfill online requests, to process credit card information, to respond to customer service inquiries, and/or in other ways as required by law.
Requested information on voluntary forms is used to provide the services that you request, such as event registration, special events and promotions, to make donations, and to provide feedback.
Only authorized staff members (including those who need the information to perform a specific task) at YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg have access to your information voluntarily provided via the website.
Data Security
The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg makes every effort to ensure that your personal information voluntarily provided by website visitors remains as secure as possible. Accordingly, unauthorized access is prevented by a secure firewall and use of security technologies to protect the integrity and privacy of any personal information you provide.
As an additional security measure, personal information is also encrypted during transmission by Secure Socket Layer 128-bit encryption software. (Encryption is a common method used to transmit sensitive data across the Internet. Encryption temporarily makes the text unreadable during the time it is being transmitted over the Internet.) This is an industry standard.
Online Forms
Forms provided on the YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg's website are meant for feedback or general information purposes only. The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg is not responsible if unauthorized parties gain access to the confidential information shared in the online forms. To protect your privacy, online forms should not be used to communicate information that the website user considers confidential.
Newsletter/Press Release Subscriptions
If subscribing to a newsletter, publication, press release or RSS feed published by the YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg and distributed by e-mail or RSS feed, the website visitor's e-mail address will be recorded in a private distribution list. Messages sent electronically do not reveal recipients' e-mail addresses or any other personal information. The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg will only send messages to those who have opted to subscribe and who have provided their e-mail address for this purpose.
E-mail Information
Occasionally, the YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg staff members will request personal information from you in order to deliver requested materials, respond to questions or provide information. The YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg retains personal information on file but does not share, sell, license or transmit this information with or to third parties or external vendors unless required to do so by legal, judicial, or governmental proceedings. If website visitors e-mail the agency, their email information will not be used outside of its system without your permission. Their email address will not be used for any other purpose.
Please note that e-mail is considered a non-encrypted (and therefore unsecure) form of communication, and it can be accessed and viewed by others without the knowledge or permission of the website visitor who provided it. For that reason, and to protect privacy, e-mail should not be used to communicate information that the website user considers confidential.
<<
December 2020
>>
SMTWTFS
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
View All Month's Events
Find Your Y
Become a Member
Support the Y
Contact Us
Strengthening the Foundation of Our Community
At the Y, strengthening the foundation of our community is our cause. Every day, we work side-by-side with our neighbors to make sure that everyone, regardless of age, income or background has the opportunity to learn, grow and thrive. When you give to the Y, you are helping people right here in your community.
Learn More »
Learn More
OUR MISSION: To put Judeo-Christian principles into practice through programs that build a healthy spirit, mind, and body for all.
×
Your Safety is Our Top Priority
x
Your Safety is Our Top Priority
We are taking extra precautions to ensure the health and safety of our members, staff and community. Come see for yourself by setting up a FREE tour.
SIGN UP