https://www.burr.com/terms-of-use/
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
The Terms of Use found here are intended as an agreement between anyone who accesses this website (“you”) and Burr & Forman LLP. We invite you to view www.burr.com (“the site”), with the understanding that you have agreed to theDisclaimer, Terms of Use, and Privacy Policy outlined herein. We reserve the right to change and update these policies, disclaimers and terms without notice. Please read these carefully before proceeding, as they may have changed since your last visit.
Privacy Policy
Burr & Forman LLP values your privacy. Personal information, such as full name, address, and e-mail address, may be made available to the firm through participation in surveys, e-mail, attorney referrals, event registration, mailing lists or other circumstances where the viewer provides the information. Burr & Forman LLP intends to keep this information confidential. If you do not participate in these actions, we do not have access to your personal information.
Our site contains cookies to track user traffic. We use this information to collect data to help us evaluate how our site is performing and the way it is navigated by users. This information will help us to better serve you. The cookies cannot pull information from your personal hard drive. Your browser contains functions that may allow you to turn off cookies. Please note that is may alter the accessibility to some of our site pages.
This site contains links to third party sites. Burr & Forman LLP does not claim responsibility for the content or privacy policies on third party sites. We do encourage you to read the policies outlined by each site you visit.
Click HERE to read the full privacy policy.
Website Disclaimer
All materials found on this site, and the links provided, are for informational use only. They are not intended to be legal advice. Any links used are not endorsed by Burr & Forman LLP. Site information should not be relied on without first seeking counsel from an attorney. Additionally, materials may not reflect the ideas, thoughts, and opinions of one or all employees or clients of Burr & Forman LLP.
The results of cases published on this site are not an indication of future results and should not generate such expectations.
The materials on this website are not intended for advertising purposes. Though our attorneys focus on different areas of law, we do not imply or state that that anyone specializes in a particular area or is defined as a specialist. No representation is made that the quality of legal services to be performed is greater than legal services performed by other lawyers.
Website Accessibility
It is possible that the site may be down for a period of time. Reasons for this include but are not limited to maintenance, equipment, and malfunctions out of our control.
Copyright Notice
All original content posted on the site is protected under United States copyright laws. All rights reserved. Any republication without permission or attempt to falsify authorship is prohibited. You may view, print and/or circulate information found on the site with the correct citation (available on the document), unaltered from its original content. You may reach out to the author to discuss content, republication, and distribution. All authorship information is provided on the documents or articles themselves with contact information found on the attorney’s bio page.
If you believe that any information found on this site infringes upon your copyrighted work, please contact India Vincent at ivincent@burr.com
or (205) 458-5284.
E-Mail Policy
Sending an e-mail through this site, and receipt of same, does not constitute an attorney-client relationship. Information sent via e-mail is not considered confidential or privileged unless we have agreed to represent you. Do not send classified or confidential information through e-mail, as the Internet is not secure, unless you have taken the proper precautions. By sending an e-mail, you confirm that you have read, understand and agree to this notice.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in an email we send.
Burr & Forman LLP has intended to follow all rules and guidelines set by the state bar associations and the Alabama Rules of Professional Conduct with the publication and use of this site.
About Burr
Working at Burr
Current Staff Openings
Attorney
Attorney Benefits
Summer Associate Program
Support Staff
Support Staff Benefits
Career Development
Advanced Workplace
Locations
Diversity
Leadership & Engagement
Empowering Women
Pre-Law Program
Diversity & Inclusion Committee
In the Community
Management
Client List
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks