http://www.apollo-aviation.co.uk/privacy-policy
Apollo aircraft maintenance | Apollo aircraft maintenance
HomeAbout UsService PlansContact UsMoreHomeAbout UsService PlansContact UsHomeAbout UsService PlansContact Us
Privacy PolicyIntroductionWe are committed to safeguarding the privacy of www.apollo-aviation.co.uk visitors and service users.This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Apollo Aviation Advisory Ltd.How we use your personal dataIn this section we have set out:(a)        the general categories of personal data that we may process;(b)       in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;(c)        the purposes for which we may process personal data; and(d)       the legal bases of the processing.We may process usage data (data about your use of our website and services). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is (our analytics tracking system). This usage data may be processed (for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services). The legal basis for this processing is consent or our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.We may process your account data. The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is Apollo Aviation Advisory Ltd. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent or our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (known as profile data). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be processed for (the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services). The legal basis for this processing is consent or our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (“service data”). The service data may include your name and contact information. The source of the service data is you or your employer. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent or our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data“). The publication data may be processed (for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services). The legal basis for this processing is consent or our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data“). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed (for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers). The legal basis for this processing is consent, or our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website. The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed (for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions). The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters. The notification data may be processed (for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters). The legal basis for this processing is consent or the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us. The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.We may process your email data. This data may include your contact information and name. The source of this data is Apollo-aviation.co.uk. This data may be processed for keeping in touch with you and sending marketing and communication emails. The legal basis for this processing is consent, at your request, to enter into such a contract.We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.Providing your personal data to othersWe may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy. Information about our group of companies can be found at adrc-group.comWe may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.International transfers of your personal dataIn this section, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).Our hosting company is based in the UK. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each European Country. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.Retaining and deleting personal dataThis section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.We will retain your personal data as follows:(a)        Your contact information will be retained for a minimum period of 1 day and for a maximum period of 5 years.Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.AmendmentsWe may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email or through a message on our website.Your rightsIn this section, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.Your principal rights under the data protection law are:(a)        the right to access;(b)       the right to rectification;(c)        the right to erasure;(d)       the right to restrict processing;(e)        the right to object to processing;(f)        the right to data portability;(g)        the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and(h)       the right to withdraw consent.You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.In some circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes, and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.In some circumstances, you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:(a)        consent; or(b)       that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in this section.Internet CookiesWhen you use the www.apollo-aviation.co.uk website we put small files known as ‘cookies’ onto your computer to collect information about how you browse the site.What are they?Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information, often including a unique identifier, which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website – if your browser preferences allow it. Cookies are then accessed by the originating website on each subsequent visit. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.How are cookies used on the Apollo Aviation website?The cookies we use on the www.apollo-aviation.co.uk website are there to allow you to perform the services you require and to assist us in providing a better website for our users. We also use cookies to enable us to send you messages about the company, which will be based on your visits to our website, when you are visiting either our website or other websites. We do not use cookies to store information that identifies you as an individual. Details on cookies used are provided below.We encourage you to accept the cookies we serve. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our or any other website, you can do this through your browser settings.Managing cookiesMost browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can, however, obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:(a)        https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);(b)       https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);(c)        http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);(d)       https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);(e)        https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and(f)        https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.Cookies used by our service providersOur service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/View our Cookie policy here.Our detailsThis website is owned and operated by Apollo Aviation Advisory LtdIf you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email to info@apollo-aviation.co.uk or by post to Apollo Aviation Advisory Ltd, Concorde House, 24 Cecil Pashley Way, Shoreham Airport, Shoreham-by-Sea, West Sussex, BN43 5FF, UKYou can contact us:(a)        by post, to the postal address given above(b)       using our website contact form;(c)        by telephone, on the contact number published on our website(d)       by email info@apollo-aviation.co.uk
About UsPrivacy PolicyLegal InformationApproval CerificatesTerms and ConditionsPhoto GalleryService PlansContact UsApollo aircraft maintenance24 Concorde House, Cecil Pashley Way, West Sussex BN43 5FF Email: maintenance@apollo-aviation.co.uk+447889593775 / +447841631936Copyright © 2020 Apollo aircraft maintenance - All Rights Reserved.Powered by GoDaddy