https://www.st-thomasmore.walsall.sch.uk/data-protection-privacy-and-gdpr/
Skip to content
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) ensures a balance between an individual’s rights to privacy and the lawful processing of personal data undertaken by organisations in the course of their business. It aims to protect the rights of individuals about whom data is obtained, stored, processed or supplied and requires that organisations take appropriate security measures against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of personal data.The school will protect and maintain a balance between data protection rights in accordance with the GDPR. This policy sets out how we handle the personal data of our pupils, parents, suppliers, employees, workers and other third parties.You can find more information about how we obtain, hold and process data by viewing the downloads below.Data protection, privacy and GDPR Policy documents relating to data protection, privacy and GDPR.Order  AscDescOrder By  TitlePublish Date Record of processing activities20.70 KBInformation about how we process data. Open/download Privacy notice for staff22.10 KBHow we aim to keep the data about staff private. Open/download Privacy notice for parents and pupils22.94 KBHow we aim to keep the data of parents and pupils private. Open/download Data retention policy22.99 KBHow long we store data and the reasons for storing data after someone has left the school. Open/download Data protection policy32.10 KBHow we aim to protect the privacy of individuals where we collect, store and process data. Open/download Data breach policy22.25 KBSteps we will take if we should become aware of a data breach. Open/downloadThe above information is additional to our website privacy policy.
Taken from the latest issue of More News: Hello, as we return on Monday we will enter the season of Advent. This is a most important and special time of…Recent news and noticesCareers support is still up and running and we are planning a number of virtual events to help students understand,…Dear Parents and Carers of our Year 13 students, I hope you are all well. I know only too well…During most years, St Thomas More Catholic School signs up to a programme called NHS futures. This provides quality work…Happy birthday to the following students!Upcoming events
End of Autumn Term 2020
Thursday, December 17, 2020
Start of Spring Term
Monday, January 4, 2021
Staff Inset
Friday, January 29, 2021
Half term
Monday, February 15, 2021 - Friday, February 19, 2021
End of Spring Term
Thursday, April 1, 2021 View All Events
Scroll Up Top