http://www.umdurham.org/who-we-are/privacy-policy.html
Urban Ministries of Durham
Food, shelter and a future
SEARCH
Please enter a search term to begin your search.
A community of support united for the greater good of all
Learn Who We Are
Mission & History
Key Staff Contacts
Board of Directors
Financial Stewardship
Job Opportunities
Privacy Policy
See What We Do
Shelter Journey Programs
Community Café
Food Pantry & Clothing Closet
Bread for the Journey
Partners & Community Resources
Donate To Help
Give Money
Help for the Holidays
Give Stuff
Honorary/Memorial Gifts
Volunteer
Get Started
Opportunities
Volunteer Stories
Events and Awards
Events
Awards
Contact us
Mission & History
Key Staff Contacts
Board of Directors
Financial Stewardship
Job Opportunities
Privacy Policy
Our core values are respect, accountability and collaboration
Get E-news from UMD
Privacy PoliciesYour privacy is important to Urban Ministries of Durham. This Privacy Policy demonstrates our commitment to safeguarding your information and explains what personal information we collect and how we use it. By using this site, you are agreeing to the terms set forth here.
What Personally Identifiable Information We Collect and How We Use It
We save the contact information you provide us, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone numbers. We may ensure the accuracy and completeness of your record by supplementing it with information from the National Change of Address database, public records, or other sources. We use your information for the specific purpose(s) for which it was provided; to thank you; and to communicate with you in a personalized way about our work, our needs, and upcoming opportunities to volunteer, give, or donate items. We may publicly thank you or list you as a UMD supporter unless you ask us not to.  We may provide your information to our funding sources, for example to qualify for matching grants; to tax authorities; in response to subpoena; and as otherwise required by law. We will never share, sell or rent your contact information with the intent that it be used in marketing for another organization or company.
Opting Out of Communications
You may "opt out," at any time from any or all of our modes of communication. Simply email Director of Development Joe Daly at jdaly@umdurham.org or follow the unsubscribe instructions in individual communications.  We will process your “opt out” request promptly; please be patient if you inadvertently receive an additional communication while we are doing so.
Payment processors
We have partnered with online payment processors including Network for Good, PayPal, Eventbrite, and Stripe to collect online donations and process credit card transactions. We selected these particular providers for their professionalism and because they are leaders in the industry who have promised to maintain high levels of security for our users.  We cannot, however, assume responsibility for their actions since they are independent payment processors, similar in many respects to your own credit card company.
Cookies
We may store a “cookie” in your web browser when you visit our site to help us remember who you are and customize your experience on our site to match your needs and preferences. Cookies also help us determine which portions of our site are visited most frequently. You can reject or clear cookies any time you wish in the settings of your Web browser.
IP addresses
We may use your IP address to help us administer our website, diagnose problems with it, or to collect information about website visitor traffic.
External Links
Our site includes links to outside websites. We do not have control over the content or privacy practices of these other sites, so use them at your own risk.
Modifying This Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and will always post the current version on our website. You agree that the then-current terms will apply to your relationship with us.
Client Privacy Practices
NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE USED/DISCLOSED, AND HOW YOU MAY OBTAIN ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
This Notice describes the privacy practices of Urban Ministries of Durham with respect to our use of the North Carolina Statewide Homeless Management Information System (“NC HMIS”).
NC HMIS: We participate in a statewide system that allows shelters and other homeless service providers to share information about the people we serve. NC HMIS keeps information about clients that get help in each participating agency to better assist you.
Through NC HMIS, we and other agencies can share your name, year of birth, gender, veteran status, and partial SS# without your permission (your “Standard Information”), unless you indicate on the NC HMIS Release Form that you do not want your Standard Information to be visible or tell an agency to close your “Profile/Name.” We and the other agencies can collect, use and share any additional information you consent to share when you filled out the Client Informed Consent and Release of Information Authorization Sharing Plan (your “Sharing Plan”). This Notice informs you as to how we and NC HMIS treat the personal information we collect, use, and share with other agencies.
HIPAA: Note that if we are a “Covered Entity” as defined in the the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) and must comply with the requirements set forth in HIPAA, we will provide you with a separate HIPAA Privacy Policy. Our classification as a Covered Entity, if applicable, in no way makes any other agency-members of NC HMIS or the Michigan Coalition Against Homelessness, the operator of NC HMIS, into “Business Associates,” as defined in HIPAA. In the event that any provisions of this Notice conflict with the HIPAA Privacy Policy, the HIPAA Privacy Policy will control. There may be information we collect about you that is governed by the HIPAA standards that is not covered by this Notice. In such case, only the HIPAA standards and not those set forth in this Notice, will apply.
Personal and Health Information: When you receive services from us, we share your Standard Information on NC HMIS with other agencies, unless you tell us not to as provided above. If you choose to fill out a Sharing Plan, we will also share the personal information you consent to us releasing, which may include personal health information and information about your race, ethnicity, disabling conditions, previous residence history, employment history, substance abuse, sexual orientation, educational history and more. Your Standard Information and any information you release in your Sharing Plan is refered to as your “Protected Personal Information.”
How We May Use and Disclose Your Protected Personal Information: We may use and disclose your Protected Personal Information only for the following purposes:
(1) to provide or coordinate services to an individual;
(2) for functions related to payment or reimbursement for services;
(3) to carry out administrative functions, including but not limited to legal, audit, personnel, oversight and management functions; or
(4) for creating de-identified Protected Personal Information.
Other Uses and Disclosures: We may use or disclose your Protected Personal Information for other reasons, even without your permission. Subject to applicable federal or state law, we are permitted to disclose your Protected Personal Information without your permission for the following purposes:
• Required by Law: We may use/disclose your Protected Personal Information when such use/disclosure is required by law, subject to the requirements of such law.
• Serious threat to health or safety: We may use and disclose your Protected Personal Information when necessary to prevent a serious threat to your health and safety or the health and safety of the public or another person. Any disclosure, however, would only be to someone able to help prevent the threat.
• Abuse, Neglect or Domestic Violence: We may disclose your Protected Personal Information when the disclosure relates to victims of domestic violence, abuse or neglect, or the neglect or abuse of a child or an adult who physically or mentally incapacitated, where the disclosure is required by law, you agree to such disclosure, or the disclosure is authorized by law and we believe it is necessary to prevent serious harm to you or other potential victims.
• Research: Subject to certain restrictions, we may use or disclose your Protected Personal Information for approved academic research conducted by an individual or institution that has a formal relationship with us and a written research agreement that requires researchers and data recipients to protect your Protected Personal Information.
• Law enforcement purposes: Subject to certain restrictions, we may disclose your Protected Personal Information under certain circumstances.
• Even if you agree or do not object, however, the foregoing uses/disclosures may also be limited by certain North Carolina laws governing pharmacy, mental health facility or nursing facility records, or records related to controlled substance abuse and communicable diseases.
Authorization to Use or Disclose Your Protected Personal Information: In any situations other than those where your permission is not required, as described above, we will ask for your written authorization before using or disclosing your Protected Personal Information, which you may do or have already done by signing a Sharing Plan. If you choose to sign a Sharing Plan to disclose your Protected Personal Information, you can later revoke that authorization to stop any future uses and disclosures. However, you cannot revoke your authorization for uses and disclosures that we have made in reliance upon such authorization.
Destruction or De-Identificatin of Your Protected Personal Information: We will dispose of or, in the alternative, remove identifiers from, Protected Personal Information that is not in current use seven years after your Protected Personal Information was created or last changed, unless a statutory, regulatory, contractual, or other requirement mandates we keep it longer.
Individual Rights: You have the following rights with regard to your Protected Personal Information. Please contact the person listed below to obtain the appropriate forms for exercising these rights.
Request Restrictions: You may request restrictions on uses and disclosures of your Protected Personal Information, unless such restriction is inconsistent with our legal requirements. We are not required to agree to such restrictions, but if we do agree, we must abide by those restrictions.
Inspect and Obtain Copies: You have the right to inspect and obtain a copy of your health information. We can also explain to you any information you may not understand.
News & NeedsUrban Ministries of Durham
Home
Learn Who We Are
See What We Do
Donate To Help
Volunteer
Events and Awards
Contact us
©
2009 - 2020
Urban Ministries of Durham