http://www.auspost.com.au/sending/stamps/concession-stamps/conditions-of-use
Current delivery times & COVID-19 updates
Dismiss alert
COVID-19: Alert bar
Skip to content
Skip to primary navigation
Personal
Business
Enterprise & Gov
About us
Help & support
Log in
Accounts
MyPost
MyPost Business
eParcel
Business Support Portal
ShopMate
Search
Search our site
Search
Close search
Personal
Sending
Stamps
Concession stamps
Conditions of use
Conditions of use
MyPost Concession Account and concession postage stamp
1. Eligibility
Holders of the following Federal Government concession cards (concession card holders) are eligible for a MyPost Concession Account:
Pensioner Concession Card Health Care Card Commonwealth Seniors Health Care Card Dept of Veteran's Affairs Card Veteran's Repatriation Health Card
Australia Post will periodically verify the validity of your eligible Federal Government Concession Card.
2. Registration
To register for a MyPost Concession Account:
Visit your nearest Australia Post retail outlet  Complete a MyPost Concession Account Registration form (available online or in store)  Provide the form to an Australia Post Staff member for processing  Show the staff member your valid Federal Government Concession Card so they can verify it is valid
Upon successful registration you will be issued with a MyPost Concession Card which will be sent to you as part of a Welcome Pack at your registered address.
3. Purchasing concession stamps
Upon successful registration for a MyPost Concession Account you receive five free concession stamps which will be sent to you as part of a Welcome Pack at your registered address. Upon receipt of your MyPost Concession card you will be eligible to purchase up to a further 50 concession stamps during the next 12 months from the date of issue of your MyPost Concession card. Concession stamps can only be purchased in booklets of five stamps. To purchase Concession stamps you must visit an Australia Post retail outlet and present your MyPost Concession card to the staff member. The retail outlet will be able to advise you how many stamps you have available for purchase on your MyPost Concession account. Your balance will also appear on the receipt of your Concession stamp purchase.
4. Concession stamps terms of use
Concession stamps can be used for domestic letter services only and such use is subject to the Australia Post Terms and Conditions.
Concession stamps are not valid for parcels or international services.
As concession stamps have no denomination, please use the following table for information on how the stamps should be used:
Concession rates for letters within Australia
Concession rates
Letter type
Maximum size
Postage
Small letter up to 250g
Maximum size
130 x 240 x 5mm
Postage
1 concession stamp
Large letter up to 125g
Maximum size
260 x 360 x 20mm
Postage
2 concession stamps
Large letter up to 250g
Maximum size
260 x 360 x 20mm
Postage
3 concession stamps
Large letter up to 500g
Maximum size
260 x 360 x 20mm
Postage
5 concession stamps
Please note: To estimate weight, one A4 page is approximately 5 grams.
5. Privacy
The collection of any personal information will be handled in accordance with Australia Post's Privacy Policy.
6. Accounts, passwords and security
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of the information you hold for your MyPost Concession Account and MyPost Concession Card, including any passwords. You are responsible for any and all activity that occurs under your account as a result of you failing to keep this information secure and confidential. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your account, card or password, or any other breach of security. You may be responsible for losses incurred by us or another user of the service as a result of you failing to keep your account information secure and confidential. You may not use anyone else's MyPost Concession Account or MyPost Concession Card. Australia Post is not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
7. Violation of the terms and conditions
You agree that we may, in our absolute discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to your MyPost Concession Account and MyPost Concession Card, or any related site or item, if we determine that you have violated the terms and conditions associated with the use of the MyPost Concession Account or MyPost Concession Card, a related site, or any other Australia Post site.
Stamps
Stamp prices
Concession stamps
Conditions of use
Stamp issues & collectables
MyStamps
Personalised Stamps™
Australia Post acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land on which we operate, live and gather as employees, and recognise their continuing connection to land, water and community. We pay respect to Elders past, present and emerging.