https://www.rmhcfargo.org/give/donor-privacy-policy/
GiveDonor Privacy Policy
Ronald McDonald House Charities of the Red River Valley (RMHC-RRV) is pleased to provide information to all of its customers about its privacy policy. Please be assured that RMHC-RRV uses its best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to this website.
Types of Information Collected and How It Is Used
RMHC-RRV gathers personal information, such as first and last names, home and business addresses, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and credit card numbers only when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make an online donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation.
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information, such as RMHC-RRV updates or information regarding newsletters, fund-raising campaigns or major grant initiatives. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
Security of Donor Information
Donor information is stored within a donor management database within RMHC-RRV.   Access to the database is restricted to personnel with legitimate business need to access or modify the information contained therein. No credit card information is stored in this database.
Sharing of Personal Information
Companies may be engaged by RMHC-RRV to perform a variety of functions, such as assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our Internet sites, etc. Such companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform certain functions. However, these companies may use such personal information only for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose.
Other than as provided in this privacy policy, RMHC-RRV does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties.
RMHC-RRV reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a public safety matter.
Access
You are in control of all personal information you provide to us. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the postal address listed below. In order to review any personal information we have about you or to ask us to delete that information or to stop further use of the information, please contact us through the address listed below.  If you would like to unsubscribe from our newsletter or email list, please use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our newsletter emails or contact us through the postal address listed below.  It may take up to two weeks to remove you from all of our mailing lists if we have one a publication in production when you request to be removed.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that an Internet site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow a certain Internet site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most Internet sites, RMHC-RRV uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous, aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Use the options in your Internet browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this Web site.
We use Google services, such as Google Analytics, as well as other third party vendors that place first-party and/or third-party cookies on a browser across our websites. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit their opt-out page. We also use Google AdWords “remarketing” to market our sites across the web. We place a cookie on a browser, and then Google reads these cookies and may serve an ad on a 3rd party site. You may opt out of this ad serving on Google’s opt out page. If you are concerned about 3rd party cookies served by networks, you should also visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by RMHC. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time, it may be necessary for RMHC-RRV to change its privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
If you have any questions about the RMHC-RRV Privacy Policy, please contact us by phone at 701-232-3980 or mail at 4757 Agassiz Crossing S, Fargo, ND 58104.
Donate Volunteer Host a Fundraiser Pop Tabs Wishlist