http://www.rwjf.org/en/library/collections/health-policy-in-brief.html
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read our updated Privacy Policy to learn more.
×
How We Work
Grants and Grant Programs
Discovering New Ideas
Research, Evaluation and Learning
Building a Culture of Health
Our Focus Areas
Health Systems
Healthy Communities
Healthy Children and Families
Leadership for Better Health
About RWJF
Annual Messages
Financials
Job Opportunities
Leadership and Staff
New Jersey: Our Home State
Our Guiding Principles
Our Policies
Quick Links
Funding Opportunities
Newsroom
Blog
Grants Explorer
Contact Us
SHARE
Twitter
Facebook
Email
LinkedIn
Print
Health Policy in Brief
Promoting evidence-based policies to improve health and well-being in America.
Health Policy Matters
To build a Culture of Health, we must harness the power of evidence-based policy to achieve lasting change. For everyone to have the chance to live as healthy a life as possible, we need public policy that both helps maximize access to quality, affordable health care, and create communities that are healthier, more inclusive, and provide everyone the opportunity to thrive.
Informing Health Policy Discussions at the Federal, State, and Local Level
As America’s largest philanthropy dedicated solely to health, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation works with many organizations to analyze key issues affecting health in the United States. In the nation’s capital and at the state and local level, we use our knowledge and the expertise of our partners to provide policymakers and other stakeholders with analysis, evidence, and potential policy approaches that reach across the political spectrum. We also support convenings to promote robust public policy discussions, comment on federal regulations, and the provision of technical assistance to state and local governments putting health policies into place.
Nonpartisan Research and Health Policy Briefs
To help address the needs of busy policymakers, congressional staffers and administration officials, we support translation of nonpartisan research and evidence into health policy briefs that strive to explain key policy issues in a concise, easily digestible format. This approach has been critical to our work in major policy areas such as tobacco control and health coverage, and helping to expand awareness of non-clinical issues such as health equity and the social determinants of health. As we work with others to improve health and well-being in America, here are some policy areas we’re working on:
Housing and Health
The conditions of our neighborhoods and quality of our homes play a critical role in shaping our health. Browse RWJF-supported initiatives and resources for communities working to ensure access to safe, affordable housing for all.
Child and Family Well-Being
Every family deserves the opportunity to raise healthy kids. Explore programs and policies that help achieve healthy, safe, and stable environments for all children and their families.
Health Care Coverage and Access
RWJF funds research and programs to identify key gaps in health coverage, and help ensure everyone in our nation is able to get the care they need to support lifelong health and well-being.
Healthy Food Access
In many communities across America, unhealthy food abounds while affordable, healthy options remain limited. Browse programs and research to assist communities working to increase access to healthy, nutritious food for everyone.
Editor's Pick
COVID-19: Policies to Protect People and Communities
How can the nation respond in the short term to keep all people safe and the economy afloat? What policies could help all of us recover in a way that is inclusive and equitable? The Urban Institute answers tough questions with unbiased, rigorous research and evidence-based solutions.
Browse the Urban Institute policy feature
Latest Health Policy Briefs Research and News
View more
other resources
State Network: COVID-19 Resources
State Network is a resource hub that consolidates timely, high-quality resources for busy policymakers and researchers. Check in often for continuously updated resources state policymakers can use to inform their response to the pandemic.
View COVID-19 Resources
SNAP Supports Children and Families
The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is a critical lifeline for approximately 40 million low-income people across the United States.
Read the brief
Featured health Policy initiatives
The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation supports various non-profit, non-partisan organizations and initiatives.
Urban Institute
From Safety Net to Solid Ground offers timely insights into how potential changes to federal safety net programs might affect the well-being of people striving to cover their basic needs and communities grappling with stagnant economic growth.
Browse the collection at urban.org
Healthy Eating Research
Healthy Eating Research (HER) is an RWJF program that supports research on policy, systems, and environmental (PSE) strategies that have strong potential to promote healthy eating among children, especially those at risk for poor nutrition.
Visit healthyeatingresearch.org
Contact Us
RWJF Policy unit staff:
Avenel Joseph
Vice President, Policy
ajoseph@rwjf.org
(609) 627-6235
Giridhar Mallya
Senior Policy Officer
gmallya@rwjf.org
(609) 627-6476
Kimberly Elliott
Director, Public Policy
kelliott@rwjf.org
(202) 243-7841
Robin Mockenhaupt
Senior Vice President
Strategic Initiatives
rmocken@rwjf.org
(609) 627-7518
Katherine Hempstead
Senior Policy Adviser
khempstead@rwjf.org
(609) 627-6396
Starla Stiles
Communications Officer, Policy
sstiles@rwjf.org
(609) 627-6003
Leigh Gibson
Senior Policy Officer
lgibson@rwjf.org
(609) 627-5743