http://www.scotland.anglican.org/terms-conditions
Home > Terms & Conditions
Introduction
Please read these terms of use carefully.
Should you use this website you are deemed to have accepted these terms of use.
If you do not accept, you should immediately cease use of the website.
This service is provided by the General Synod of the Scottish Episcopal Church (“the Scottish Episcopal Church”)(Scottish Charity Number SCO015962) and having its principal  office at  Forbes House,  21, Grosvenor Crescent,  Edinburgh,  EH12 5EE,  to you as a “user”, is subject to the following  terms and conditions of use (“terms of use”).
The Scottish Episcopal Church reserves the right to change these terms of use from time to time.
You are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
The Scottish Episcopal Church further reserves the right, at any time to make access to certain materials or services on this website conditional on you agreeing to additional terms of use.
1. Website objective
This website is provided to users for information purposes.
2. Availability
The user acknowledges that this website’s Systems and Servers may from time to time become inoperative as a consequence of mechanical breakdown, maintenance, telecommunication connectivity, hardware and software upgrades and other causes outside the control of the Scottish Episcopal Church.
3. Limited Liability
The Scottish Episcopal Church gives no condition or warranty or undertaking and makes no representation to the user about the suitability or fitness of the services for the user’s purposes other than the conditions, warranties, undertakings, or representations expressly set out in these Terms.
4. Use of the Website
In using this website you agree not to in any way cause, damage to the website or affect its availability or accessibility in any way nor to effect any action that is illegal, fraudulent, harmful, offensive or obscene, or may cause distress or inconvenience to any person.
5. Disclaimer
Every effort is used to ensure that this website contains accurate information. The Scottish Episcopal Church however cannot be held liable for any loss, infringement  or damages resulting in any inaccuracies or misinformation that may inadvertently be published on the site.    Furthermore whilst all possible effort is used to ensure no viruses or malware are contained on the site, the Scottish Episcopal Church cannot be held responsible for any loss or damage to computer hardware, or software or loss or corruption of data, caused by use of the website.
The views expressed on this website are the views of the contributors to it and not necessarily the views of the Scottish Episcopal Church.
This website and documents published on this website from time to time may contain links to third party.  These third party sites are beyond the control of the Scottish Episcopal Church for their content or for any transactions between you and such sites.  Your use of these third party sites, and any resultant transactions, may be subject to separate terms and conditions.
6. Access
The Scottish Episcopal Church reserves the right in their sole discretion to deny users access to the website or any part of the website without notice and to decline to provide the service to any user that is in breach of these terms.
7. Legal Terms and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Scotland. Any disputes arising from the use of the website shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Scotland.
If any of these terms of use should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms of use are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that term of use is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and the remaining terms of use shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable
8. Submission of content and use of materials
Where you are invited to submit any CONTENT to this site you are required by such submission to grant the Scottish Episcopal Church a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicenseable right and licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content. You warrant that you have the right to make such a grant. If you do not wish to grant such rights to the Scottish Episcopal Church, it is suggested that you do not submit your contribution to this site.
In supplying this CONTENT you will indemnify the Scottish Episcopal Church against all damages, costs, claims and expenses, including legal fees and expenses, that may be incurred by the Scottish Episcopal Church as a result of your breach of the above warranty; and agree to waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on the website and the other purposes specified above.
If there is any conflict between the terms of use and/or specific terms appearing elsewhere on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
Any other use of materials on this website, including storage and recording (other than on a purely transitory basis to permit you to view them), reproduction, modification, distribution, re-transmission, diversion or republication, without the prior written permission (from the Communications Officer ) of the Scottish Episcopal Church, is  prohibited.
This prohibition does not apply to:-
a)    Press releases that are posted to the website as releases to the media for news and information purposes
b)    Vestry materials and content for use within the Scottish Episcopal Church
c)    Liturgies for use within the Scottish Episcopal Church
d)    Other ,materials posted to the website for use within the Scottish Episcopal Church
e)    Web notices that are intended for reproduction and display in Churches and other places for use within the Scottish Episcopal Church
Some Icons are Copyrighted © and coats of arms are registered with the Lord Lyon of Scotland to Scottish Episcopal Church and its Dioceses.   All rights are reserved.
Where copyright in text on this website is stated to belong to a third party, permission to sue the material should be sought directly from the third party.
9.     Protection of Data
Any information provided by you that is classified “personal data” supplied in connection with the website will be held by us on computers and/or manual records. This data will be used and stored by the Scottish Episcopal Church in a manner that meets privacy standards and the requirements of data protection legislation.
The Scottish Episcopal Church will only contact you in accordance with your wishes; your responses are recorded at the time these terms and conditions are presented.
Should you wish to modify or remove any or all of your personal information that you have supplied for the use of this website.  You should request assistance by writing to Scottish Episcopal Church at the Service Address below, stating your full name and address and providing any other relevant information.
10.   Message Boards and Forums
The views expressed on any message boards that may appear on this website from time to time are those of the individual user and not those of the Scottish Episcopal Church. The Scottish Episcopal Church asks you not to post messages or e-mails which are abusive, obscene, defamatory or the content of which is otherwise undesirable, illegal or in breach of any person’s rights, and they reserve the right, in their full discretion, to remove any messages or e-mails at any time and without notice to you.
11. Address for service
This service is brought to you by the General Synod of the Scottish Episcopal Church.  Should you wish to contact us please see the point of contact details shown below.
Title
Communications Officer
Name of Org.
Scottish Episcopal Church
Address
General Synod Office21, Grosvenor Crescent,
Edinburgh,
EH12 5EE
Telephone Number
0131-225-6357
Email
press@scotland.anglican.org
The Life of the Church
Prayer & Worship
The heart of the community
Open, Discussing, Engaging
In this sectionCoronavirus updates and resources (updated 20 November 2020)
Advice to Members of Provincial Boards, Committees and other bodies
College of Bishops reflection on worship during lockdown
Coronavirus – Additional Guidance (18/03/20)
Coronavirus Safeguarding Considerations issued by the General Synod Office
Frequently Asked Questions for SEC Churches in Phase 2 of the Scottish Government Route Map out of Lockdown
Prayers in a time of pandemic
SEC churches open for private prayer
Tester
Zoom guidelines and tips for Scottish Episcopal Church use
Online Worship
Online Worship from around the Scottish Episcopal Church
Richard on the road to recovery after 600ft fall
The SEC Virtual Choir for Advent & Christmas
Thanks For Your Subscription
Church Finder
All News
Accessibility
Sitemap
Not Found
Who we are
About us
Organisation
Publications
Vocation and Ministry
Home
Spirituality
Prayer
Worship
News and Issues
Videos of the Scottish Episcopal Church
In the News
Issues in Society
Contacts
Vestry Resources
Accounts – guidance and samples
Buildings
Clergy Appointments and Conduct and Clergy and Lay Employment
General Information
General Links
Grants and Loans
Stewardship, Gift Aid and Legacies
Vestry Responsibilities: Governance, Accounting and Charity Matters
Life of the Church
Spiritual growth
Mission and Ministry
Buildings and Quiet Spaces
Retreats
Music
How do I…
Get married in Church
Have my child christened
Arrange a funeral
The Scottish Episcopal Church
The Scottish Episcopal Church in Scotland
The Scottish Episcopal Church In the Anglican Communion
The Scottish Episcopal Church Working with Other Churches
The Scottish Episcopal Church Working with Other Faiths
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie scan report
Inspires Online
Daily Offices of the Church
Follow Us:
twitter
facebook
youtube
Vimeo
Enter your email to sign up for our newsletter
Email*
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Contact the Scottish Episcopal ChurchCall  0131 225 6357 | More information
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
PHPSESSID is an essential site cookie to enable search therefor needs to keep a record of activity only while your on the site.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes