http://www.aallnet.org/about-us/what-we-do/policies/association-policies/aallnet-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
About Us
What We Do
Strategic Plan
Bylaws
Policies
Resolutions
Who We Are
Executive Board
Committees & Juries
Staff
Contact Us
Press Room
Anti-Racism, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
COVID-19
News
RSS Feed Index
Community
Membership
Join / Renew
Benefits
AALL Champions
By the Numbers
Meet Our Members
For New Members
Member-Get-a-Member Program
Anniversaries
FAQs
My Communities
Special Interest Sections
SIS Annual Reports
SIS Leadership Toolkit
Caucuses
Caucus Annual Reports
Caucus Leadership Toolkit
Chapters
Chapter Annual Reports
Chapter Leadership Toolkit
Chapters & the AALL Annual Meeting
Chapter Visits
Recognition
AALL Awards Program
Awards Schedule & Notification Procedures
Presidential Certificates of Appreciation & Merit
SIS Awards
Calendar
Donate
Planned Giving
Member Search
Careers
Career Center
About the Profession
Types of Law Libraries
Education
Mentor Program
Salary Survey
AALL Consulting Services
Client Enrollment
Member Application
Resources & Publications
Knowledge Center
Explore by Topic
Publications
AALL eBriefing
AALL eNewsletter
AALL Weekly eNewsletter
AALL Spectrum
Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals
KnowItAALL
Law Library Journal
State of the Profession
Partnership Opportunities
AALL Annual Meeting On-Site Advertising Opportunities
Advertising Opportunities
AALL Mailing Lists
Partner Webinars
Education & Training
Body of Knowledge [BoK]
Annual Meeting
In-Person Programs & Seminars
Competitive Intelligence Series
Leadership Academy
Conference of Newer Law Librarians (CONELL)
eLearning
Upcoming Webinars
AALL2go
CALI Lessons
Drexel University Online
Calendar
Grants
Annual Meeting Grants
CPE Program Grants
Research Grants
SIS-Sponsored Grants
Minority Leadership Development Award
Scholarships
Education Updates
ADVOCACY
Government Relations
Legislative Action Center
Advocacy Toolkit
Federal Issues
State Issues
Voting Resources
Legal Research Competency
Principles & Standards for Legal Research Competency
Vendor Relations
Liaisons to Vendors
The CRIV Sheet
CRIV Tools
CRIV Blog
Policies
Request for Assistance
AALL
About Us
What We Do
Policies
Association Policies
AALL Privacy Policy
AALL Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Executive Board
Board Portal
Board Books & Minutes
Board Governance
Executive Director Evaluation
Legal Responsibilities
Code of Ethics
Succession Plan
Chapter Visits
Committee/Jury Liaison Assignments
Finance & Budget
Budget
F&B Meetings
Orientation Materials
Reports
Chapter Visits & Conferences
Financial Statements
Membership
Monthly
Strategic Planning
Board Meetings
Board Agenda Item Submission Form
Board Responsibilities
Business Meeting Minutes
Contact the AALL Executive Board
Nominations & Elections
Nomination & Election Procedures
Nominations Committee
About Being a Board Member
Board Nomination Form
Conduct of Election Policy
Committees & Juries
About Committees
Volunteer
AALL Committee/Jury Volunteer Form
AALL Indexing of Periodical Literature Committee Volunteer Form
AALL Spectrum & Law Library Journal Editorial Boards Application
Committee Leadership Toolkit
2020-2021 Committee/Jury Chair & Board Liaison Assignments
2019-2020 Committee/Jury Chair and Board Liaison Assignments
2019-2020 Training Resources
Award Recipient Information Submission Form
Calendar for Committee Chairs
The A, B, C’s of Leading a Distributed Team
Activities & Action Plan Submission Form
Annual Meeting Responsibilities
Annual Report Submission Guidelines
Awards Schedule & Notification Procedures
Roles & Responsibilities of the Chair, Board Liaison & Staff Liaison
Speaking for AALL
Jury Leadership Toolkit
2019-2020 Committee/Jury Chair and Board Liaison Assignments
2019-2020 Training Resources
Awards Schedule & Notification Procedures
Award Recipient Information Submission Form
Roles & Responsibilities of the Chair, Board Liaison & Staff Liaison
Plans & Reports
Final Reports
Action Plans
Annual Reports
AALL/Bloomberg Law Continuing Education Grant Program Jury
AALL/LexisNexis Call for Papers Committee
AALL Spectrum Article of the Year Award Jury
AALL Spectrum Editorial Board
Annual Meeting Grant Awards Jury
Annual Meeting Local Arrangements Committee
Annual Meeting Poster Session Award Jury
Annual Meeting Program Committee
Appointments Committee
Awards Committee
Bylaws and Resolutions Committee
Committee on Relations with Information Vendors (CRIV)
Conference of Newer Law Librarians (CONELL)
Continuing Professional Education Committee
Copyright Committee
Diversity & Inclusion Committee
Diversity & Inclusion Resource Guide
Economic Status of Law Librarians Committee
Emerging Leader Award Jury
Excellence in Community Engagement Jury
Executive Board Administration Committee
Executive Board Executive Committee
Executive Board Finance & Budget Committee
Executive Board Strategic Directions Committee
George A. Strait Scholarship & Fellows Committee
Government Relations Committee
Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity Awareness Special Committee
Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Editorial Advisory Board
Indexing of Periodical Literature Committee
Innovations in Technology Award Jury
Law Librarianship as a Career Guidance Review Special Committee
Law Library Journal Article of the Year Award Jury
Law Library Journal Editorial Board
Leadership Development Committee
LexisNexis Research Grant Jury
New Product Award Jury
Nominations Committee
Scholarship Awards Jury
State of the Profession Report Committee
State of the Profession Special Committee
Volunteer Service Award Jury
Staff
Contact Us
History
Past AALL Presidents
What We Do
Strategic Plan
Bylaws
Policies
Association Policies
AALL Advertising Policy
AALL Privacy Policy
AALL Spectrum Editorial Policy
AALLNET Linking Policy
Archives Policy
Annual Meeting Site Selection Policy
Collaborative Activities & Joint Agreements Policy
Conduct of Election Policy
Conflict of Interest Policy
Continuing Professional Education Policy
Copyright Policy
Endowment Fund Investment Policy
Executive Director Compensation Policy
Expense Reimbursement Policy
Financial Policies
Gift Acceptance Policy
Law Library Journal Editorial Policy
Meetings & Events Code of Conduct
Non-Discrimination Policy
Personnel Policies
Permanent Investment Fund Policy
Record Retention Policy
Social Media Policy
Speaking for AALL
Sponsorship Policy
Submission of Briefs Policy
Use of the American Association of Law Libraries’ Name Policy
Vendor Relations Policy
Whistleblower Protection Policy
Public Policies
Access to Legal Information
Appellate Court Libraries and State Law Libraries Standards
Competencies of Law Librarianship
County Public Law Library Standards
AALL Ethical Principles
AALL Government Relations Policy
AALL Preservation Policy
AALL Research Agenda 2013-2016
Resolutions
Resolution on the USA PATRIOT Act and Related Measures That Infringe on the Rights of Library Users
Resolution In Support of Full FY 1997 Appropriations for The Library of Congress
Resolution on U.S. Supreme Court Slip Opinions
Resolution on the Creation of a National Law Library
Resolution on FY 1998 Appropriations for the Federal Depository Library Program
Resolution Celebrating the Adoption of Texas’ Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act
Resolution on FY 1998 Appropriations for the Library of Congress
Resolution on the SUI Generis Protection of Databases
Resolution Celebrating the Adoption of Michigan’s Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act
Resolution Celebrating the Adoption of Iowa’s Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act
Resolution on the Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act
Resolution Celebrating the 75th Anniversary of the Federal Register Act
Resolution Submission Form
Resolution Submission Procedures
Resolution on the 103rd Annual Meeting & Conference
Resolution In Support of Full FY 1997 Superintendent of Documents Salaries and Expenses Appropriations
Resolution on Sustainability in Law Libraries
Resolution of the FCIL Schaffer Grant
Resolution on OCLC’s Policy for Use and Transfer of World Cat Records
Resolution In Memoriam of Robert L. Oakley
Resolution On No-fee FDLP Access To Pacer
Resolution on the 99th Annual Meeting and Conference
Resolution on the U.S. Congressional Serial Set and the Bound Congressional Record
Resolution In Support of Full FY 1996 Superintendent of Documents Salaries and Expenses Appropriations
Resolution on Telecommunications and the National Information Infrastructure
Resolution Opposing GPO’s Plan To Eliminate Important Titles in Print Prior to Establishing a Reliable Electronic System
Resolution on the 102nd Annual Meeting and Conference
Resolution on the 100th Anniversary of AALL
Resolution on Constitutional Amendments Defining Marriage
Press Room
AALL’S Anti-Racism, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Updates & Resources
COVID-19
News
RSS Feed Index
Last updated September 18, 2018
The American Association of Law Libraries and its affiliates (collectively “AALL”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how AALL collects, uses, and shares your information when you use and interact with our Services and applies to all persons who use our Services (“Users”). Our Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of all AALL operated and controlled websites including http://www.aallnet.org (the “Website”), all other publicly available online services controlled or provided by AALL (collectively, the “Services”).
If you have questions about AALL’s Privacy Policy or practices, or if you need to contact us about the information we collect about you, our contact information is at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Applicability & Eligibility
Applicability
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services, and AALL’s collection, use, disclosure, and protection of your data. It does not apply to third party websites, applications, or services.
Before accessing, using, or interacting with the Services you should carefully review the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Eligibility To Use The Services
The Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. You may not use the Services if you are under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16. If we learn that Personal Data of persons less than 16 years-of-age has been collected through our Site, we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under the age of 16 has posted, submitted or otherwise communicated Personal Data to our Site without your consent, then you may alert us at privacy@aall.org so that we may take appropriate action to remove the minor’s Personal Data from our systems.
Information Collection & Use
AALL collects data about you and your use of the Services (“Personal Data”) through various means, including when you provide information to us such as when you join, sign up for a membership, donate, register for events and webinars, purchase products from the store, and when we automatically collect information about you when you access, use, or interact with the Services. We use this information for a variety of different reasons, including to improve the Services and to tailor the Services to you.
AALL processes Personal Data collected through the Services on the lawful basis of legitimate interests to provide the Services to you. Such processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by AALL or by our Service Providers related to the Services.
The types of information AALL may collect about you include:
Information You Provide To Us
AALL Membership & Event Information: AALL collects certain Personal Data from you when you join the AALL or register for AALL events. “Personal Data” refers to information about you that may be used to identify you, such as your first name, last name, title, email address, phone number, and mailing address. AALL uses this information to provide your membership, register you for events, provide information about memberships and events, and administer your registrations with AALL.
AALL Account Information: AALL may require you to register for an account (an “AALL Account”) in order to use certain Services. We do not require you to register to use all of our Services. However if you do register for Services offering an AALL Account, you will gain access to those areas and features of the Services that require registration. AALL will collect certain information about you in connection with your registration for your AALL Account, which may include Personal Data and other information such as a username, password, personal profile, pictures, your location, and information about your contacts. Some of your AALL Account information may be displayed publicly. You are not required to provide your Personal Data; however, if you choose to withhold certain Personal Data, we may not be able to provide you with certain Services.
Payment Transaction Information: We may collect and store information related to purchases and donations made through the Services. You may provide certain information to complete payments via the Services, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address (collectively, “Payment Information“), along with your name and billing, delivery and shipping address, to complete payment transactions through certain Services.
Please note AALL works with Service Providers (as defined below) to handle payment transactions. AALL does not maintain your credit card or other financial account information; this information is handled for AALL by our Service Providers. You are subject to the Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions of our Service Providers when purchasing an AALL membership, shopping for AALL products, or making donations, the terms of which may differ from those of AALL for the AALL Services. Please review the Service Providers’ Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions before using their services.
Form Information: We may use online forms to request certain information from you in order to perform certain Services, such as your location to assist you in locating our products, or your contact information to assist with contacts or service requests. This information may include Personal Data.
Correspondence Information: If you sign up for a membership, attend a conference or event, email us, subscribe to our newsletters mailing lists, publications, or blogs, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your requests, provide the requested products or Services, and to provide notifications or other correspondences to you. If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, you may let us know by sending us an email or by writing to us at the address below. Please note requests to remove your email address from our lists may take some time to fulfill. We may also still contact you as needed to provide important announcements or notifications regarding the Services.
Support Information: You may provide information to us via a support request submitted through the Services. We will use this information to assist you with your support request and may maintain this information to assist you or other Users with support requests. Please do not submit any information to us via a support submission, including confidential or sensitive information that you do not wish for AALL or our Service Providers to have access to or use in the future.
Information We Collect Automatically
Cookies, Web Beacons, Links, And Other Tracking Technologies: AALL may keep track of how you use and interact with the Services through the use of cookies, web beacons, links, and other tracking technologies.  We do this to help analyze the use of and improve the Services. Through these technologies we may automatically collect information about your use of the Services and other online activities, including our email correspondences, third-party services, and client applications, and certain online activities after you leave the Services. Link information is generally only analyzed on an aggregate basis. Some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies. Such data may include analytics information, sites visited before visiting the Services, browser type, operating system, and tracking of your interactions with our content and emails.
Log File Information: When you use our Services, we may receive log file information such as your IP address, browser type, access times, domain names operating system, the referring web page(s), pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive log file data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, or interact with our email notifications. AALL uses log file data to provide, understand, and improve our Services, and to customize the content we show you. AALL may link this log file to other information AALL collects about you via the Services.
Public Information: AALL may also collect information about you from publicly available sources. Information you make publicly available in any public or open forum, such as on a social network, may be considered public information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, and may be accessed and collected by AALL. Please be aware that any content or information you share with or provide to third parties using or related to your use of the Services is neither private, nor confidential. AALL is not responsible for any content or information you post or share with third parties. If you do not wish for certain information to be public, please do not share it.
Information Sharing
AALL Personnel: AALL’s personnel may have access to your information as needed to provide and operate the Services in the normal course of business. This includes information regarding your use and interaction with the Services.
Service Providers: AALL works with various organizations and individuals to help provide the Services to you (“Service Providers“), such as website and data hosting companies and companies providing analytics information, like Google Analytics. We may share your personal information with our Service Providers for the purpose of providing the Services. The information we share to our Service Providers may include both information you provide to us and information we collect about you, including Personal Data and information from data collection tools like cookies, web beacons, log files, Unique Identifiers, and location data. AALL takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Service Providers are obligated to reasonably protect your information on AALL’s behalf. If AALL becomes aware that a Service Provider is using or disclosing information improperly, we will take commercially reasonable steps to end or correct such improper use or disclosure.
Business Transactions: AALL may purchase other businesses or their assets, sell our business assets, or be involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets (a “Business Transaction“). Your information, including Personal Data, may be among assets sold or transferred as part of a Business Transaction.
Lawful Requests: We may be required to disclose User information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We generally do not disclose User information unless we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards. We may share your information when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Services or using the AALL name, or to protect the safety of any person. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government agencies. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Your Rights and Choices Regarding Your Information
Your Rights
Relevant data protection laws provide you certain rights regarding the protection of your data, including:
the right to access – Upon request, AALL will confirm any processing of your Personal Data and, and provide you with a copy of that Personal Data in an acceptable machine-readable format;
the right to rectification – You have the right to have AALL correct any inaccurate Personal Data or to have AALL complete any incomplete Personal Data;
the right to erasure – You may ask the AALL to delete or remove your Personal Data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion).;
the right to restrict processing – You have the right to ask AALL to suppress the processing of your Personal Data but AALL may still store your Personal Data;
the right to object to processing – You have the right to object to your Personal Data used in the following manners: (a) processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); (b) direct marketing (including profiling); and (c) processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.;
the right to data portability – you have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform fulfillment of member benefits with you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.;
the right to complaint to a supervisory authority –   You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of Personal Data relating to you infringes upon your rights.; and
the right to withdraw consent – We rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent..
More information about your rights relating to AALL and the Services is provided via this Privacy Policy.
Access To The Information AALL Has Collected About You
AALL provides certain tools and settings within the Services to help you access, correct, delete, or modify your personal information associated with the Services.  AALL welcomes you to contact us regarding the information we have collected about you, including regarding the nature and accuracy of the data that has been collected about you, to request an update, modification, or deletion of your information, to opt-out of certain Services uses of your information, or to withdraw any consent you may have granted to AALL.
Please note requests to delete or remove your information do not necessarily ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted, and removed information may persist in backup copies indefinitely. Please note that if you choose to delete your information or opt-out of the collection and use of your information, you understand that certain features, including but not limited to access to the Services, may no longer be available to you.
We may store the information we collect about you indefinitely, but information generally will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected, or as otherwise required by law. Following termination or deactivation of an AALL Account, AALL may retain your information and content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and audit purposes.
Opting-Out Of Communications From AALL
Users may opt-out of receiving certain communications from AALL by following the unsubscribe process described in an email communication, or by contacting us using the contact information provided below. However, please note you may not opt-out of Services-related communications, such as account verification, changes or updates to features of the Services, or technical and security notices.
Do Not Track
AALL does not currently employ a process for automatically responding to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals sent by web browsers, mobile devices, or other mechanisms. Per industry standards, third parties may be able to collect information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use Services. You may opt out of online behavioral ads at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. You also may limit certain tracking by disabling cookies in your web browser.
Links to Third Party Sites and Services
The AALL website and its digital publications and communications provide links to content from third party websites, services and applications not operated by us. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement by us of the views, opinions, statements or content of these sites, services or applications nor any association with their operators. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of any information, opinion or content available through the AALL website, or any of its digital or print publications. AALL is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party including websites or services directly linked to by AALL. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party site that you link to from our website, digital publications or communications.
Information Security
Security Of Your Information
AALL takes reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. AALL implements security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with industry standards. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, AALL cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that personal information we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any information you transfer to or from Services is provided at your own risk.
Please do your part to help us keep your information secure. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and AALL Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or AALL Account. AALL specifically reserves the right to terminate your access to the Services and any contract you have with AALL related to the Services in the event it learns or suspects you have disclosed your AALL Account or password information to an unauthorized third party.
Additional Provisions Regarding The Services & Your Information
Transfer And Storage Of Your Information
Please note information AALL collects about you may be transferred, processed and/or accessed by us in the United States, or another country where we, or our Service Providers operate. Please be aware Personal Data may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state or country where privacy laws may differ from and may not be as protective as those where you live. If you are located outside the United States and choose to allow us to collect information about you, please be aware that AALL may transfer your Personal Data to the United States and process and store it there.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information to a country or jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of Service Providers, also as disclosed.
Website Hosting: AALL works with Matrix Group International, Inc as its web hosting services provider. Matrix Group International, Inc is located Arlington, Virginia and the Website are stored by Amazon Web Services in AWS US-East (N. Virginia). AALL shares your data, including Personal Data, with our website hosting Service Provider for the purposes of processing your data pursuant to your use of the Services.
Data Hosting: AALL works with Matrix Group International, Inc as its data hosting services provider. Matrix Group International, Inc is located Arlington, Virginia and AALL’s data are stored by Amazon Web Services in AWS US-East (N. Virginia). AALL shares your data, including Personal Data, with our website hosting Service Provider for the purposes of processing your data pursuant to your use of the Services.
Safely Using AALL’s Services
Despite AALL’s safety and privacy controls, we cannot guarantee the Services are entirely free of illegal, offensive, pornographic, or otherwise inappropriate material, or that you will not encounter inappropriate or illegal conduct from other Users when using the Services. You can help AALL by notifying us of any unwelcome contact by contacting us using the information below.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the “Shine the Light” law), AALL members and customers who are residents of California may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the address below or at privacy@aall.org with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will comply with your request within thirty (30) days or as otherwise required by the statute. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
AALL may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of this Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be located at https://www.aallnet.org/about-us/what-we-do/policies/association-policies/aallnet-privacy-policy/. You may contact us to obtain prior versions.
Contact AALL
American Association of Law Libraries
105 West Adams Street, Suite 3300
Chicago, IL 60603
privacy@aall.org