https://www.foreverbridal.net/terms-and-privacy/
Home
Terms of Use & Privacy
These “Terms of Use” set forth the terms and conditions that apply to your use of www.foreverandcompany.com (the “Web Site”). By using the Web Site, you agree to comply with all of the Terms of Use set forth herein. The right to use the Web Site is personal to you and is not transferable to any other person or entity.
Copyrights and Trademarks
A. All materials contained on the Web Site are Copyright August 1st, 2006, 2020. Forever and Company, LLC. All rights reserved.
B. No person is authorized to use, copy or distribute any portion the Web Site including related graphics.
C. Forever and Company, LLC and other trademarks and/or service marks (including logos and designs) found on the Web Site are trademarks/service marks that identify Forever and Company, LLC and the goods and/or services provided by Forever and Company, LLC. Such marks may not be used under any circumstances without the prior written authorization of Forever and Company, LLC.
Links to Third-Party Web Site
Forever and Company LLC may provide hyperlinks to third-party web sites as a convenience to users of the Web Site. Forever and Company, LLC does not control third-party web sites and is not responsible for the contents of any linked-to, third-party web sites or any hyperlink in a linked-to web site. Forever and Company, LLC does not endorse, recommend or approve any third-party web site hyperlinked from the Web Site. Forever and Company, LLC will have no liability to any entity for the content or use of the content available through such hyperlink.
No Representations or Warranties; Limitations on Liability
The information and materials on the Web Site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the information contained herein. Forever and Company, LLC makes no representations or warranties with respect to any information, materials or graphics on the Web Site, all of which is provided on a strictly “as is’ basis, without warranty of any kind and hereby expressly disclaims all warranties with regard to any information, materials or graphics on the Web Site, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Under no circumstances shall the Site owner or publisher be liable under any theory or recovery, at law or in equity, for any damages, including without limitation, special, direct, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (including, but not limited to loss of use or loss profits) arising out of or in any manor connected with the use of information or services, or the failure to provide information or services, from the Web Site.
Changes to these Terms of Use
Forever and Company, LLC reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time by posting new Terms of Use at this location. You can send e-mail to Forever and Company, LLC  with any questions relating to these Terms of Use at info@foreverandcompany.com.
Privacy Policy/Right to Contact
Forever and Company, LLC collects data from registrants and ticket purchasers.  By registering or purchasing tickets on our site, you are agreeing that information you provide, with the exception of credit card data, may be administered to the affiliates of Forever and Company, LLC including but not limited to our exhibitors, web site advertisers and/or sponsors. Forever and Company, LLC will not make this information available to non-affiliates. Registrants and ticket purchasers have the ability to opt out at any given time via the registrants’ account or such notice may be sent via email to info@foreverandcompany.com.
Refund/Return Policy for On-Line Tickets
Forever and Company, LLC provides a discount for tickets purchased online. We do not offer any refund or return allowance for online tickets. All such sales are final.
Refund/Return Policy for Purchased Items
Clothing items purchased can be returned within 30 days of purchase for a refund minus a restocking fee of 15% of purchase price contingent upon item is in new unworn condition.
Products purchased online may be returned within 30 days of purchase for a refund minus a restocking fee of 15% of purchase price contingent upon item being unused. Product may be exchanged for an item of equivalent value, purchaser is responsible for shipping on returned items.
VIP Packages are customized by the buyer and therefore all sales are final, no refunds or returns on this item. VIP Package must be picked up at the show, failure options are: to arrange a pick up at corporate office in Raleigh or pay to have item shipped.
Shipping Policy
Event Tickets purchased online are immediately available for download upon the completion of check-out. Tickets will be provided to the purchaser’s own printer or smartphone via email link. No shipping by conventional means is applicable for Event Tickets and/or VIP Packages. Other purchased items will be shipped within 5 business days of original purchase.
Photography and Video Usage
At our events, professional photography and video activities are conducted. As an attendee of such event, your likeness may be captured and possibly appear in the resulting photos or videos that  may be used in connection with Forever and Company, LLC Wedding Shows advertising, blogging, reporting, entertainment or other activities. Entry into the show and/or purchase of your admission ticket constitutes your consent for show management to use said pictures and videos without compensation.
Release and Waiver of Liability
relating to coronavirus/covid-19
COVID-19, has been declared a worldwide pandemic by the World Health Organization (WHO). COVID-19 is reported to be extremely contagious. The state of medical knowledge continues to evolve, but the virus is believed to spread through airborne particles, person-to-person contact, and contact with contaminated surfaces and objects. People can be infected and show no symptoms and therefore spread the disease. To date, there is no known treatment, cure, or vaccine for COVID-19. Evidence has shown that COVID-19 can cause serious and potentially life threatening illness and even death.
Forever and Company, LLC cannot prevent you from becoming exposed to, contracting, or spreading COVID-19 while attending any of our events. It is not possible to prevent the presence of the disease at events open to the public. Therefore, if you choose to attend events sponsored, organized, or presented by Forever and Company, LLC you may be exposing yourself to and/or increasing your risk of contracting or spreading COVID-19.
Assumption of Risk
By purchasing a ticket and/or attending an event produced by Forever and Company, LLC, you understand the risks associated with being in a public space with the potential that a contagious virus may be present. You hereby choose to accept the risk of contracting COVID-19 in order to attend said event.
Waiver of Lawsuit/Liability
I hereby release and waive my right to assert a claim or bring suit against Forever and Company, LLC, including its officers, directors, managers, officials, trustees, agents, employees, or other representatives, with regard to injury, death and/or sickness in connection with exposure, infection, and/or spread of COVID-19 related to attending a Forever and Company, LLC event(s). I understand that this release and waiver means I give up my right to bring any claims including for personal injuries, death, disease or property losses, or any other loss, including but not limited to claims of negligence, including the sole negligence of Forever and Company, LLC and give up any claim I may have to seek damages, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen. I understand and agree that the law of the State of North Carolina will apply to this release and waiver.