https://www.ladieswholaunch.org/privacy-policy
INSPIRATION
EDUCATION
COMMUNITY
ABOUT
Launch Program
Back
Program Recipients
Member Page
Ladies Who Launch Privacy PolicyEffective Date: August 1, 2020In this Privacy Policy, we describe how Ladies Who Launch (“LWL,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, and discloses your information. We also describe the rights and choices you have regarding our use of your information.This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we collect through our website(s), including but not limited to https://www.ladieswholaunch.org/, event platforms (Eventbrite, Hopin), social media, and any other resources we make available. We refer to our websites, social media, and these resources in this Privacy Policy as “Resources”.By accessing, interacting with, or using (collectively, “use”) our Resources, you acknowledge and agree that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, please do use our Resources.Our address is 505 Sansome Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111 – if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please email us hello@ladieswholaunch.org.1. INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe obtain a variety of information from and about you as you use our Resources. Please note that we need certain types of information to be able to provide the Resources to you. If you do not provide us with certain information or opt out of certain communications from us, you may no longer be able to use or fully enjoy some of our Resources.Information You Provide to UsWe collect information directly from you through your use of our Resources. For example, we collect information from:Your communications with us (including through third-party social media sites and by email)Your feedback, reviews, comments, and other posts to our ResourcesYour requests for support and assistanceWe will collect any information that you choose to provide to us. The information we collect generally includes your name and email address, but may include other types of information as we’ll discuss further below.Information We Automatically CollectWhen you use our Resources, we collect certain information automatically as described in this section. We and our service providers (which are third-party companies that provide services on our behalf) may use a variety of technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information. You can learn more about our use of cookies and similar tools in the “Cookies and Similar Technologies” section below.When you access our Resources, we may collect and analyze information such as your IP address, browser characteristics, device IDs, operating system, the state or country from which you accessed the Resources, the number of clicks, files you download, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Resources, language preferences, and other similar information. This information allows us to give you access to content that varies based on your general location. You can disable geo-location tracking on your device. For more information, see the “Your Rights Regarding Your Information” and “Marketing Choices” sections below.Information We Collect from Other Content Providers or Social Media PlatformsWhen you “like” or “follow” us on Facebook, Instagram, or other social media sites, we may collect some information from you including your name, e-mail address, and any comments or content you post. We also collect your information if you apply for, register, or sign up to one of our promotions, programs, or otherwise submit information to us through our Resources.2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe and our service providers use the information described above to:Administer your account, including to process your registration and verify your informationProvide, enhance, and manage our Resources, including by providing content recommendations and personalizing the content you seeRespond to your requests for informationConduct internal business operations in support of our ResourcesReview and process applications, such as for grant programs and open positions within our organizationContact you about our Resources, programs, events, surveys, promotions, and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you from Ladies Who Launch or our brand partner offerings and eventsAdd you to our bi-weekly newsletter - you have the option to unsubscribe anytime through this link Comply with laws, regulations, and other legal processes and proceduresEstablish, exercise, or defend our legal rightsPlease note that we may combine the information we collect through our Resources with information that we collect automatically or receive from other sources and use such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.3. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIESTo collect the information in the “Information We Automatically Collect” section above, we and our service providers may use Internet server logs, cookies, tags, tracking pixels, and other similar tracking technologies:A web server log is a file where website activity is storedA cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website, and it enables us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Resources you have visited; (iv) enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions.Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads, and/or email that are designed to: (i) collect usage information like clicks and email open rates; (ii) measure popularity of the Resources; and (iii) access user cookies.If and when we use these technologies, we do so in order to offer you a more tailored experience by understanding and remembering your particular browsing preferences. As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather information through other methods.Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g., Internet Explorer; Google Chrome; Mozilla Firefox; or Apple Safari). Please note that by blocking, disabling, or managing any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of our Resources.4. ONLINE ANALYTICSWe may use third-party web analytics services (such as Google Analytics) on our Resources to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar tools; engage in auditing, research, or reporting; assist with fraud prevention; and provide certain features to you. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here.If you receive email from us, we may use certain analytics tools, such as tracking pixels, to capture data such as when you open an email we have sent to you or click on any links or banners our email contains. This data allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns.Notice Concerning Do Not TrackDo Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third-party purposes, which is why we describe a variety of opt-out mechanisms above. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals. Learn more about Do Not Track.5. HOW WE SHARE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATIONWe and our service providers will share the information we collect from and about you as detailed in “Information We Collect” section above in the following ways:Service Providers. We provide access to or share your information with select third parties who perform services on our behalf, such as marketing, advertising, analytics, research, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.Protection of LWL and Others. By using the Resources, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with law or legal process (e.g., a subpoena or court order); (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you; (iii) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; and/or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of LWL, its agents, and/or the public. Your Consent. If you have consented to our sharing of your information, we will also share your information consistent with your consent.6. RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe keep your information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.7. THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND FEATURESThe Resources may contain links to third-party websites or plug-ins (e.g., Facebook), or allow you to integrate with third-party services (“Third-Party Services”). If you choose to use Third-Party Services, you may disclose your information not just to those third parties, but also to their users and the public more generally depending on how their services function and we are not responsible for the content or practices of such third parties. The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of these Third-Party Services, and not this Privacy Policy. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of these third parties to understand their practices.8. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATIONYou may have certain rights with respect to your information depending on where you reside and, to the extent we are subject to any legal requirements related to your information, we will comply with our obligations. Please note your rights vary depending upon your location, and that we may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request as required or permitted by applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.9. MARKETING CHOICESIf we are legally permitted to send you marketing communications in your jurisdiction (based on our relationship with you, your consent, or applicable law), you may opt-out of promotional communications by following the instructions located at the bottom of marketing emails we send to you. Please note that, regardless of your request, we may still use and share certain information as permitted by this Privacy Policy or as required by applicable law. For example, you may not opt-out of certain operational emails, such as those reflecting our relationship or transactions with you.10. INTERNATIONAL USERSLWL is located in the United States and is subject to U.S. law. If you are accessing our Resources from outside the United States, please be advised that U.S. law may not offer the same privacy protections as the laws in your jurisdiction. By accessing and using the Resources, you agree to the transfer to and processing of your information in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy.11. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATIONWe take measures to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access. However, no method of transmission over the internet, and no means of electronic or physical storage, is absolutely secure. By using our Resources, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to, through, or on our Resources and that any such transmission is at your own risk.12. GRANT APPLICATIONSWe may, from time to time, offer programs through our Resources that allow you to apply for a grant or another form of support. As part of the application process, we collect a variety of information, including your contact information and other data that will allow us to assess the eligibility of your application. We will use and share the information you provide through this process only for application evaluation purposes.13. EMPLOYMENT APPLICATIONSOur Resources may contain careers sections that allow you to apply for employment or other open positions at LWL. As part of the recruitment process, we will collect a variety of information, including your contact information and your job qualifications. We will use and share the information you provide through the recruitment process only to evaluate whether you might be a fit for an open position.14. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through our Resources, so you should review the Privacy Policy periodically. You can know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make a change to this Privacy Policy that materially alters your privacy rights, we will provide you with notice in accordance with legal requirements. By continuing to use our Resources, you are confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Policy.