http://www.angelcovers.org/privacy-policy/
Please upgrade your browserVisit browsehappy.com
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is https://angelcovers.org.
Angel Covers is committed to protecting your privacy.  We value your support and partnership and work hard to maintain your trust and support.  The following outlines the policies surrounding the collection and use of data on the Angel Covers website.
Personal Data
Angel Covers collects names and addresses for the purpose of shipping products that have been ordered.  Addresses may be collected when donations are made, specifically in cases where donors may need to be contacted for information surrounding a project.  Angel Covers also collects e-mail addresses for the purpose of contacting customers and donors.
Data Sharing
Angel Covers does not share personal data that is collected with any other organization.  Joint fundraisers with other organizations may require the sharing of limited data for the shipping of items or contact for information.  In these cases, any data that is shared is limited to only what is necessary for the other organization to complete its portion of the fundraiser.
Links
Angel Covers links to many other websites.  Angel Covers does not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of other sites.  Please be aware of when you leave Angel Covers’ website and know that our privacy policies no longer apply.
Choice
Angel Covers sends organizational updates via e-mail to customers, donors or others that opt-in to receive these updates.  All updates via e-mail from Angel Covers will contain a link allowing you to unsubscribe from any future updates.
Web Statistics
Angel Covers collects statistical information on website usage that contains IP addresses.  IP addresses are not linked with any personal data that is collected.  IP addresses are used to track users movements through the website, to help Angel Covers develop the most effective programs, products, and advertising that will allow us to accomplish our mission.
Cookies
Angel Covers does not use any cookies for the collection of data.  Cookies may be accessed after purchase or donation by Google for ad tracking.
Security
Angel Covers uses only secure pages protected by SSL encryption for any online payment or donation options. No credit card information is stored by Angel Covers either physically or electronically. Volunteers are unable to access credit card information for any donors. All volunteers sign a confidentiality agreement.
Notification of Changes
Angel Covers does not send out any notification of updates to our privacy policy.  Any deviations from this privacy policy will be noted on the website at the location that the use of personal information differs from this policy.  Website users will be notified of major changes to our privacy policy through a notification on the home page of the website.
Questions or comments
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this website you can contact:Kari Fillmore,Director – Angel Coverskari@angelcovers.org
Home
Donate
How To Help
Fundraise
Volunteer
Sponsor
Shop For Us
Our Programs
GATE
Humble Hearts
Trade School
Mama’s Wish
About Us
Board of Directors
Staff
News & Blog
FAQ
Contact