http://www.showevent.com/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
NEW DATES: Take notice.
Jenks Productions, LLC.
205 East High Street
East Hampton, CT 06424
Phone: 860.918.0891
Toll Free: 877.721.0628
MA Office: 508.362.2745
Direct Fax:
860.529.7418
General Information & Sales:
Contact Us
Designed & Developed by:Infotree Web Services
December 11, 2020
Exhibitor/Vendor Booth Sign Up Here
Show Schedule
Event Management
Sponsor Opps
Kudos
Login
Email Address
Password
Not yet registered?
Register here.
Bridal Registry
Resources
Exhibition and Trade Show Management
WE'LL SHOW YOU THE WAY!!!
Please fill out the formbelow for moreinformation aboutShow Event.
-- Type of Show --
Bridal Shows
Home Shows
Pet Shows
Kids' Fairs
Comments
Connect with me on the following sites:
Privacy Policy
Overall Policy
Privacy is of great concern to Showevent. We try to extend to our Web site visitors the same level of privacy that we demand from other Web sites.
We will not sell, trade, exchange or otherwise make available any personally identifiable information to any other company or organization not directly affiliated with Showevent.
Traffic Analysis
Showevent uses software programs to analyze traffic to this Web site. These programs collect aggregate data, not personal information.
Email
Showevent may offer visitors the ability to sign up for e-mail newsletters and announcements. We will never sell your e-mail address or share it with anyone else not directly affiliated with the Showevent.
Cookies
Showevent uses cookies on this Web site, but only in relation to log analysis, forms completion, and to aid in your ease of use. We do not track individual users.
Forms
Inquiry forms, such as information requests, or site registration, collect information that is securely stored and that will only be used to direct you to the resources you seek. This may include follow up by one of our associates to answer questions you may have. You may elect, at anytime, to opt out of future communications at any time by contacting charlee@showevent.com
Links to Other Sites
The Showevent Web site contains links to other Web sites & Internet resources. Showevent is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other Web sites & Internet resources.
Questions & Concerns
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to charlee@showevent.com.
©copyright 1999-2020 Privacy Policy