http://www.dva.wa.gov/privacy-policy-disclaimer
Skip to main content
COVID-19
Get latest updates, multilingual resources, and details of Gov. Inslee's Stay Home, Stay Healthy order: Coronavirus.wa.gov
WDVA COVID-19 Updates for State Veterans Homes, THP, and WDVA Offices
Services available during COVID-19 Central Office is video, phone, and email appointments only.  1-800-562-2308 or benefits@dva.wa.gov
State Veterans Cemetery in Medical Lake, Wreaths Across America Update:
WDVA wishes to thank the many corporate, non-profit, and individual sponsors for generously donating wreaths, and the volunteer organizations who selflessly coordinate the countless number of detail in order to remember and honor our departed veterans each year.
Due to the ongoing pandemic and in adherence to state and local restrictions, there will be no public ceremony this year.  Families who purchased a wreath, wishing to place one a loved one's grave site may do so December 14th - 17th between 12 - 3 pm.  Thank you all for your understanding.
Home
For Veterans & their Families
Counseling & Wellness
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
Contractor Forms
Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)
Suicide Prevention and Support
Veterans Conservation Corps Program
Internships
Veteran Farm At Orting
Vet Corps
Veterans Peer Corps
Veterans Training Support Center (VTSC)
Service and Companion Animals
Cemetery
Cemetery Events
Donations for Cemetery
Veterans Benefits
Education & Training
Employment
Housing Resources
Free or Reduced Rate Passes & Tax Exemptions
Reentry Program & Vet Court
Veterans Estate Management Program
Veterans In-State Service Shared Leave Program
Claims Assistance
License Plates
Financial Assistance
Homeless Veterans Program (HVRP)
Transitional Housing
Veterans Homes
Washington Soldiers Home Orting
Washington Veterans Home Port Orchard
Spokane Veterans Home
Walla Walla Veterans Home
Transitional Housing Program
Volunteers
Donations to Veterans Homes
Veteran Businesses
Search for Veteran Owned Businesses
VOB Decal
Linked Deposit
Veteran Business Resources
State Agency Reporting Information
Women Veterans
Families & Spouses
Veterans Records
Councils & Committees
Governor's Veterans Affairs Advisory Committee (VAAC)
Women Veterans Advisory Committee (WVAC)
Washington State Military Transition and Readiness Council (WSMTRC)
WSMTRC Membership
WSMTRC Veteran Transition Data
WSMTRC Strategic Priorities
WSMTRC Resources
WSMTRC Communities of Practice
WSMTRC Background
WA Veterans Employee Resource Group (VERG)
Veterans Legislative Coalition (VLC)
About WDVA
Bios
Contact Us
Employment at WDVA
Laws & Legislation
State Laws Affecting Veterans (RCWs)
Washington Administrative Codes (WACs) / Rulemaking
Memorials
Public Disclosure
WDVA News
Resources
County Map
Statistics
Brochures and Newsletters
Federal VA Benefits
Benefits by State
Document Repository
Videos
Calendar
Home
Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
PRIVACY NOTICE
Thank you for visiting the Washington State Department of Veterans Affairs website and reviewing our Internet Privacy Notice. This statement notice addresses information that may be obtained by us through your use of our website. The following topics are covered:
Information Collected and How It is Used
Personal Information and Choice
Public Access to Information
Cookies and Applets
Security
Disclaimer
Information Collected and How It is Used
Information collected if you only browse this site
During your visit to our website, if you do nothing more than browse, read pages, or download information, we collect or store no information from you or about you.
We do have access to site usage statistics provided by our Internet Service Provider that we use to measure which site pages are visited the most often and when. WDVA analyzes these website statistics to determine how our website is being used, so that we may continually improve the site's usefulness to the public. WDVA does not collect or store any information that can be used to identify or profile an individual, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, cookies, referring sites, etc.
What we collect if you volunteer information
If you send us email:
If you send us an email, we will collect the email address and the contents of the email. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include any audio, video, and graphic information formats you send us.
We use your email to respond appropriately. This may be to respond to you, to address issues you may identify, to further improve our website, or to forward the email to another agency for appropriate action.
If you fill out a contact us form on this site:
This site contains forms for requesting information or assistance from our office. Information provided on these forms is used to process your request. Any information that you give to us will not be sold, rented, or leased to third parties. We strongly urge you to not submit sensitive personal information on these forms online.
All of the information collected at this site becomes a public record that may be subject to inspection and copying by members of the public, unless an exemption or other protection in the law exists. (Please see "Public Access to Information" section below).
Personal Information and Choice
You may choose whether to provide personal information on-line
"Personal information" is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual's name, social security number, address, and phone number. A domain name or Internet Protocol address is not considered personal information.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us by sending us an email or you provide it on a contact us form.
If you volunteer personal information, state law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information is a public record once you provide it, and if it is not protected by an exemption from the Public Disclosure Law, RCW 42.17 or other state law it may be subject to public inspection and copying, if not protected by federal or state law.
You are always welcome to browse our site and you are not required to contact us by email or submit contact us forms online.
If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact WDVA as shown in the Contact Information Section of this statement notice.
You are cautioned that the collection of personal information requested from, or volunteered by, children on-line or by email will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and may be subject to public access.
Public Access to Information
In the State of Washington, laws exist to ensure that government is open and accessible to citizens. This means that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government. At the same time, there are exceptions to the public's right to access public records that serve various public policy objectives and needs, including the privacy of individuals. Exceptions are provided by both state and federal laws.
All of the information collected at this site becomes a public record that may be subject to inspection and copying by members of the public, unless an exemption or other protection in the law exists. RCW 42.17. 260(1) states that
Each agency, in accordance with published rules, shall make available for public inspection and copying all public records, unless the record falls within the specific exemptions of subsection (6) of this section [RCW 42.17.260(6)], RCW 42.17.310, 42.17.315, or other statute which exempts or prohibits disclosure of specific information or records. To the extent required to prevent an unreasonable invasion of personal privacy interests protected by RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315, an agency shall delete identifying details in a manner consistent with RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315 when it makes available or publishes any public record; however, in each case, the justification for the deletion shall be explained fully in writing.
In the event of a conflict between this Internet Privacy Notice and the Public Records Disclosure Act or other law governing the agency's disclosure of records, the Public Records Disclosure Act or other applicable law will control.
Cookies and Applets
This website makes limited use of "cookies" to better serve visitors to the site. Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer by your Web browser. They provide a method of distinguishing among visitors to the WDVA website.
Cookies created on your computer by using this website do not contain personally identifying information and do not compromise your privacy or security. We use the cookie feature only to store a randomly generated identifying tag on your computer. You can refuse the cookie or delete the cookie file from your computer by using any of the widely available methods.
This site does not currently require any special applets to enhance the browsing experience.
Security
WDVA, as developer and manager of this website, has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its data and prevent unauthorized access to information maintained by our Office. These measures are designed and intended to prevent corruption of data, block unknown or unauthorized access to our systems and information, and to provide reasonable protection of private information in our possession.
This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided via WDVA.
Disclaimer
WDVA’s website has many links to other websites. These include links to websites operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private businesses. When you link to another site, you are no longer on the WDVA website and this Internet Privacy Notice will not apply. When you link to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
Neither the State of Washington, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the State of Washington warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by this system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at their own risk.