http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1998/03.98
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 March 1998
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York City; Otis
R. Damslet, Esq., New York City; Leslie S. Deutsch, Esq., New York
City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New
York City; Arthur J. Levy, Esq., Brooklyn, New York; Mark Major,
Esq., Long Island, New York; Seth M. Rosen, NY Law School Student,
New York City; K. Jacob Ruppert, Esq., Queens, New York; Daniel R
Schaffer, New York City; Paul Twarog, Esq., New York City; Dirk
Williams, Esq., Boston, Massachusetts; Robert Wintemute, Esq.,
King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1998 by the LeGaL Foundation of the Lesbian & Gay Law
Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
CINCINNATI ISSUE 3 UPHELD AGAIN; POSSIBLE SUPREME COURT REVIEW TO
FOLLOW
A sharply divided 6th Circuit Court of Appeals has refused to
reconsider a 1997 panel decision that upheld the constitutionality
of Cincinnati (Ohio) Issue 3, a charter measure virtually identical
to Colorado Amendment 2, that was enacted by city voters in 1993.
_Equality Foundation of Greater Cincinnati v. City of Cincinnati_,
75 Fair Emp. Prac. Cas. (BNA) 1763, 1998 U.S.App. LEXIS 1763 (Feb.
5).
Opponents of Issue 3 will petition the Supreme Court for
certiorari.
This could be the Court's first opportunity to expound
on the meaning of its landmark equal protection ruling in _Romer v.
Evans_, 116 S.Ct. 1620 (1996).
Issue 3 amended Cincinnati's charter to prohibit the use of the
city's human rights ordinance in cases of anti-gay discrimination,
and to prohibit the city from adopting any policy or taking any
action that would accord civil rights protection to individuals
because of their homosexuality.
Issue 3 was challenged in court
before it could go into effect, and held unconstitutional by a
federal district judge, following the lead of the Colorado Supreme
Court in the Amendment 2 case, _Evans v. Romer_. _Equality
Foundation of Greater Cincinnati, Inc. v. City of Cincinnati_, 860
F.Supp. 417 (S.D.Ohio 1994) (permanent injunction), 838 F.Supp.
1235 (S.D.Ohio 1993) (preliminary injunction).
That decision was
reversed by a 6th Circuit panel, which held, in effect, that
homosexuality is a behavior rather than a status and that,
consequently, on a theory derived from _Bowers v. Hardwick_, 478
U.S. 186 (1986), there could be no cognizable equal protection
claim on behalf of a class of lesbian, gay and bisexual persons.
_Equality Foundation of Greater Cincinnati, Inc. v. City of
Cincinnati, 54 F.3d 261 (6th Cir. 1995).
Shortly after issuing its decision in _Romer v. Evans_, the Supreme
Court granted certiorari in _Equality Foundation_, vacated the 6th
Circuit's decision, and remanded for reconsideration in light of
_Romer_.
116 S.Ct. 2519 (1996).
Dissenting from this decision,
Justice Antonin Scalia (joined by Chief Justice Rehnquist and
Justice Thomas) argued that a city ordinance is sufficiently
distinguishable from a state constitutional amendment to remove the
flaws the majority of the Court had found in the Colorado measure.
Perhaps not surprisingly in light of its consistently dismissive
approach to lesbian and gay constitutional claims, on remand the
6th Circuit panel reiterated its earlier ruling, crafting an
opinion based on Justice Scalia's dissent.
_Equality Foundation of
Greater Cincinnati, Inc. v. City of Cincinnati_, 128 F.3d 289 (6th
Cir. 1997).
The plaintiffs petitioned for rehearing en banc.
Since a majority of the 15 judges of the circuit expressed no
interesting in granting en banc rehearing, the case was returned to
the three-judge panel, which issued a three-sentence decision, in
effect stating that the panel believed it had already dealt with
all the issue raised in the petition, and thus was denying the
petition.
However, Circuit Judge Danny J. Boggs, who was not on the panel,
was moved to append a separate concurrence, appropriating and
embellishing Scalia's arguments to justify upholding the
constitutionality of Issue 3.
In essence, Boggs argued that under
our federal system there are two types of sovereign bodies: the
federal government and the state governments, and that _Romer_'s
holding, in its essence, was that a _state government_ "may not be
structured so as to uniquely burden the ability of gays (or members
of other non-suspect classes) to participate in the political life
of the sovereign absent a demonstrable, rational reason for doing
so."
On the other hand, Boggs argued, a city such as Cincinnati is
not a sovereign body; it has limited legislative authority under a
home rule statute, delegated to it by the state.
Thus, a city
charter amendment precluding anti-discrimination protection for
gays does not violate _Romer_, because the ability of gay people in
Cincinnati to appeal to the sovereign (the state of Ohio) for
assistance is in no way impaired by the purely local enactment.
Boggs opined that Issue 3 "merely reflects the kind of social and
political experimentation that is such a common characteristic of
city government," and that it places gay people who reside or work
in Cincinnati in no worse a position than the gay people who live
in those Colorado municipalities that have not passed gay rights
laws.
Boggs insisted that gay Cincinnatians have only to mount a
successful campaign to get the charter amendment removed, and thus
are not restricted in their political participation.
Further,
rejecting the argument that there is no rational basis for Issue 3,
Boggs parades hypothetical examples of gay citizens who might favor
Issue 3 for a variety of personal economic or ideological
interests, including the gay job-seeker who might fear that he
would be less employable under a gay rights law because employers
would be afraid of hiring somebody whose discharge was likely to
lead to a discrimination complaint.
Circuit Judge Gilman wrote a sharply worded dissenting opinion,
joined by five other judges of the circuit, asserting that the
panel opinion "conflicts with the Supreme Court's decision. . . ."
"On remand," Gilman observed, "the panel sought to distinguish
_Romer_ on a number of grounds, each of which ultimately had its
genesis in the rationale proffered by _dissenting_ justices in the
order remanding this case for further consideration. . .
As a
majority of the Supreme Court obviously did not share the views of
the dissent, using the dissent's rationale is itself suspect.
Moreover, the distinctions drawn by the dissent and later
articulated by the panel appear to be either refuted by the facts
or the principle of law announced in _Romer_."
Gilman pointed out that by focusing on the political process
aspects of the case, the panel had missed the point of the Supreme
Court's _Romer_ decision.
While the Colorado Supreme Court had
treated this as a political process case, the Supreme Court had
focused on the naked discrimination, finding virtually a per se
equal protection problem raised by Amendment 2 (of which Issue 3 is
almost a carbon copy).
Gilman pointed out that the Equal
Protection Clause applies to local no less than state governments,
and so found the panel's purported distinction to be "of no
controlling significance for purposes of the Equal Protection
Clause._
"Whether or not we agree with the majority decision in _Romer_, we
are of course obligated by law to give rulings of the Supreme Court
full force and effect," concluded Gilman.
"We believe the panel
decision in this case draws `distinctions without a difference' and
fails to abide by the key ruling in _Romer_ that `A law declaring
that in general it shall be more difficult for one group of
citizens than for all others to seek aid from the government is
itself a denial of equal protection of the laws in the most literal
sense.' 116 S.Ct. at 1628."
We are advised that counsel for Equality Foundation immediately
began drafting their petition for certiorari.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
New York High Court Upholds Sex Business Zoning Law
By a vote of 6-0, the N.Y. Court of Appeals ruled Feb. 24 that a
New York City ordinance intended sharply to reduce the presence of
sex-related businesses in many neighborhoods does not violate the
constitutional right of freedom of expression.
The decision in
_Stringfellow's of New York v. City of New York_,1998 WL 77749,
gives the green light to the administration of Mayor Rudolph
Giuliani to begin enforcement of an ordinance passed in October
1995 after several years of study, debate and agitation.
The use of the city's Zoning Regulation to force a reduction in the
presence of "adult" businesses in residential areas was a major
component of Giuliani's quality of life initiative.
The mayor
argued that the presence of sex-related businesses, and especially
their rapidly increasing presence in residential neighborhoods, had
a negative effect on the city, both in depressing real estate
values and in drawing ancillary street crime that, it was asserted,
is attracted by such businesses.
The City Planning Commission,
various community boards, and the City Council performed studies
and conducted hearings, ultimately generating a substantial volume
of documentation on the effects of such businesses.
At the same
time, the City Planning Commission generated a zoning map that, it
argued, eliminated the presence of such businesses from residential
areas while leaving sufficient areas so that sex-related businesses
could continue to operate in a manner accessible to their potential
customers.
The final plan was the subject of vigorous debate and criticism,
especially from civil libertarians and some activists in the
lesbian and gay community, who saw the new zoning regulations as
part of an over-all crackdown on gay street life in the city.
Under the regulations, several areas where gay sex-related
businesses had clustered, especially in the West Village, would be
zoned against such uses, which would be exiled to marginal
riverfront and heavy industrial areas.
The regulation requires
that, even when located in areas zoned for adult uses, such
businesses may be no closer together than 500 feet, and also must
be located more than 500 feet from a church or school.
Because the
commercial and residential areas of the city are closely
interwoven, the ordinance will effectively isolate sex-related
businesses in waterfront or heavily industrial areas, very much
off-the-beaten-path and hidden from the view of the casual tourist
or business visitor to the city.
The litigation, brought by three plaintiff groups including one
group of sex-business patrons, was filed in state court, removed by
the City to federal court, but remanded back to state court again
on the plaintiff's petition, perhaps in recognition that the New
York state courts have for several decades taken a broader view of
the protection for free expression under the state constitution
than the federal courts have taken under the 1st amendment, thereby
making it efficient to have the state courts take first crack at
the issue.
Nonetheless, the trial court in Manhattan upheld the
regulation on summary judgement, the Appellate Division in the 1st
Department affirmed, and the Court of Appeals has now concurred.
In a decision by Judge Vito Titone, one of the court's most liberal
members (author of the famous _Braschi_ decision recognizing gay
partners as family members, who recently announced he will be
retiring this spring well before the end of his current term), the
court apparently found this case easy to decide in light of its
prior decision upholding similar zoning regulations in _Town of
Islip v. Caviglia_, 73 N.Y.2d 544 (1989).
In that case, the court
established a three-part test to determine the constitutionality of
zoning regulations challenged under art. I, sec. 8 of the NY
Constitution (the analogue to the federal 1st Amendment).
First,
the ordinance's purpose must be unrelated to suppression of speech;
second, the regulation must be no broader than necessary to achieve
its non-speech related purpose; third, the regulation must leave
reasonable alternative avenues of communication, which means there
must be "ample space available for adult uses after the rezoning"
and "no showing by the challenger that enforcement of the ordinance
will either substantially reduce the total number of adult outlets
or significantly reduce the accessibility of those outlets to their
potential patrons."
The City had done its homework well in anticipating litigation
under this standard.
The final report in support of the
regulations by the City Planning Commission, and the hearing record
compiled by the City Council, were replete with evidence going to
all three points.
Most significantly, the record included detailed
studies tracking property values and crime statistics in areas with
adult businesses compared to similar areas that didn't have
significant numbers of adult uses, thus providing a non-speech
related basis for the regulation.
The record also included substantial evidence of consideration of
various alternatives suggested by the challengers, and reasons
articulated for their rejection.
Perhaps most importantly, the
City had identified approximately 500 potential sites for adult
uses under the new zoning plan, many of which it characterized as
being within short walking distance of subway stops or bus routes.
Since at present there are fewer than 200 adult businesses in the
city, this would suggest that the new zoning plan would not
necessarily require a significant reduction in the total number of
such businesses or make them inaccessible to customers.
The one area where it appeared that the challengers might have done
more to defeat the regulations was in the matter of alternative
sites and access.
They presented an affidavit from a land-use
consultant, Robert McLaughlin, which was based on a selective
criticism of various alternative sites mentioned in the City's
documentation.
McLaughlin convincingly showed that many of these
sites were not really available for use by adult businesses, either
because they were already occupied by unmovable uses (such as
federal or state government office buildings or, in one case, a
state park) or were physically not conducive to commercial
development.
However, McLaughlin's affidavit did not specify
exactly how many of the 500 sites identified by the City were
practically unusable, and thus failed to meet the challenger's
burden on the third test, according to Titone.
Although the plaintiffs announced that an appeal to the federal
courts might follow, success appeared unlikely in light of the
record of federal courts in upholding similar zoning rules in other
cities.
However, media comment noted that many sex-related
businesses might be able to avoid relocating by modifying their
businesses to de-emphasize the "adult use" aspects.
For example,
a book or video store could continue to operate outside the adult
use zones by reducing the proportion of its stock devoted to adult
uses to less than 40 percent.
This alternative suggests that some
of the gay community landmarks may yet be able to survive in their
present locations, albeit in somewhat different form.
The court's decision was significant in another sense, even though
it appeared to break no really new ground in light of _Town of
Islip_.
In the recent past, the Court of Appeals has appeared to
endorse the view that New York, and especially New York City, have
traditionally been leaders in tolerating a wide range of expressive
activity; this is reflected in the "community standards" portion of
the constitutional test for obscenity, under which much more
sexually explicit material has found constitutional protection in
New York than elsewhere.
This opinion may be seen as something of
a retreat from that view, in light of the court's rejection of the
argument that long-time, established adult uses that have not
occasioned any community protest should be protected from the
effect of the new regulation.
A.S.L.
Alabama Appeals Court Upholds Limitation on Gay Father's Visitation
Rights
After an _ore tenus_ hearing, an Alabama trial court entered
judgment on Feb. 27, 1997, divorcing T.K.T and F.P.T., dividing
their marital assets, and awarding custody of the two minor
children to the wife with visitation rights to the husband.
The
husband appealed alleging that the trial court erred in its custody
and visitation determinations by basing same on the husband's
admitted homosexuality.
On Feb. 6, 1998, the Court of Civil
Appeals of Alabama affirmed the lower court's determination.
_T.K.T. v. F.P.T._, 1998 WL 45316.
In a decision by the Retired Appellate Judge Richard L. Holmes, the
Civil Court of Appeals found that at trial the evidence showed that
the parties separated in 1994 when the husband left the marital
residence.
Shortly thereafter, the husband moved out of state to
Atlanta where he currently lives with his homosexual lover. Since
the husband left, the wife voluntarily took on the role of
caretaker for the children.
The court stated that it could not
reverse the lower court's custody ruling absent a showing that it
was unsupported by credible evidence.
The court affirmed the lower
court's determination, finding that there was no such showing.
On the issue of visitation, the lower court awarded limited
visitation rights to the father so long as the visits took place in
Alabama and outside the presence of his lover.
The ruling came
after the trial court entered several orders providing that neither
party could transport the children outside the state of Alabama
without court approval.
Further, these orders provided that the
father's lover could not be present during visitation.
At trial,
the husband admitted violating the orders by taking the children to
Alabama and having them stay with the husband and his lover.
The
trial court held the husband in criminal contempt for violating the
orders.
The Civil Court of Appeals held that in light of the
husband's failure to comply with the lower court's orders, they
would not disturb the limited visitation award.
_Todd V. Lamb_
Maine Voters Narrowly Vote to Repeal Gay Rights Law
For the first time, a law banning sexual orientation discrimination
enacted by a state legislature has been repealed in a state-wide
referendum on Feb. 10.
Fifty-two percent of the voters favored
repeal, with forty-eight percent opposed.
Prior to this vote, all
of the New England states had passed laws forbidding discrimination
on the basis of sexual orientation.
Ironically, Maine voters had
previously rejected a prior state-wide ballot measure that would
have barred the legislature from adding new categories to the
state's civil rights laws.
A major difference, however, was that
the prior referendum took place during a general election, while
this one was scheduled as a stand-alone vote, so only the most
motivated voters were moved to participate.
A.S.L.
Gay Louisiana Doctor Wins Contested Child Custody Suit
Louisiana attorneys Jeffrey T. Reeder and T. Darlene Bewley report
success in a contested custody matter where an openly gay doctor
has been awarded custody of his four children, ages 13, 11, 9 and
7.
Court records have been sealed to protect the privacy of the
children, so we will refer to the parties as Dr. Doe and Mrs. Doe.
The Does were married for 13 years, residing in a small town in
Louisiana.
Mrs. Doe filed for divorce in 1996, setting off a
bitterly contested custody battle in which both parties made
allegations of child abuse by the other.
Reeder notes that "there
is also a long, documented history of substance abuse and
prescription drug dependence by the mother."
Dr. Doe now lives
with his same-sex partner of two years.
The court appointed a psychiatric expert to evaluate the parties.
The expert produced a 55-page report, dealing extensively with the
issue of Dr. Doe's sexual orientation, which was found to be
inconsequential in determining the best interest of the children.
The expert recommended sole custody for Dr. Doe.
The issue of Dr.
Doe's sexuality was also thoroughly explored in the court hearing
on the custody issue.
The court awarded sole custody to Dr. Doe
and denied visitation for Mrs. Doe until she can make an objective
showing to the court that she has made progress in dealing with her
prescription drug dependency and child abuse issues.
Reeder notes the significance of such a ruling in a conservative
southern state with a sodomy law and few judicial precedents
recognizing lesbian and gay rights.
Those interested in obtaining
more information about the case can contact Reeder at 3723 Canal
St., New Orleans LA 70119 (504-488-1188) (e-mail:
Myohmy0000@aol.com).
A.S.L.
Federal District Court Rules on Transsexual Treatment Rights in
Prison
The issue before the U.S. District Court (D.C.) in _Farmer v.
Hawk_, 1998 WL 30490 (Jan. 22), was whether a transsexual was
entitled to treatment for this condition while incarcerated in a
federal prison.
On a defense motion for summary judgment, the
court ruled that a transsexual prisoner was entitled to such
treatment.
Plaintiff Dee Farmer is an inmate in the federal prison in Butner,
North Carolina.
Farmer is a pre-operative male-to-female
transsexual, who, the court found, is suffering from gender
dysphoria, a medically recognized condition.
Farmer brought this
action to challenge the constitutionality of the Bureau of Prisons
(BOP) policy regarding medical treatment for transsexuals, claiming
that it violates the Equal Protection Clause of the 5th Amendment
and demonstrates deliberate indifference to her serious medical
needs, in violation of the 8th Amendment.
Farmer also asserted
additional claims against BOP's Medical Director, Dr. Morigitsu,
relating to his failure to approve treatment or to implement a new
policy regarding medical treatment of transsexuals.
The defendants argued that there is already a policy regarding
treatment of transsexuals in the federal prisons, and that Farmer
was already receiving all treatment to which she was entitled.
The
court agreed that BOP already had an adequate policy for treatment
of transsexuals in place, and granted defendants' motions to that
extent, but denied the motion in all other aspects.
The policy calls for transsexual inmates in the federal prisons to
be maintained at the level of change existing at the time of
admission.
The personal approval of the BOP's Medical Director is
required before any progressive or regressive treatment is to be
implemented.
The use of hormones to maintain secondary sexual
characteristics may be maintained at approximately the same levels
as were implemented prior to incarceration upon a showing of
appropriate medical documentation, also with the Medical Director's
approval.
In this decision, District Judge Kessler ruled that this policy
does require that Farmer receive treatment and that Dr. Morigitsu
could not assert a claim of qualified immunity, because he failed
to direct his staff to implement stated policies concerning the
treatment to which Farmer would be entitled.
The issues which
remain relate to the extent to which Farmer received treatment and
psychological counseling under this policy, and whether the
requiring transsexuals to make a showing of a history of prior
treatment before receiving hormone therapy violated their rights of
Equal Protection as others do not have to make such a showing to
receive medical treatment in prison. _Steven Kolodny_
ACLU Wins Settlement of Boy Scout Suit Against City of Chicago
Settling a federal lawsuit filed in 1997 on behalf of Eugene
Winkler, a gay man who was denied participation in the program, and
Kevin Poloncarz, a minister who found the program's religious
requirements troublesome, the City of Chicago has agreed to cease
sponsoring programs administered by the Boy Scouts of America as
long as BSA continues to ban participation by gay people or people
who do not believe in God.
ACLU staff attorney Roger Leishman, who is lead attorney for the
plaintiffs in _Winkler v. City of Chicago_, No. 97-C-2475
(U.S.Dist.Ct., N.D.Ill., settlement announced, Feb. 4, 1998),
expressed hope in announcing the settlement that "other state and
local government entities providing support for BSA will take a cue
from Chicago's action and end their sponsorship of these
discriminatory programs."
_ACLU Press Release_, 2/4/98.
The lawsuit alleged that city involvement with the Boy Scouts
violates the First and Fourteenth Amendments.
In the settlement
agreement, the City denies that the programs it sponsors have
actually excluded people on the basis of sexual orientation or
religious beliefs.
However, the charter issued to the City of
Chicago Corporation Counsel's office for city sponsorship of Scout
troops clearly indicated that the city's troops would be governed
by BSA policies, which include a requirement of faith in God for
all participants and the exclusion of any "avowed homosexuals." In
the settlement agreement, the City agrees that its present
arrangements with the Boy Scouts, scheduled to expire Jan. 31,
1998, will not be renewed, and also agrees to pay attorneys fees to
the plaintiffs, in exchange for an agreement to drop the lawsuit.
A.S.L.
1st Circuit Preserves Trial Right for Same-Sex Harassment Plaintiff
In a case involving same-sex harassment and disability
discrimination, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 1st Circuit
upheld a preliminary injunction reinstating an ADA plaintiff,
allowing his claims to go to trial. _Ralph v. Lucent Technologies_,
1998 WL 29837 (Feb. 2).
Plaintiff Franklin Ralph worked as a carpenter for Lucent
Technologies and its predecessors for 24 years.
Around 1990, his
co-workers began falsely taunting him as a homosexual and a child
molester.
In 1996, he suffered a mental breakdown and went on
disability leave, diagnosed with major depression and
post-traumatic stress disorder.
In 1997, his doctors advised that
working part-time would aid his recovery.
Lucent refused any
part-time schedule, and gave Ralph a 90-day deadline to apply for
disability benefits.
Ralph sued, alleging violations of
Massachusetts law and the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Lucent
removed the case to federal court, which granted a preliminary
injunction ordering part-time work as a reasonable accommodation
and tolling the application deadline.
Lucent appealed, arguing
Ralph's claim was preempted by ERISA and a collective bargaining
agreement arbitration clause.
Reasoning that the record showed sufficient likelihood of success
and a sufficiently minor burden on the defendant, District Judge
Skinner upheld the injunction for a unanimous First Circuit panel.
Skinner ruled that (1) Ralph was asserting statutory rights which
did not require interpretation of the collective bargaining
agreement and therefore were not preempted by its arbitration
clause, (2) ERISA does not preempt federal statutory rights, and
(3) several ERISA precedents tolled deadlines.
_Otis R. Damslet_
Federal Court Grants Downward Departure From Sentencing Guidelines
for Gay Man in Porn Case
U.S. District Judge Bucklo, having found "incredible" the Justice
Department's assertion that rape does not occur in federal prisons,
has ordered a downward departure from federal sentencing guidelines
for a gay man who pled guilty of sending in interstate commerce a
videotape depicting minors engaged in sexually explicit conduct.
_U.S. v. Wilke_, 1998 WL 57078 (N.D.Ill. Jan 30).
As part of the plea agreement, Randall Wilke agreed to forfeit
various computer equipment and other material and, at his own
expense, to undergo counseling.
He sought a departure from the
minimum 21 month sentence (offense level 16) on several grounds,
the first of which was that he would be vulnerable to abuse in
prison.
Wilke, a gay white man age 46, is described by the court
as "of average height and weight.
His demeanor makes him appear
smaller than he is because he appears passive and meek."
At a special hearing on Wilke's motion, the court heard testimony
from George Valdes, who had served time in a federal prison as part
of an arrangement under which he testified against Colombian drug
dealers for whom he had been working.
(Valdes is a Ph.D. student
in bible history and an adjunct professor at Wheaton College.)
Valdes testified that an inmate convicted of a sex crime would be
"at the bottom of the pecking order" in prison and "would be
sexually molested" by other inmates; Valdes also testified that any
inmate who attacked Wilke would be considered a hero by other
inmates, due to the nature of his offense.
Also, given Wilke's
demeanor, he would be particularly vulnerable.
Judge Bucklo rejected the government's argument that particular
susceptibility to sexual abuse in prison was not a good
justification for a downward departure in the Guidelines, and
granted Wilke's motion for a downward departure, noting as well
Wilke's outstanding record of community service in a variety of
programs serving youth.
(The government had argued that actually
Wilke's community service was an extension of his pedophiliac
interests, since it brought him in contact with young people.)
A.S.L.
Sharply Divided Fourth Circuit, En Banc, Rejects 1st Amendment
Appeal by High School Drama Teacher
By a 7-6 vote, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit has
rejected an appeal by Margaret Boring of a district court decision
that her First Amendment rights were not violated when she was
transferred from her position in apparent retaliation for her
selection of a controversial play for performance by students in
her advanced acting class.
_Boring v. Buncombe County Bd. of
Educ._, 1998 WL 57559 (Feb. 13).
In 1996, a 3-judge panel of the
court of appeals had reversed the district court's dismissal, but
en banc review vacating that decision was granted in December 1996.
Boring had chosen a play called _Independence_ for performance by
her class.
The play "depicts the dynamics within a dysfunctional,
single-parent family -- a divorced mother and three daughters, one
a lesbian, another pregnant with an illegitimate child."
Boring
notified the school principal of her selection, and took her
students to a regional competition, where their performance won 17
out of 21 awards.
Before advancing to the state finals, the
students performed the play before an English class at the school.
A parent of a student in the class then complained to the
principal, who for the first time requested a copy of the script
and, after reading it, informed Boring that her students were
forbidden from staging any more performances of this play.
Boring
and the parents of the students who were performing the play then
lobbied the principal to let them go to the state competition; he
agreed, subject to deletion of some material from the script.
The
students performed the revised play and won second prize in the
state competition.
At the end of the following school year, the principal requested
that Boring be transferred from his school, citing personality
differences.
The school superintendent approved the transfer,
stating that "she had failed to follow the school system's
controversial materials policy in producing the play."
Boring
brought suit, claiming that the transfer on this basis violated her
First Amendment rights.
Writing for the majority of the circuit judges, Judge Widener
contended that the selection of a play for performance by students
is a curricular decision within the discretion of the school
authorities, and that any dispute about such selection would not be
a "matter of public concern" governed by First Amendment standards,
but rather an ordinary employment dispute.
Thus, under the Supreme
Court's holding in _Connick v. Myers_, 461 U.S. 138 (1983), in
which the Court upheld the discharge of a staff attorney in the New
Orleans Law Department for circulating a petition on employment
policies, the federal court was not a proper forum to consider the
justification of a public employer personnel decision.
The case generated dissenting opinions by Judges Hamilton and Motz.
Hamilton argued that the case is "far from an `ordinary employment
dispute,'" contending that the school principal and school board
had "targeted Margaret Boring as a scapegoat and used her to shield
them from the `heat' of the negative outcry resulting from the
performance of _Independence_."
Hamilton also argued that Boring
did not violate any school policies in her selection or performance
of the play.
Judge Motz argued that "teachers' in-class speech
retains some, albeit limited, First Amendment protection,"
referring to the vacated panel decision, which is reported at 98
F.3d 1474 (4th Cir. 1996)(reported in Nov. 1996 _Lesbian/Gay Law
Notes_).
Motz argued further that the majority had
mischaracterized the nature of Boring's claim.
She was not
asserting that the First Amendment gave her unilateral rights to
select plays for her students; rather, she was contending that when
the principal raised no original objection to her selection of the
play, it was inappropriate to retaliate against her at a later date
for having staged it.
A.S.L.
Ohio Appeals Court Upholds Right of Action for Same-Sex Workplace
Harassment Under State Law
Unanimously reversing a judgement of the Common Pleas Court in
Youngstown, Ohio, a panel of the Court of Appeals of Ohio (7th
District) unanimously ruled Jan. 29 that a claim for hostile
environment same-sex workplace harassment may be brought under the
sex discrimination provision of the state's human rights law, R.C.
4112.
_Tarver v. Calex Corp._, 1998 WL 74378.
The opinion by
Judge Cox decisively rejects the minority line of federal cases
opposing such causes of action.
James Tarver and Robert K. Varner, employees of Calex Corporation,
alleged that a supervisory employee, John Brace, had engaged in a
pattern of harassment against them.
"Tarver alleged that Brace had
touched his crotch on one occasion, and possibly patted his
buttocks on several other occasions. Varner alleged that Brace had
touched his penis without his consent on two separate occasions;
once soon after he started working for. . . Calex Corporation, in
January or February of 1994 and then again in February of 1995.
Varner also claimed that Brace had patted him on the buttocks on
five occasions."
Tarver, who is black, also alleged that Brace
harassed him with racial slurs.
The two plaintiffs also alleged
that they brought this situation to the attention of Calex
management, but obtained no relief from Brace's continued
harassment.
They also named Brace as an individual defendant.
The trial court, noting that Ohio courts have followed federal
precedents under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act in applying the
analogous state statute, opined that same-sex harassment claims
were not actionable as sex discrimination.
In reversing this
ruling, Cox reviewed the majority and minority trends in federal
case law, and specifically endorsed the reasoning of U.S. District
Judge Preska in _Sardinia v. Dellwood Foods, Inc._, 69 Fair Emp.
Prac. Cases (BNA) 705 (S.D.N.Y. 1995) in rejecting the cases that
have barred same-sex harassment claims.
Cox also rejected the
argument that the conduct alleged was sufficiently severe to state
a claim of sex discrimination, finding that the pre-trial
depositions of both plaintiffs indicated that Brace's conduct "had
the purpose or affect of unreasonably interfering with appellants'
work performance or in creating an intimidating, hostile or
offensive work environment" and that "they believed that if they
told Brace not to repeat his behavior, they would be fired."
The court also reversed the grant of summary judgment on the racial
harassment claim, but accepted Brace's argument that he could not
be held individually liable under the sex discrimination law, which
only applies to employers as entities.
The court also upheld the
trial court's grant of summary judgment to defends on various tort
claims brought by the plaintiffs against Calex and Brace.
A.S.L.
New Arizona Statute May Extend Visitation Rights to Same-Sex Co-
Parents
A recently-enacted Arizona statute authorizing petitions for child
custody or visitation by non-parents is the basis for a pending
lawsuit by a lesbian co-parent seeking visitation rights with the
child born to her former domestic partner.
_Green v. Wilson_,
pending in Pima County Superior Court, presents an issue apparently
unanticipated by the conservative state legislators who secured
passage of 25 Ariz. Rev. Stats. sec. 25-415 last year.
The statute provides that "a person other than a legal parent" who
"stands in loco parentis to the child" may be awarded visitation
rights if the superior court finds that "the visitation is in the
child's best interests" and "that any of the following is true: 1.
One of the legal parents is deceased or has been missing at least
three months. 2. The child's legal parents are not married to each
other at the time the petition is filed. 3. There is a pending
proceeding for dissolution of marriage or for legal separation of
the legal parents at the time the petition is filed."
Sec. 25-
415(C).
For purposes of this statute, "`in loco parentis' means a
person who has been treated as a parent by the child and who has
formed a meaningful parental relationship with the child for a
substantial period of time."
Sec. 25-415(G)(1). The law became
effective last April 30, 1997.
In the pending lawsuit, Elise Green alleges that she and her former
partner of six years, Shari Wilson, conceived their child through
donor insemination, and that Green took 15 months off from her job
to take care of the child.
However, Green and Wilson's
relationship fell apart when young Hayley was less than two years
old, and since last May Wilson has been refusing to allow Green to
see the child.
Similar disputes over visitation have arisen in
many states, but most cases that have gone to appellate courts have
resulted in defeats for the co-parents, usually because of the
restrictive wording in statutes authorizing visitation petitions.
The Arizona law was not enacted with this situation in mind.
It
was inspired by an Arizona Supreme Court case in which a father
lost all parental rights because a paternity test showed that he
was not the biological father of the child, even though he had
established a parental relationship and believed he was the father,
and his parents actually were caring for the child.
However, as
broadly worded, the law appears to apply to the same-sex co-parent
situation.
_Arizona Republic_, Feb. 15.
A.S.L.
Marriage & Domestic Partnership Notes
Senator Paul Wellstone (D-Minn.) has introduced S.1636, the
Domestic Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act of 1998.
This
bill would make same-sex domestic partners of federal employees
eligible for the same benefits available to and obligations imposed
upon spouses of federal employees.
To obtain benefits, the
employee would have to file an affidavit with the Office of
Personnel Management, affirming that the couple's relationship
qualified under the rules of the statute, which resemble rules
established by many municipal domestic partnership ordinances
around the country.
Nobody in their right mind expects this bill
to go anywhere in the current Congress, but it's a start.
BNA
_Daily Labor Report_ No. 37, 2/25/98, at A-5.
Despite a veto by Governor Gary Locke, Washington State has enacted
an express ban on same-sex marriages, including a ban on
recognizing such marriages even when lawfully contracted elsewhere.
The drama in Olympia during the first week of February centered on
whether proponents had enough votes to override the governor's
threatened veto, or would resort instead to passing a measure that
would place a question on the state ballot next fall, under a
procedure where the governor could not block the question from
being placed on the ballot.
After much head-counting, proponents
of the ban went ahead and passed there bill, then passed it again
over the governor's veto, all on February 6.
_Tacoma News
Tribune_, _Reuters_, Feb. 7.
_Storrs v. Holcomb_, round two: A new complaint has been filed in
N.Y. Supreme Court, Tompkins County, by Phillip and Toshav Storrs,
seeking a court order to obtain a marriage license.
Responding to
a recent ruling by the N.Y. Appellate Division, which held that
their prior lawsuit failed to include as a defendant an
indispensable party, this new suit names as co-defendant Barbara A.
DeBuono, the New York State Commission of Health, in her official
capacity.
The complaint is premised on federal and state
constitutional claims of equal protection and due process, a state
civil rights law claim of sex discrimination, a claim that the
Health Department's "ruling" communicated to the Ithaca City Clerk
that she could not issue the Storrs a marriage license violates
Executive Order 33 of Governor Pataki (which had reiterated the
earlier Executive Order 28 of Governor Cuomo banning sexual
orientation discrimination by state agencies), and several claims
grounded in alleged failures to comply with administrative
procedures for adopting rules or regulations.
Domestic partnership benefits programs at five public universities
in Michigan (3 campuses of the University of Michigan, Wayne State,
and Michigan State) may be threatened by a measure that passed the
Michigan state senate on Jan. 29, banning the use of public funds
to pay for domestic partnership benefits.
The bill's sponsor, Sen.
Bill Schuette (R-Midland), called it "a fiscal management issue,"
asserting: "Taxpayers should be only paying for benefits of married
partners."
Schuette's bill does _not_ provide special tax relief
for lesbian and gay state taxpayers who might object to subsidizing
benefits for the married partners of government employees.
Are we
being inconsistent, just a little bit?
_Lansing State Journal_,
Jan. 30.
The city of Oakland, California, is under attack for refusing to
expand its domestic partner medical benefits program to opposite-
sex couples.
Although all domestic partners of city employees are
eligible for vision and dental benefits, medical benefits are only
extended to same-sex partners.
Two city employees have filed
complaints of sexual orientation discrimination against the city
with the California Labor Department, and the Labor Commissioner
has ruled in the first case that Oakland is unlawfully
discriminating by limiting the benefits eligibility to same-sex
partners.
However, the city has persisted in not expanding its
program, and the Labor Commissioner is threatening to bring an
action against the city in state court.
_San Francisco Chronicle_,
Feb. 14.
The Santa Clara County, California, Board of Supervisors has
reluctantly repealed the domestic partnership registry that had
been unanimously enacted in 1996.
As soon as the registry was
approved, a taxpayers association and a coalition of conservative
churches united to gather nearly 60,000 signatures on petitions
demanding that the registry be repealed or placed on the ballot for
a referendum.
The registry never went into effect, while the
supervisors considered how to react to the petitions.
On Feb. 24,
the board held a public hearing, at which the overwhelming turnout
was from opponents of the registry who spewed anti-gay venom that
reportedly infuriated the supervisors, who nonetheless concluded
that avoiding a divisive referendum required them to repeal the
measure, which they did by a vote of 4-1.
_San Francisco
Chronicle_, Feb. 25.
Cook County, Illinois, Circuit Judge Thomas Durkin ruled from the
bench on Feb. 10 that Chicago's domestic partnership ordinance is
a valid piece of city legislation, rejecting a challenge filed by
Rev. Hiram Crawford and other plaintiffs.
The ordinance provides
health benefits to the partners of gay city employees.
Durkin had
previously denied the plaintiffs a restraining order against the
ordinance going into effect.
_Crawford v. City of Chicago_, No.
97-CH-5674 (Cook County Cir. Ct., Feb. 10, 1998).
Responding to
Crawford's argument that the ordinance would "promote
homosexuality," Durkin commented: "It does not follow that the
ordinance will encourage formation of these relationships.
The
ordinance merely recognizes a reality existing among some city
employees and thereby comprises a benefits package fitting the
employee needs."
Lambda Legal Defense Fund had intervened in the
lawsuit on behalf of several openly lesbian or gay city employees.
Crawford and his co-plaintiffs, represented by a conservative
litigation group called "Alliance Defense Fund," will appeal the
ruling.
_Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund Press Release_,
Feb. 10; _Chicago Tribune_, Feb. 11.
The Massachusetts Senate has approved a measure that would extend
spousal health insurance benefits to unmarried domestic partners of
state workers, both gay and non-gay, as well as specifically
allowing local governments to do the same.
Four Massachusetts
cities have domestic partner benefit plans, while three others
(including Boston) have reportedly been delaying adopting such a
plan due to doubts about their authority to enact it without state
approval.
The bill still has to get past the other house of the
legislature and be approved by Governor Paul Cellucci, who has not
officially taken a position on the issue.
_Boston Globe_, Jan. 30.
In Florida, a unanimous vote of the city council in Key West on
January 22 authorized the city to negotiate a domestic partnership
benefits plan with its insurance carrier.
The city also
established a partnership registry, which is restricted to city
residents. * * * The Monroe County, Florida, commissioners voted 4-
1 on Feb. 11 to grant health insurance and other benefits to
domestic partners of county employees.
The vote makes the Florida
Keys region the first county government in the state to take such
an action.
According to one of the commissioners, it is expected
that fewer than 100 of the 1200 county employees will apply, and
most of those will be unmarried heterosexual couples.
The Oregon Public Employment Benefits Board voted 7-1 in January to
extend health insurance and other benefits to domestic partners of
unmarried state workers, regardless of sexual orientation.
The
policy will take effect June 1, pending a ruling by the Oregon
Court of Appeals in the Oregon Health Sciences University case.
A
trial court ruled in that case that failure to provide such
benefits violated the rights of unmarried employees, and the state
has appealed.
The Board is waiting to see whether a court ruling
in the case casts any doubt on its authority to adopt such a
program voluntarily.
_Portland Oregonian_, Feb. 2. A.S.L.
Asylum Deadline Looms
In an article published Feb. 9 in the _New York Law Journal_ titled
"Racing the Asylum Deadline: Keeping Gays and Lesbians From Falling
in the Cracks," Christopher Nugent and Lavi S. Soloway remind
readers that new provisions that may prove particularly harmful to
lesbian and gay political asylum applicants in the U.S. will go
into effect on April 1, 1998, pursuant to the Illegal Immigration
and Immigrant Responsibility Reform Act of 1996.
After that date,
with only narrow exceptions all applicants for asylum will have to
prove to an asylum adjudicator that they have filed for asylum
within one year of their arrival in the U.S., or be forever barred
from having a claim heard.
This is a particular problem for
lesbian and gay asylum applicants, who tend to be secretive about
their sexual orientation and the basis of their asylum claims for
a variety of reasons, and frequently may delay filing for asylum
due to lack of knowledge of the relatively recent developments
under substantive U.S. immigration law that make asylum more
available than previously.
For information about an asylum
handbook that explains the history, law and procedures for lesbian
and gay applicants, contact Lavi Soloway at: lss@amanda.dorsai.org
or call 212-227-93990 or 312-629-4500 x4531.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
The U.S. Supreme Court denied review on February 23 of decisions
from the 2nd and 3rd Circuits that had upheld laws requiring
convicted sex offenders to register with authorities after their
discharge from prison and, under certain circumstances, authorizing
various types of notification to the community about those
individuals.
_E.B. v. Verniero_, 119 F.3d 1077 (3rd Cir. 1997),
cert. denied _sub nom_ Verniero v. Attorney General of New Jersey_,
1998 WL 69421 & 69423; _Doe v. Pataki_, 120 F.3d 1263 (2nd Cir.
1997), cert. denied, 1998 WL 70560.
The New Jersey case drew
particular attention because the law at issue was the original law
inspired by the murder of Megan Kanka by an ex-con sex offender in
that state.
Due to their broad sweep, some of these so-called
"Megan's Laws" have been used to require gay men arrested long ago
on various solicitation charges to register with police and have
their identities revealed to others in their community.
In some
cases, courts have required states to revise the laws to assure
that the drastic notification requirements are not over-employed.
Just days earlier, the N.Y. Court of Appeals unanimously ruled in
_People v. Stevens_, 1998 WL 66084 (Feb. 19), that sex crime
convicts who were originally convicted prior to the passage of
N.Y.'s Megan's Law could not directly appeal decisions about their
status under the notification requirements that were made after the
law went into effect.
In an opinion by Judge Bellacosa, the court
asserted that the new notification requirements did not constitute
a "resentencing."
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has filed a lawsuit
challenging the constitutionality of a Maryland law, Md. Code Ann.
Art. 27, sec. 554, which criminalizes private, consensual, non-
commercial sexual intimacy between adults of the same sex, but has
been held by the Maryland Court of Appeals to be inapplicable to
the same conduct when engaged in by adults of the opposite sex.
_Williams v. Glendening_, Civ. No. 98 036031-CC1059 (Baltimore City
Circuit Court, filed Feb. 5, 1998).
The complaint alleges
violations of equal protection and privacy under both the Maryland
and federal constitutions.
By raising a federal constitutional
privacy claim, the case calls for the court to reconsider the
validity of _Bowers v. Hardwick_, 478 U.S. 186 (1986), in the
context of a law that as interpreted applies only to same-sex
couples (unlike the Georgia sodomy law sustained in _Bowers_), and
in the light of _Romer v. Evans_, 116 S.Ct. 1620 (1996), which
appears to cast doubt on the rationale used by the _Bowers_ court
to uphold Georgia's sodomy law.
Michael Adams and Jennifer
Middleton of the ACLU Lesbian & Gay Rights Project, Susan Goering
and Dwight H. Sullivan of the ACLU Foundation of Maryland, and
Martin H. Schrieber, II, of Brown, Goldstein & Levy, a Baltimore
firm, are co-counsel for the plaintiffs, four Maryland residents
and a resident of Washington, D.C., who owns vacation property in
Maryland.
The Servicemembers Legal Defense Network has issued its fourth
annual report on the implementation of the Clinton Administration's
"don't ask, don't tell" military personnel policy on Feb. 19.
SLDN
reported that there has been an escalation of violations of the
policy by military commanders, including a 39% increase in reports
of violations of the "don't ask" policy, and smaller but
significant increases in reports of harassment or improper
investigations.
Overall, the Navy was tarred as the worst
offender.
In a long-awaited ruling, the Hawaii Supreme Court held in _State
v. Mallan_, 1998 WL 34785 (Jan. 30), that the Hawaii constitution's
right of privacy does not include the right to possess and use
marijuana, thus affirming a _1993_ decision by the state's
intermediate court of appeals.
The court cites and relies on its
own 1993 decision in _Baehr v. Lewin_, 825 P.2d 44, in which it had
rejected the argument that Hawaii due process/privacy compelled
state recognition of same-sex marriage.
In _Baehr_, the court did
hold that Hawaii equal protection might compel state recognition of
same-sex marriages and remanded for trial.
In December 1996, the
trial court ruled in favor of the same-sex couple plaintiffs,
holding that the state's failure to recognize same-sex marriages
violated the state constitution.
The state's appeal has been
briefed and submitted and is awaiting decision.
The court has not
requested oral argument.
For those speculating about when the
court may rule, it is interesting to note that it apparently took
the court several years to rule on the marijuana appeal.
The 17-year-old murderer of a gay man faces 43 years in prison.
Henrico County (Virginia) Circuit Court Judge George F. Tidey
sentenced Rashawn Dewayne Simmons on Jan. 28 in a case that stemmed
from the Nov. 25, 1996, murder of David W. Mosley, an older man who
had befriended Simmons and two other teenage boys.
The three teens
decided among themselves to rob and kill Mosley "because one or
more of them had been told Mosley was gay."
The other two teens,
who were present in Mosley's car when Simmons shot him in the back
of the head, were previously convicted and sentenced to shorter
terms.
_Richmond Times-Dispatch_, Jan. 29.
A group of 5 avowed heterosexual Christian students filed suit
against the University of Minnesota on Feb. 3 in U.S. District
Court, alleging that their constitutional rights are violated by
the distribution of student activity fees to on-campus groups of
whom they disapprove, including the "Queer Student Cultural
Center," which they charge with "promoting homosexuality."
The
plaintiffs charge that the use of their mandatory student activity
fees to support such organizations violates their 1st Amendment
rights.
A similar suit against the University of Wisconsin is now
on appeal, a district court having ruled in favor of the protesting
students in that case.
Other student groups targeted in the suit
include women's groups that support abortion rights and a Latino
student group that allegedly supports the Castro regime in Cuba.
_St. Paul Pioneer News_, Feb. 4.
The Illinois State University's constitution included a provision
banning discrimination based on "sexual preference" until Feb. 17,
when a newly constituted board of trustees, purportedly responding
to advice by University Counsel that the school's constitution
should not differ in this regard from state or federal law, adopted
a new constitution that deletes this provision.
While this move
does not necessarily remove existing university policies against
such discrimination, it takes away the backing of the trustees for
the policy.
Associate Justice James Morse of the Vermont Supreme Court, sitting
in an emergency hearing, ruled Feb. 9 against an attempt by a
third-year student at Vermont Law School to obtain a temporary
restraining order against military recruiting at the school.
The
Law School, reversing a longstanding policy, had scheduled
interview time for a JAG recruiter in light of the Solomon
Amendment, under which the school stands to lose $400,000 in
federal work study and loan money, relied upon by a majority of the
students to finance their legal education, if the military is
barred from the campus.
A superior court judge had ruled against
the petition by Andrew Tarasevich on Feb. 6.
Justice Morse
questioned Tarasevich's standing to raise the issue, since he had
not alleged that he was personally interested in joining the JAG
Corps; Tarasevich said he would think about that...
_Burlington
Free Press_, Feb. 10.
The city council in Fort Collins, Colorado, gave unanimous approval
in a first reading to a proposal to revise the city's human rights
ordinance to include sexual orientation.
Further legislative
consideration is required before the measure becomes final.
_Rocky
Mountain News_, Feb. 19.
The Des Moines, Iowa, Human Rights Commission voted Feb. 12 to ask
the city council to expand its anti-discrimination law to cover
sexual orientation claims.
Commission Director Floyd Jones
expressed hope that the council, whose membership has changed
significantly since a similar proposal was rejected in 1993, would
now be receptive to the change.
_Des Moines Register_, Feb. 13.
The Portland, Oregon, City Council unanimously voted Feb. 11 to ban
city contracts with any organization or business that does not have
an express non-discrimination policy that includes sexual
orientation.
The measure was co-sponsored by Mayor Vera Katz and
Commissioner Erik Sten.
In the same vote, the Council approved the
establishment of a temporary mediation program to help enforce the
city law, as an appeal is pending from a recent trial court
decision holding that the city law cannot be enforced in the state
courts.
_Portland Oregonian_, Feb. 12.
A gay man has filed a sexual harassment suit claiming that he was
terminated for rejecting the sexual overtures of his heterosexual
female supervisor.
In a complaint filed in Los Angeles Superior
Court on Feb. 3, Bruce Eddins claims that Gwen Scott-Taylor began
harassing him in Oct. 1996; his attempts to be transferred to a
different job were rejected and, after Scott-Taylor learned that he
was gay, "her actions became threatening and punitive."
Eddins
seeks damages and reinstatement.
A spokesperson for the employer,
the California Science Center, said that an internal investigation
showed that Eddins's charges were "without merit."
The report on
the lawsuit in the _Los Angeles Times_ (Feb. 6) did not specify the
legal basis for the suit, which is presumably brought under
California laws barring sexual orientation discrimination in
employment.
Eddins is represented by Melanie E. Lomax.
Lee Brown, recently sworn in as mayor of Houston, Texas, signed an
executive order on Feb. 16 banning discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation by the city government.
The order revived a
policy that had been enacted more than a decade ago by the Houston
City Council but then repealed by voters in a 1985 referendum.
Brown, a former N.Y. City police commissioner under Mayor David
Dinkins, had promised such an order as part of his election
campaign.
The order does not extend health benefits to domestic
partners of city employees, an issue on which Brown has not taken
a position.
_Houston Chronicle_, Feb. 17.
On Feb. 25, City
Councilman Rob Todd and a conservative Houston businessman, Richard
K. Hotze, filed a lawsuit challenging Brown's authority to adopt
this policy by executive order.
Todd and Hotze claimed their suit
was motivated by their belief that the mayor is not entitled
unilaterally to establish employment policies for the city.
_Houston Chronicle_, Feb. 26. A.S.L.
European Court of Justice Rejects Partner Benefits Claim
On Feb. 17, the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg delivered
its judgment in _Grant v. South-West Trains Ltd._, Case C-249/96
(available at
http://europa.eu.int/cj/en/jurisp/index.htm).
The
court declined to follow the opinion of Advocate General Elmer (see
1997 LGLN 166) and rejected Lisa Grant's argument that her
employer's failing to provide travel benefits to her unmarried
female partner Jill Percey, while providing the benefits to the
unmarried female partners of male employees, violates European
Community law prohibiting discrimination in compensation on the
basis of sex (in this case, EC Treaty Article 119 and Council
Directive 75/117/EEC on equal pay).
Whether any of the 13 judges
dissented cannot be known, as the court always delivers a single,
unanimous judgment.
The court considered three questions.
First, it asked "whether
[the employer's policy] constitutes discrimination based directly
on the sex of the worker" (Grant's primary argument).
It found no
such discrimination because the condition that Grant's partner be
a person of the opposite sex "is . . . applied regardless of the
sex of the worker concerned.
Thus travel concessions are refused
to a male worker if he is living with a person of the same sex,
just as they are to a female worker if she is living with a person
of the same sex."
This is the classic response to the sex
discrimination argument and involves an incorrect and misleading
comparison between a woman with an unmarried female partner and a
man with an unmarried male partner, rather than between a woman
with an unmarried female partner and a man with an unmarried female
partner (i.e., a man in identical circumstances apart from his
sex).
Second, the court asked "whether Community law requires that stable
relationships between two persons of the same sex should be
regarded by all employers as equivalent to marriages or stable
relationships outside marriage between two persons of opposite
sex."
After considering the absence of EC legislation providing
for such equivalence, the fact that equivalence is limited or
non-existent in most EC Member States, and the negative case law of
the European Court and Commission of Human Rights with regard to
same-sex couples and transsexual marriages, the court concluded
that "Community law" imposes no such obligation.
It is not clear
why the court posed this question, in that the only realistic
source of such an obligation, and the only source invoked by Grant,
was EC sex discrimination law.
Having found no sex discrimination,
there was no need to discuss evidence of "European consensus"
regarding the treatment of same-sex
couples.
This part of the court's judgment makes sense only as a
justification of any direct sex discrimination it might have found.
Third, the court asked "whether discrimination based on sexual
orientation constitutes discrimination based on the sex of the
worker."
(This was Grant's alternative argument that the word
"sex" in Article 119 should be read as encompassing sexual
orientation, i.e., that a simple lesbian/gay vs. heterosexual or
same-sex vs. opposite-sex comparison could be used, rather than the
more complex female vs. male analysis that Grant's primary argument
requires.)
The court held that its reasoning in _P. v. S. and
Cornwall County Council_, [1996] ECR I-2143 (dismissal of a
transsexual employee was "based, essentially if not exclusively, on
the sex of the person concerned") "is limited to the case of a
worker's gender reassignment and does not therefore apply to
differences of treatment based on a person's sexual orientation."
As for the view of the U.N. Human Rights Committee in _Toonen v.
Australia_ (1994), 1 IHRR 97, that "sex . . . is to be taken as
including sexual orientation," the court did not find it
persuasive.
The Committee's observation does not reflect the
"generally accepted" interpretation of the concept of sex
discrimination and cannot "constitute a basis for the Court to
extend the scope of Article 119. . . .
Community law as it stands
at present does not cover discrimination based on sexual
orientation."
The European Court of Justice has clearly passed the issue of
sexual orientation discrimination in employment to the EC
legislature and Member State legislatures.
The court noted that
the 2 October 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam, once ratified, will insert
a new Article 6a (to be renumbered as Article 13) into the EC
Treaty (see 1997 LGLN 104, 148).
Article 6a will expressly
authorize, but not require, "appropriate action" by the EC
legislature to combat sexual orientation discrimination.
All 15
Member States must agree, which means that new legislation under
Article 6a may be difficult to achieve.
As for _The Queen ex parte: Terence Perkins v. Secretary of State
for Defence_, Case C-168/97 (see 1997 LGLN 48), a "gays
in the military" case also invoking EC sex discrimination law, it
is difficult to see how it can succeed before the court after
_Grant_.
_Dr. Robert Wintemute, School of Law, King's College,
London_
Ironically, on the same day the European court was releasing its
decision in _Grant_, the European Parliament voted 260-188 to adopt
its Annual Report on Human Rights in the European Union (for 1996).
In paragraph 62 of the Report, the Parliament "welcomes the
inclusion in Community instruments of non-discrimination clauses
which provide for a ban on discrimination based on . . . sexual
orientation," notes a 1994 resolution calling on member states to
ban such discrimination, in paragraph 63 "considers that its above-
mentioned resolution. . . on homosexuals has led to improvements in
many Member States and at Community level," and reiterates its call
for all Member States to "recognize equal rights for homosexuals,
notably through the establishment, where they do not already exist,
of civil union contracts aimed at eliminating all forms of
discrimination still suffered by homosexuals, in particular as
regards tax, inheritance, social rights, etc., and, through
information and education, to help combat the prejudice to which
they are subject in society."
The report also calls for staff
regulations for employees of the European Community governmental
bodies "to be amended without delay so as to guarantee non-married
partners the same rights as those granted to spouses."
The report
also calls on the Austrian government to reform its anti-gay laws,
especially its unequal age of consent.
A.S.L.
Dutch Government Decides Against Same-Sex Marriage, But in Favor of
Adoption by Same-Sex Couples
On February 6, the Dutch Cabinet finally decided how it would act
on the recommendations of the Kortmann Committee, a committee of
legal experts established in June 1996 following the adoption of
resolutions in Parliament asking for legislation to open up both
marriage and adoption to same-sex couples. In October 1997, the
Committee recommended unanimously to allow same-sex couples to
adopt and by a majority of 5-3 to allow same-sex couples to marry.
Now the Cabinet has decided to prepare legislation to give effect
to the unanimous recommendation, but not to the majority
recommendation.
This legislation would amend three laws which have
been adopted only very recently.
A. The law on registered partnership (in fact a complex of several
laws amending the Civil Code and more than 100 other statutes) came
into operation January 1, 1998. Same-sex and different-sex couples
can now have their partnership registered. Apart from some minor
differences between the way in which it is entered into and the
ways in which it can be terminated, registered partnership is
almost identical to marriage.
The main exceptions are:
(1) a foreigner without a valid residence entitlement cannot
register a partnership in the Netherlands (neither with a Dutch
citizen, nor with another foreigner). It is not yet clear in law
what exactly amounts to a residence entitlement.
A residence
permit for less than one year (as is routinely given to European
Union citizens looking for work in the Netherlands) may not be
enough, let alone a mere tourist visa. (It should also be
remembered that in the case of two foreigners, at least one of them
needs to officially reside in the Netherlands; the same condition
applies to heterosexual marriage.)
(2) The existence of a registered partnership does not affect the
position of the children of either partner. For example, the
parent's partner does not become a parent, nor will this partner
have any authority over, or maintenance duties towards the child.
However, there are a few exceptions to this, notably in tax law.
(3) Certain entitlements to widow's or widower's pension are
withheld from registered partners.
(4) Most rules based on international or European law that apply to
marriage have not been declared applicable to registered
partnership.
(5) Many rules of Dutch secondary legislation have not been made
applicable to registered partnership yet.
(6) In law, words like `marriage', `spouse', `wedding' etc.,
together with their social status and symbolic meaning, remain the
exclusive domain of married heterosexuals.
It should be noted that
no exceptions exist for church weddings (which have no legal effect
in Dutch law) nor for artificial insemination (for which being
married is not generally a precondition).
Most discrimination
between married spouses and registered partners by employers or by
commercial or non-profit organizations is outlawed by the General
Equal Treatment Act, which not only prohibits direct and indirect
discrimination based on sexual orientation, but also discrimination
based on civil status. The status of being a registered partner is
now considered to be a new type of civil status.
B. Also on January 1, legislation introducing joint authority and
joint custody for non-parents came into operation. Now a parent and
his or her (same-sex or different-sex) partner can obtain a court
order giving the couple joint authority over the child of the
parent. Similarly a (same-sex or different-sex) couple of
foster-parents, can now obtain a court order giving them joint
custody over their foster-child. Such joint authority-custody
entails a maintenance duty for both partners towards the child. It
also reduces the inheritance tax to be paid when the child benefits
from the last will of the non-parent. So far, other parental rights
and duties have not been attached to it.
C. On April 1, 1998, a major revision of the law on paternity and
adoption will enter into operation. Until then, adoption in the
Netherlands is only possible for married couples and for married
stepparents. From April marriage will be no longer a condition for
adoption. Then adoption by an individual person (single or forming
part of a relationship, heterosexual or homosexual) will become
possible. Also adoption by an unmarried couple will become
possible, provided it is a different-sex couple.
Now the Government is already proposing changes to these three
laws.
As far as parenting is concerned, the Government seems to
follow the recommendations of the Kortmann Committee in detail:
(1) Adoption of a Dutch child by a same-sex couple will be made
possible. Foreign children (who make up more than ninety percent
of all children adopted in the Netherlands by couples) will be
excluded from adoption by same-sex couples.
(2) Adoption of a child by the same-sex partner of the child's
parent will also be made possible (this will probably happen far
more often, as it will not only allow for adoption by a gay or
lesbian stepparent, but also give the lesbian partner of a mother
a chance to become the second mother of a child born during their
relationship, for instance by artificial insemination).
(3) A new, strict criterion will be introduced to limit adoption
(by a heterosexual couple, by a homosexual couple, by a parent's
partner, or by an individual) to situations in which the child has
nothing more to expect from his or her original parent(s) (for
instance because the donor is unknown).
(4) The existing paternity rules will not be extended to female
partners of mothers. For instance, according to Dutch law, a man
can become a legal father simply by being married to a woman who
gives birth to a child. This rule does not and will not apply to
the registered partner of a childbearing woman.
(5) However, some change is proposed to the new law on registered
partnership: if a child is born to a woman in a registered
partnership, the other partner will automatically share the
parental authority over the child with the mother. Since January
1998 such joined authority can already be obtained, but only by
court order. It is now proposed that such an order will not be
required if the partners are registered and the child is born
during the registered partnership.
(6) Probably the scope of joint authority/custody will be extended
to intestate inheritance and to other parental rights and duties.
As far as the question of same-sex marriage is concerned, the
Government is following the minority of the Kortmann Committee. The
Government considers that the new law on registered partnership,
together with the extended possibilities for joint
authority/custody and adoption, offers virtual equality of rights
for homosexual couples. The main reason why the Government is not
now prepared to create also an equality of status for homosexual
couples, seems to be that same-sex marriage would not generally be
recognized abroad. (The Kortmann Committee held a survey among
family law experts in the Council of Europe, the outcome of which
suggests that same-sex registered partnership would be met with
only marginally more recognition abroad than same-sex marriage
would.) The Government does not want to contemplate the opening up
of marriage to homosexual couples before the new law on registered
partnership will be evaluated in the year 2001.
There is a small chance that the present Parliament will insist on
making full marriage possible for same-sex couples. However, there
is no time left during this Parliament to even start legislation on
the topic.
Elections will be held in May 1998. It seems more
likely that some time this year a bill will be introduced to give
effect to the Government's proposals about adoption and automatic
joint authority for registered partners. (That bill will also
provide an opportunity to correct the numerous errors made in the
legislation introducing registered partnership.) With the customary
slowness of the Dutch legislative machine, such a bill would
probably not become law before 2000, and full marriage rights for
same-sex couples in the Netherlands should not be expected before
2005, if ever.
_Kees Waaldijk, Gay Studies Program, University of
Utrecht, and Amsterdam_
Other International Notes
A lesbian couple in South Africa won a major victory before the
Pretoria High Court on Feb. 4.
The court ruled that Jolande
Langemaat, an employee of South African Police Services, was
entitled to enroll her domestic partner, Beverley-Ann Myburgh, in
the police medical plan.
The South African constitution forbids
discrimination on the basis of sex or sexual orientation.
According to press reports, this was the first use of the new
constitutional provision to seek recognition of domestic
partnership for purposes of tangible benefits, such as health care
coverage.
In an opinion for the court, Judge Roux asserted that
heterosexual and same-sex relationships deserve equal respect from
society, and it is time for the law to change to recognize same-sex
partners.
Roux rejected the defendants' attempt to raise the cost
of providing benefits as a justification for limiting the program
to traditionally married couples.
_Exit News_ (South African Gay
& Lesbian Monthly), Feb. 4.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund seeks a staff attorney for
their Midwest Office in Chicago to do lesbian, gay and HIV-related
civil rights work and public education.
Applicants should have
significant litigation experience (4+ years preferred), excellent
legal writing and speaking skills, demonstrated commitment to
lesbian, gay and PWA rights.
Experience working in communities of
color preferred.
Salary from low 40's, depending on experience,
with excellent benefits.
Send cover letter, resume and writing
sample by April 15 to: Patricia Logue, LLDEF, 11 E. Adams, Suite
1008, Chicago IL 60603.
Michael Duffy, an openly-gay Boston attorney who has served as
chair of the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination and
director of the Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation,
has announced his campaign for the office of Massachusetts State
Treasurer.
A Republican, Duffy would become the first openly-gay
person to be elected to statewide office in Massachusetts if
successful.
He told the Associated Press that he did not think his
being gay would matter to most voters.
_Worcester Sunday
Telegram_, Feb. 15.
The Bar Association of San Francisco has compiled an updated list
of openly lesbian and gay attorneys that is included on the BASF
website, so that persons looking for a gay contact for information
about a particular law firm can easily find one.
This resulted
from a project by Robert Mison, an associate at Steefel Levitt &
Weiss, to formalize what had been a totally informal past effort
that had lapsed over time.
You can access the BASF website at the
following address: www.sfbar.org.
_San Francisco Daily Journal_,
Jan. 23, 1998.
A national conference on lesbian and gay workplace issues, co-
sponsored by the gay employee groups at five leading national
employers (Xerox, Kodak, Lucent, American Airlines, Hewlett-
Packard) will be held in Rochester, N.Y., on April 17-19, 1998.
Titled "Out and Equal '98: A Professional Development Conference on
Workplace Issues," the event will be held at the Hyatt Regency
Rochester Riverside.
N.Y. State Worker's Compensation Commissioner
Marjorie Hill, Ph.D., is honorary chair of the conference.
For
information about registration, hotel and travel rates, contact:
outnequal98@cinti.net, www.outnequal.org, or 716-234-4646/888-924-
4646.
UCLA Women's Law Journal's spring symposium on March 7 is titled
"Queer Matters: Emerging Issues in Sexual Orientation Law."
Symposium papers will be published in a future issue of the
Journal.
Creighton University School of Law in Omaha, Nebraska, will be
holding a Symposium on Interjurisdictional Marriage Recognition on
June 18-20, which will include extensive discussion over the issue
of recognition of same-sex marriages and the effect of DOMA.
The annual Lavender Law Conference sponsored by the National
Lesbian & Gay Law Association will be held in Boston on Oct. 15-17.
Program co-chairs for the 1998 conference are Marcia Kuntz and Sam
Marcosson.
Persons with suggestions for topics to be addressed at
the conference are urged to contact the co-chairs: Marcia Kuntz,
1724 17th St. N.W., Apt. 62, Washington DC 20009
(Marcia.Kuntz@mail.house.gov); Sam Marcosson, Brandeis Law School,
University of Louisville, Louisville KY 40292
(samarc01@homer.louisville.edu).
J. Patrick Wiseman, a Texas civil liberties lawyer who argued the
last Texas federal sodomy law challenge in the 1980s, _Baker v.
Wade_, 553 F.Supp. 1121 (N.D.Tex. 1982), reversed en banc, 769 F.2d
289 (5th Cir. 1985), cert. denied, 478 U.S. 1022 (1986), died from
cancer at age 49.
In _Baker_, the U.S. district court in Austin
ruled the Texas sodomy law unconstitutional, but was reversed en
banc in the 5th Circuit and the Supreme Court denied certiorari
shortly after deciding _Bowers v. Hardwick_, which upheld the
Georgia sodomy law.
In a commentary published in the _Fort Worth
Star-Telegram_ on Feb. 3, columnist Molly Ivins remarked: "When the
day comes in this country (and it will), when the law no longer
discriminates because of sexual orientation, Wiseman's tireless
work and the force of his arguments will be at the foundation of
that expansion of liberty and justice for all." Wiseman had also
litigated against Texas A&M University to secure recognition of an
on-campus gay student group, and was active in a variety of other
civil liberties causes in Texas.
A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
6th Circuit Rules Against Food-Handler's Discrimination Claim
On Feb. 4, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit ruled that
a supermarket did not violate the Americans with Disabilities Act
when it fired a produce clerk who refused to submit to a medical
examination after revealing he had tested positive for HIV.
_EEOC
v. Prevo's Family Market_, 1998 WL 39370.
The majority purported
to base its decision on the "unique" facts and circumstances of the
case.
Nonetheless, the legal analysis underlying the court's
holding belies this assertion.
The case will undoubtedly narrow
the scope of the ADA's protection for employees with HIV and other
infectious diseases in the 6th Circuit.
Steven Sharp was a part-time produce clerk in a family-owned
grocery store in Michigan.
After working there for several months,
Sharp informed his employer that he had tested positive for HIV and
planned to speak at a neighborhood AIDS awareness and education
program.
The president of the chain suggested that Sharp be
reassigned to the receiving area of the supermarket with comparable
hours and pay, and Sharp agreed.
However, several days later he
complained that he missed working with customers and was concerned
about his co-employees who began asking why he had been reassigned.
Sharp then agreed to be placed on a leave of absence with pay and
health benefits (to which he was otherwise not entitled as
a part-time employee) to give everyone an opportunity to "handle
the situation."
Sharp consented to verify his HIV status with his
personal physician and to report his findings to his employer.
The supermarket expressed concern about the increased risk of HIV
transmission as a result of the frequent cuts and nicks suffered by
food clerks like Sharp in the course of preparing produce for sale.
Sharp's employer also believed he would be susceptible to other
infectious diseases like hepatitis and tuberculosis, compounding
the risk to co-workers and customers.
Sharp failed to show up for
a medical examination scheduled and paid for by his employer
despite several promises to do so.
He also refused to accept an
alternate position developing marketing information for the
supermarket at home.
Instead, Sharp sent his employer a letter
from his physician stating he tested negative for hepatitis and
tuberculosis and was ready to resume his duties as a produce clerk.
When continued efforts to have Sharp examined by a physician chosen
by the supermarket failed, he was terminated -- almost one year
after he first told the supermarket that he had tested positive for
HIV.
The district court granted summary judgment to the EEOC on the
issue of liability, ruling that Sharp's employer violated the ADA
when it required Sharp to submit to a medical examination without
showing that the examination was job-related and consistent with
business necessity.
The issue of damages was tried by a jury.
Sharp was awarded $10,000 in compensatory damages and $45,000 in
punitive damages.
The district court also ordered that Sharp be
reinstated to his original position as produce clerk.
A divided panel for the 6th circuit reversed.
The majority opinion
by Circuit Judge Eric L. Clay, joined by Judge Suhrheinrich,
concluded that requiring Sharp to submit to a medical examination
was permissible under the ADA because it served a legitimate
business purpose: to protect the health of Sharp, its other
employees and the general public from HIV infection.
The majority
rejected the EEOC's position that an individual medical examination
was unnecessary since available medical information already showed
that the risk of HIV transmission by food handlers like Sharp was
negligible.
Instead, the court credited evidence in the record
suggesting that issues such as Sharp's intellect and personal
hygiene could affect the risk of his transmitting HIV to others at
the supermarket.
The court concluded that the ADA and rules
promulgated by the EEOC permitted an individualized examination to
assess these subjective facts as they related to the supermarket's
operation.
On a bolder and more fundamental note, the majority concluded that
the demand for a medical examination was justified because the
supermarket was not required to take Sharp at his word as to his
HIV status.
The court appeared concerned if not miffed that the
record never confirmed whether Sharp was indeed HIV+, faulting
Sharp for preventing his employer from knowing whether he "had a
condition for which federal law may require accommodation."
Yet
the majority did not reveal why this was legally material, since
Sharp never requested an accommodation from his employer.
The
broader implication of this is particularly distressing, as it
suggests that if an employee reveals that he or she has a medical
condition that might conceivably require an accommodation under the
ADA at some unknown point in the future (even though the employee
does not request an accommodation at the time), the employer may
subject the employee to a medical examination to verify the
employee's diagnosis.
In her dissenting opinion, Circuit Judge Karen Nelson Moore
highlighted how the majority's analysis did not conform to the
statutory mandates of the ADA.
Her recurring theme was that the
majority's position condoned an employer's choice of "fear over
fact, ignorance over information, and mythology over medical
evidence."
First, Moore emphasized that the supermarket failed to meet its
duty to seek out current objective medical information about the
risk of HIV/AIDS transmission before it reassigned Sharp or
required him to submit to a medical examination.
Sharp referred
the supermarket to several organizations, and even gave Mr. Prevo
the name of his personal physician, who is an infectious disease
specialist.
The supermarket president spoke only to a neighbor and
to human resources personnel.
Contrary to the majority's position,
Judge Moore held that this did not satisfy federal regulations that
employers obtain the "best available medical evidence" when
determining if an employee posed a direct threat to co-workers or
customers.
The supermarket's own expert witness testified that under ordinary
circumstances food handlers do not pose any threat of HIV
transmission and need no restrictions in their employment.
Moore
cited statistics in the record that the odds of Sharp infecting a
co-worker with HIV were one in 10 million under normal
circumstances.
Even in the most egregious situation -- if one of
Sharp's co-workers had a fresh cut, held the wound right open, and
Sharp bled into it -- the likelihood of transmission was one in
3,000.
Moore argued that even if these odds were statistically
significant, Sharp could nonetheless be reasonably accommodated
with steel gloves or a separate set of produce knives, for example.
With these accommodations, Sharp would constitute a "qualified
worker" under the ADA and could not be reassigned or subjected to
a medical examination.
Moore's most compelling argument was based on that portion of the
ADA which addresses employment of food handlers with infectious
diseases.
Based on 11th-hour congressional negotiations, the ADA
requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to prepare an
annual list of infectious and communicable diseases that can be
transmitted through food handling.
Employers are permitted to
reassign employees infected with these diseases.
Since 1990,
however, neither HIV nor AIDS has ever appeared on this list.
By
ignoring this omission, claimed Moore, the majority overstepped the
boundaries of the statute, and adopted as the law of the 6th
Circuit the very fear, prejudice and ignorance which the ADA sought
to eliminate.
_Ian Chesir-Teran_
6th Circuit Denies Protection for HIV-Infected Health Care Worker
Affirming a summary judgment decision by District Judge David
McKeague of the Western District of Michigan, a panel of the 6th
Circuit voted 2-1 to affirm a ruling that an HIV+ operating room
technician's discharge did not violate either section 504 of the
Vocational Rehabilitation Act or Title I of the Americans With
Disabilities Act.
_Mauro v. Borgess Medical Center_, 1998 WL 75258
(Feb. 25), affirming 886 F.Supp. 1349 (W.D.Mich. 1995).
William Mauro had been employed by Borgess Medical Center as a
surgical technician for a little more than two years when the
Center's V.P. for Human Resources received a phone call in June
1992 from an undisclosed informant stating that Mauro had AIDS.
The Center offered Mauro a new position of case cart/instrument
coordinator with no direct patient contact, in order to eliminate
any risk of HIV transmission to patients, but Mauro refused this
position.
Then the Center created a task force to evaluate the
risk Mauro could present while performing surgical technician
tasks.
The task force concluded that the job involves placing
hands inside body cavities during surgery, under circumstances
where cuts from needles or scalpels are possible, thus presenting
a significant risk that could not be eliminated by reasonable
accommodation, and recommended that Mauro be assigned the case
cart/instrument coordinator position again.
When Mauro did not
respond to this offer by a deadline set by the Center, he was
discharged.
Mauro filed suit under the ADA in January 1994; he has
died from AIDS since the district court's decision, and his estate
is now the appellant.
In opposing the motion for summary judgment, Mauro asserted that
his job did not involve placing his hands in patients' body
cavities during surgery, although he would occasionally assist by
placing a finger on the outer edge of an incision to assist the
surgeon.
He did admit during his deposition that he had twice
sustained cuts during surgery while employed at the Center.
The
district court judge, following appellate decisions from other
circuits, concluded that the Center had not violated the VRA or the
ADA.
Supporting the motion, the Center offered deposition
testimony by several experts on the job functions of surgical
technicians, the procedure the Center followed to evaluate the
risks, and the accommodation offered to Mauro.
Both of the statutes upon which Mauro relies ban employment
discrimination against qualified individuals with disabilities (the
VRA by federal funding recipients, the ADA by employers of at least
15 persons).
However, under both of these statutes, a person is
not qualified if he presents a significant risk of danger (a
"direct threat") to others that cannot be eliminated by a
reasonable accommodation.
In his opinion for the court of appeals, Circuit Judge John R.
Gibson emphasized the CDC's recommendations concerning HIV+ health
care workers, which specified that infected workers should not
engage in "exposure prone" procedures, which the CDC identified as
procedures where the worker might come into contact with sharp
instruments in a body cavity of a patient, without first obtaining
counsel from an expert review panel; the CDC also advised that HIV+
health care workers should disclose their condition to patients
before performing such procedures.
"We conclude that the district court did not err in determining
that Mauro's continued employment as a surgical technician posed a
direct threat to the health and safety of others," wrote Gibson.
"All the evidence, together with the uncontradicted fact that a
wound causing an HIV-infected surgical technician to bleed while in
the body cavity could have catastrophic results and near certainty
of death, indicates that Mauro was a direct threat."
Gibson ended
by citing the 4th and 5th Circuit precedents relied on by the
district court.
In a lengthy, sophisticated dissenting opinion, Circuit Judge Danny
J. Boggs argued that the court (and the district court) had
improperly concluded that this case could be concluded with a grant
of summary judgment.
A key question in ruling on a motion for
summary judgment is whether reasonable people could differ over
factual issues that must be resolved in order to decide the case.
Here, the ultimate issue was whether Mauro presented a "significant
risk" or a "direct threat" to transmit HIV to patients while
assisting in the operating room.
Ancillary to deciding that issue,
the court would have to determine whether Mauro's job involved
performance of "exposure prone procedures."
Boggs showed that the
facts relative to both of these issues were sharply controverted in
the affidavits presented to the district court in support of and in
opposition to the motion for summary judgment, and could not
properly be resolved as a matter of law.
Boggs found that there was plenty of room in the affidavits filed
pro and con on the motion for reasonable people to differ in
resolving these questions.
Consequently, the district judge should
have denied the motion and scheduled the case for trial, so that a
jury could hear all the evidence from both sides and make a
judgment as to the facts.
Despite Boggs's well-reasoned dissent, the majority opinion is
consistent with the great weight of appellate precedent on this
issue.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Keeps Lengthy HIV-Benefits Litigation Alive
U.S. District Judge McAuliffe of the District of New Hampshire
invited further briefs from the parties to determine the
jurisdictional issues of whether to treat an insurer as an
insured's employer for purposes of the Americans With Disabilities
Act. _Carparts Dist. Ctr., Inc. v. Automotive Wholesaler's Ass'n of
New England, Inc._, 1997 WL 785721, 7 A.D. Cases 759 (BNA) (Sept.
30).
Carparts, of which Randy Senter was the sole owner and an employee,
participated in a medical insurance plan through Automotive
Wholesaler's Association of New England.
When Senter enrolled in
the plan as a Carparts employee in 1977, it provided lifetime
medical insurance benefits up to $1,000,000 per employee.
In 1986,
Senter learned he was HIV+ and, approximately 5 years later, was
diagnosed with AIDS.
In Jan. 1991, AWANE instituted a $25,000 cap
on lifetime benefits for AIDS-related illnesses.
Carparts and
Senter's estate sued the two AWANE entities that provided and
administered the plan, claiming unlawful discrimination under the
ADA along with several other causes of action.
The District Court
initially dismissed the plaintiffs' claims on the grounds that
neither AWANE entity was Senter's employer, and on the ground that
the insurers were not places of public accommodation.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 1st Circuit, finding that the
lower court had taken too narrow a view of the ADA on these issues,
remanded the case.
On cross motions for summary judgment, the
court declined to rule on plaintiffs' Title I (employment
discrimination) claim under the ADA due to unresolved factual
issues concerning whether defendants could be deemed to have been
Senter's employer for the purposes of the ADA.
The court invited
further briefs and argument concerning the question whether the
defendants, who apparently had fewer than 25 employees (the cutoff
which excuses an employer from ADA compliance) could still be
subject to ADA Title I liability.
The court sought argument concerning a variety of theories
concerning whether Carparts and AWANE were, for the purposes of the
ADA, "integrated" so that both entities' employees should be
counted.
The court also declined to enter summary judgment for
either party on the question of whether an insurer is a place of
public accommodation under ADA Title III, and refused to grant
summary judgment on the issue of whether the defendants illegally
discriminated against Senter based on his disability, and whether
ERISA preempted his state law claims.
_Dirk Williams_
Illinois Appellate Court Protects Confidentiality of Gay Husband's
Medical Records
The Appellate Court of Illinois, 2nd District, reversed a contempt
order in favor of a Petitioner who refused to disclose his HIV
status in a divorce proceeding. _In re Marriage of Bonneau and
Bonneau_, 1998 WL 50227 (Feb. 9).
In so doing, the court denied an
ex-wife access to her ex-husband's medical records which may have
disclosed his HIV status.
The court found that she had shown no
basis on which she was entitled to such records, which she
apparently had requested upon learning that her ex-husband was gay.
In February 1995 James Bonneau petitioned for dissolution of his
marriage with Donna Marie Bonneau; the petition was granted in May,
with maintenance and property distribution reserved for future
judgment.
More than one year later Donna Marie requested James's
medical records for a condition which "may be AIDS or AIDS
related."
Her petition was granted, and when James refused to turn
over such records, he was held in contempt.
James contended on
appeal that the requested records were protected by the AIDS
Confidentiality Act, and thus the trial court erroneously held him
in contempt.
Donna Marie argued that James had put his health at
issue in the divorce, and thus he waived the Act's privileges.
Writing for the court, Justice Colwell began by noting that the
Illinois legislature enacted the AIDS Confidentiality Act to
control the spread of HIV by encouraging the public to submit to
voluntary testing.
It noted that the Illinois legislature found
that confidential HIV testing is a valuable tool in protecting the
public health, as the State can educate those who have tested
positive to act responsibly and refrain from spreading the disease.
Section 9 of the Act states: "No person may disclose or be
compelled to disclose the identity of any person upon whom a test
is performed, or the results of such a test in a manner which
permits the identification of the subject of the test." The court
found baldly that James's medical records concerning HIV are
protected by the
Act and that no exceptions apply to such records.
Donna Marie argued that she is entitled to James's HIV information
because he waived the Act's privilege by putting his health at
issue.
She claimed that James put his health at issue by filing
for dissolution and requesting an equal distribution of the marital
assets.
She further contended that his health was at issue since
he sought part of her personal injury claim, and since the parties'
pensions would be difficult to value without knowing whether the
parties have normal life expectancies.
The court stated that a statutory privilege regarding mental or
physical health should not be perceived as waived unless the party
asserting the privilege expressly waives it or specifically and
affirmatively puts his health at issue.
It went on to note that in
the context of HIV-related information, courts should be
particularly reluctant to find that a party waived the Act's
privilege, because the legislature's intent in passing the Act was
to make it difficult to access another individual's HIV information
through the court system.
The court found that it was clear in
this case that James had not expressly waived the Act's privilege,
thus it turned to whether he had put his health in issue.
The court held that James had not put his health at issue by filing
for divorce; just the opposite, in fact, as one of James's reasons
for dissolution was the possibility that Donna Marie had infected
him with a sexually transmitted disease.
However, the primary
ground for dissolution was mental cruelty, not sexually transmitted
diseases; only if Donna Marie had filed for dissolution on the
basis of HIV infection by James would James's health have been at
issue in this context.
Thus James did not waive the Act's
privilege by filing for dissolution.
The court also found that James did not put his health at issue by
seeking an equal distribution of marital assets without
maintenance.
While a court will sometimes consider health of the
parties in property distribution, never is a party's poor health
used against him or her.
A party's poor health will result in an
increase of marital assets in such party's favor.
In this case,
James had not sought an increased award due to poor health, nor
even raised the issue of his own health, thus the court found that
Donna Marie's claim was wholly irrelevant.
The court went on to
tartly note that if Donna Marie believed she was entitled to an
increased award due to her own poor health, she can attempt to
prove that she is ill by using her own medical records to carry the
burden of proof.
Colwell quickly dismissed Donna Marie's arguments regarding her
personal injury claim and the pensions, noting that since she did
not raise these issues at trial, they were waived on appeal.
It
also rejected what it referred to as her "fishing expedition",
finding that although she filed a document on information and
belief that both parties were in good health, her sole belief that
the parties may not be in good health rests on the alleged
statement of James that he is gay.
The court noted that while
homosexuals are a high-risk group for HIV infection, Donna Marie
has not presented a reasonable suspicion that James is infected or
has even been tested.
It offered that if she believes she is
infected then she should get tested herself.
Thus the court reversed the contempt order and found in favor of
James. _Paul Twarog_
Missouri Appeals Court Requires Actual Exposure in AIDS Phobia Case
In a unanimous opinion by Chief Judge Ulrich on an issue of first
impression, the Missouri Court of Appeals joined a majority of
jurisdictions which require as a matter of law that plaintiffs
prove actual exposure to HIV in order to claim emotional distress
damages based on fear of contracting AIDS.
_Pendergist v.
Pendergrass_, 1998 WL 49138 (W.Dist., Feb. 10).
Plaintiff Patrick Pendergist received human whole blood Factor
VIII, a clotting agent, in the course of hernia surgery in 1993.
Pendergist, a hemophiliac, claims that before surgery he
specifically told all of the medical providers treating him that he
wanted "synthetic" (i.e. Recombinant) Factor VIII; he concedes that
no one assured him he would receive it.
Since 1985 human whole
blood Factor VIII has been treated with solvent and detergent to
eliminate potential HIV and hepatitis B viruses which it could
otherwise transmit.
Nevertheless, Pendergist believed that
Recombinant Factor VIII was safer than human whole blood Factor
VIII and could not transmit viruses.
Despite testing negative for
HIV antibodies annually through 1996, Pendergist sought over $5.2
million in damages from the treating doctors and hospital for his
claimed emotional injuries under theories of negligent infliction
of emotional distress and fraudulent misrepresentation.
Both
theories require that the plaintiff show injuries resulting from
the torts.
The Defendants asserted that without actual exposure to HIV,
Pendergists fear of contracting AIDS was unreasonable and did not
constitute a legally compensable injury.
California, Delaware,
Idaho, Illinois, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Tennessee and Wisconsin courts have expressly
required actual exposure as an element of a fear of contracting
AIDS claim to ensure "that the fear is not based on public
misconceptions about the disease, and that such claims are treated
consistently," wrote Ulrich, citing _Brown v. New York City Health
and Hosp. Corp._, 225 A.D.2d 36.
Georgia, Louisiana, Texas and
West Virginia courts have held that absent proof of actual exposure
to HIV or hepatitis, the fear of contracting AIDS is per se
unreasonable.
The court also cited a Maryland opinion to present the more lenient
approach applied by a minority of jurisdictions, and the concern
that "a requirement that plaintiffs must allege actual transmission
would unfairly punish them for lacking the requisite information to
do so."
The court went on to adopt the rule that, absent proof of
both a scientifically accepted channel of transmission and the
presence of HIV, the fear of contracting AIDS is unreasonable as a
matter of law and, therefore, not a legally compensable injury.
The court ruled that, although Pendergist offered proof of an
accepted channel of transmission, i.e. the Factor VIII transfusion,
he failed to offer any evidence of the presence of HIV or hepatitis
B virus.
Therefore, his fear was unreasonable, and not a
compensable injury.
_Mark Major_
Kansas Court of Appeals Upholds Summary Judgement in AIDS Phobia
Case
The Kansas Court of Appeals summary judgement for defendant in the
state's first reported AIDS phobia lawsuit.
_Reynolds v. Highland
Manor, Inc._, 1998 WL 57007 (Feb. 13).
Angelina Reynolds sued for
"negligent infliction of emotional distress" after she picked up a
used condom left in her motel room in May of 1995.
She claimed
that this caused her emotional distress due to fear of contracting
AIDS.
Reynolds had checked into her motel room and requested a change due
to a broken air conditioner.
While repacking, she felt under the
bed and picked up a used condom, which she said felt like a candy
wrapper and claimed there was a "gush" in her hands.
She screamed,
dropped the condom on the floor and washed her hands.
A motel
employee, hearing her screams, came into the room and found a
second condom.
Reynolds and her husband, Marty, went to an
emergency room with the condoms.
The hospital staff said they
could not test the condoms for HIV.
Reynolds had a burn on the
middle finger of her left hand and bloody cuticles, but could not
say if the contents of the condom came into contact with these
areas.
Reynolds had HIV tests in June, August, and November 1995, as well
as June 1996, all negative.
She kept the condoms, on advice of
counsel, in her freezer, presumably well-wrapped.
Upholding summary judgement, the court found Reynolds had failed to
demonstrate a physical injury as well as a "demonstrable fear of
contracting a disease in the future."
Key to the ruling was that
she could not show that she was actually exposed to HIV.
Writing
for the court, Judge Penland said that the standard to be applied
was a strict one.
Reynolds testified that as a result of fear of dying from AIDS, she
suffered headaches, diarrhea, and nausea.
At the time, she was
taking medication for a digestive problem.
The court noted that
despite her claim of fear of contracting AIDS, Reynolds continued
to have unprotected sex with her husband.
No record of physical
injury appears.
In his testimony, Reynolds' husband could not
point to any physical injury to his wife.
Additionally, prior to
May 1995 Reynolds was out of work due to a back injury.
During this same time period, Reynolds testified to numerous
factors which led the court to find that her AIDS phobia was, at
most, a contributing factor to her stress.
These included her
mother's illness, an aunt's heart condition and a niece being
injured in the Oklahoma City bombing, all of which caused her
anxiety.
Additionally, in October 1995, Reynolds' daughter almost
died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
The court noted that there are no reported "AIDS phobia" precedents
in Kansas. In this case, the court found not even "a minimal
possibility, much less a substantial or even significant
probability, that she will contract AIDS due to her contact with
the condom in the motel."
Citing numerous rulings from other
jurisdictions, the court found that Reynolds' fear of contracting
AIDS was "unreasonable" and that a standard of demonstrated
exposure to HIV would be required.
Public policy requires the strict standard, wrote Penland, citing
_Brzoska v. Olson_, 668 A.2d 1355, at 1363 (Del. 1995), which held
that if the court were to entertain claims "based upon a mere
allegation that one may have been exposed to HIV, totally
unsupported by any medical evidence or factual proof, we would open
a Pandora's Box of `AIDS-phobia' claims by individuals whose
ignorance, unreasonable suspicion or general paranoia cause them
apprehension over the slightest of contact with HIV-infected
individuals or objects.
Such plaintiffs would recover for their
fear of AIDS, no matter how irrational."
_Daniel R Schaffer_
Jury Finds Negligence But Not Proximate Cause in HIV Infection Case
In an unpublished opinion, the Court of Appeals of Washington
affirmed a jury finding that the state's correction department and
one of its officers were negligent for not preventing a supervised
parolee from infecting a woman with HIV but, however, found no
proximate cause for her damages.
_Wyatt vs. Department of
Corrections_, 1998 WL 40375 (Feb. 3).
The court also found no
instance of jury-tainting.
Jeffrey Walker was convicted for drug distribution and divulged his
HIV status at trial.
He served one year and was released on
community placement in July 1992 to finish out his 21-month
sentence.
In August, he met plaintiff Susan Wyatt and began a
sexually monogamous relationship.
Weeks later, she learned that
Walker was a convicted felon when he introduced her to his parole
officer, Darrin Bowerman.
Bowerman knew of Walker's HIV status and
encouraged him to reveal it to Wyatt.
Bowerman knew that
departmental policies prevented him from doing so himself.
After
seeing Wyatt and Walker together two more times, Bowerman
threatened him to tell her himself if Walker did not.
By this
time, in late September of 1992, Walker had come down with
full-blown AIDS.
He then informed Wyatt of his status.
Wyatt
eventually tested positive for HIV in February 1993, by which time
the relationship had ended.
Wyatt sued the Department of Corrections and Bowerman in May 1995
for negligent failure to prevent Walker from assaulting her with
HIV. (Walker was charged with attempted first degree murder and
assault for the exposure, which charges were eventually dropped
when his AIDS-related dementia made a trial impossible).
At trial, Wyatt testified that before she met Walker she knew about
AIDS/HIV, its modes of transmission, and safer sex techniques.
After Wyatt rested her case, the State unsuccessfully moved for a
directed verdict, arguing in part that she had failed to establish
proximate cause, i.e., that she would have not contracted HIV but
for Bowerman informing her of Walker's status.
The State then
presented medical testimony that Wyatt's sexual practices with
Walker increased her risks of infection.
Wyatt raised no objection
to the court's jury instructions, including an instruction on
proximate cause.
The jury found that the State was negligent but that such
negligence was not a proximate cause of Wyatt's injury.
After
trial, Wyatt learned via juror affidavits one juror told others of
the confidentiality statute that prevented the State from informing
Wyatt directly of Walker's status.
Wyatt unsuccessfully moved for
a judgment notwithstanding the verdict and/or a new trial on the
basis of juror misconduct, arguing that the juror introduced
extrinsic evidence into the jury deliberations that affected the
verdict to her prejudice.
She also contended that the trial court
excluded an instruction on confidentiality, claiming that the
rejected instruction would have informed the jury that Walker
waived any confidentiality by disclosing his HIV status in open
court, hence permitting the State to inform Wyatt of Walker's
status.
Wyatt appealed.
Chief Judge John A. Schultheis wrote for the court that no
extrinsic information was introduced, because several witnesses
from the department of corrections had testified that departmental
policies and state law prevented them from disclosing the medical
conditions of their clients.
The court further reasoned that even
had the information been extraneous, there was no evidence it
affected the verdict.
The issue of confidentiality only related to
the state's duty to inform Wyatt and its breach of that duty, not
to the issue of proximate cause which is the issue she failed to
prove beyond a preponderance of the evidence.
Turning to the confidentiality instruction, the court found that
there was no mention whatsoever on the record indicating that the
trial court considered or rejected an instruction regarding
confidentiality, therefore the issue was not appealable.
_K. Jacob
Ruppert_
Court Rules Against Nurse in AIDS-Fear Claim
N.Y. Supreme Court Justice Burton Joseph (Nassau County) granted
partial summary judgment to the defendants in _Barbara S. v. County
of Nassau_, NYLJ, Feb. 9, 1998, p.31, col.1, on a claim of fear of
contracting AIDS as a result of an alleged needlestick accident.
Plaintiff Barbara S. was employed as an emergency room nurse in a
county hospital.
She claims to have suffered an injury from a
needle allegedly left on a stretcher by an emergency medical
technician, while removing an emergency patient from the stretcher.
The incident allegedly occurred on December 1, 1995.
Plaintiff
tested HIV-negative on three occasions over the following year, and
filed her action against the technician, the accompanying police
officer, the hospital and the county on November 25, 1996.
Barbara
S.'s claim was for negligence, and her husband filed as co-
plaintiff for loss of consortium.
Plaintiff specified four types
of injury: the physical needlestick injury, emotional stress, post
traumatic stress syndrome, and fear of developing AIDS or some
other unspecified bloodborne infection.
The defendants moved for
summary judgment, and plaintiff moved for a default against the
medical technician, who had never answered the complaint.
In analyzing the claims, Justice Joseph noted that the Appellate
Division, 2nd Dept., has ruled that to assert an emotional distress
claim in relation to alleged risk of developing AIDS, the plaintiff
must allege actual exposure to HIV and exposure to a means by which
HIV could be transmitted.
In this case, plaintiff alleged the
second but not the first, since there were no allegations that the
emergency patient (who subsequently died from a heart malady) was
HIV+, or even that the needle in question (which was quickly
discarded and never tested) had been used on that patient or had
been used on anybody who was HIV+.
Quoting from an appellate
division ruling, Joseph noted that "mental anxiety occasioned by
the fear of developing a disease is not considered reasonable
unless there is, at the very least, some evidence substantiating
both actual exposure to the disease-causing agent. . ., and a
likelihood of contracting the disease as a result."
Thus, the only
claim by plaintiff to survive the motion to dismiss was for her
actual needlestick injury, which appears to have been minor as she
alleged no complications from the injury.
This disposed of her husband's claim as well.
Indeed, the court
observed: "The Plaintiffs' confidence that she is not contagious or
HIV positive is evidenced by the fact that they have not used any
protection, such as condoms, during their marital sexual relations
after the incident."
The court granted a default judgment against the technician, and
ordered that a hearing be held to determine the damages to be
assessed for the actual needlestick injury.
A.S.L.
PWA's Contributory Negligence May Bar North Carolina Malpractice
Claim Against Psychiatrist
Affirming a decision by the state's court of appeals, the North
Carolina Supreme Court ruled Feb. 6 that the Durham County Superior
Court erred in not instructing the jury on potential contributory
negligence by a PWA in his malpractice suit against his
psychiatrist.
_Cobo v. Raba_, 1998 WL 57540, affirming 481 S.E.2d
101 (N.C.App. 1997).
Michael Cobo, who died from AIDS while his
appeal was pending, had claimed that Dr. Ernest Raba, his
psychiatrist, had misdiagnosed his depression and failed to
undertake appropriate treatment.
According to evidence offered at trial, Cobo first became Raba's
patient when he moved to Durham to take a position at Duke Medical
School.
Cobo, a doctor, was an infectious disease specialist and
was married to Virginia Cobo (who is substituted as appellant as
executrix of his estate).
Cobo had a history of psychiatric
counseling for depression, as well as a history of furtive
homosexual activity, including patronizing gay prostitutes and
bathhouses, and drug and alcohol abuse.
According to Raba, Cobo
resisted any prescription of medication for his depression,
demanded that Raba not keep notes of their sessions, and required
that the sessions take place at 6 a.m. to minimize the possibility
of people seeing him entering or leaving Raba's office.
Raba
claims he advised Cobo to cease his sexual, drug and alcohol
practices and attempted to get him to take medication, but to no
avail.
Cobo tested positive for HIV in 1986, but resisted Raba's efforts
to convince him to seek treatment for HIV.
In 1989 he developed
full-blown AIDS, by which time he had terminated his patient-
psychiatrist relationship with Raba.
By that time, Cobo had formed
a relationship with another psychiatrist and was taking medications
the second psychiatrist had prescribed, which eased his depression.
In 1991, Cobo and his wife sued Raba on a malpractice claim,
alleging he had misdiagnosed Cobo's condition, failed to prescribe
appropriate medications, continued to treat Cobo with psychotherapy
when medication was indicated, and failed to keep notes of his
sessions with Cobo.
Expert testimony at trial tended to confirm
Raba's diagnosis of Cobo's condition, but at the conclusion of
trial, the judge refused to instruct the jury on contributory
negligence.
The jury found for Cobo, awarding $850,000 in damages.
The verdict was overturned by the court of appeals, which ordered
a new trial with a proper instruction on contributory negligence.
Unlike most other states, North Carolina has not adopted a
comparative fault approach; rather, the state adheres to the
traditional common law rule under which contributory negligence by
the personal injury plaintiff bars all recovery.
Writing for the
Supreme Court, Justice Lake asserted that in North Carolina, if
there is more than a scintilla of evidence of contributory
negligence, the judge must charge the jury that if they find that
the plaintiff was negligent and that his negligence contributed to
his injury, they must rule for the defendant.
In this case, Lake found considerable evidence of negligence by
Cobo.
Finding that Cobo's main injury was his HIV infection, Lake
observed that the HIV infection (and Cobo's persistent homosexual
activity) had no necessary connection with the depression for which
he ostensibly was seeking Dr. Raba's services.
Indeed, as an
infectious disease specialist, Cobo was well aware of the dangers
of what he was doing, and Raba testified without contradiction that
he had urged Cobo to cease engaging in unprotected homosexual
intercourse, a course of conduct that predated Raba's treatment of
Cobo.
In earlier cases, the court had ruled that a patient's refusal to
cooperate with treatment could be considered negligence barring
recovery.
In this case, Cobo went beyond such "passive conduct,"
engaging actively in conduct that contributed to his injury.
Thus,
the trial judge's failure to instruct the jury on contributory
negligence mandated vacating the verdict and ordering a new trial.
A.S.L.
8th Circuit Holds Prison Officials Immune From Suit for Putting
Inmate in Same Cell With HIV Infection
Jeffrey A. Massick, an inmate in an Iowa state prison, claimed his
constitutional rights were violated when the prison placed an HIV+
inmate in his cell.
Massick "alleged that the inmate had been
involved in a fight and was bleeding from open wounds.
During the
eight days the inmates shared an administrative segregation cell,
Mr. Massick cleaned the cell, picking up towels, pillow cases, and
sheets stained with his cell-mate's blood, and cleaning blood off
the sink."
As soon as Massick learned that his cell-mate was HIV+,
he complained to prison officials, who promptly transferred him to
a different cell.
Massick's demand to have an HIV test was refused
by prison authorities.
The district court dismissed his complaint,
and the court of appeals affirmed.
_Massick v. North Central
Correctional Facility_, 1998 WL 57224 (Feb. 13).
Writing for the court, Chief Judge Richard Arnold upheld the
district court's determination that the suit was barred by
qualified immunity.
Massick sought to premise liability on the 8th
Amendment prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment.
"The