http://www.divorcelawinfo.com/privacy1.htm
User login EMAILPASSWORD
Support
Home
About Us
How It Works
Self-Prepared Divorce & MSA
Legal Technician-Prepared Divorce & MSA
Pricing
Pricing and What's Included
How Fast Our Service Is
Legal Info Centers
Marriage Law Center
Divorce Law Center
Child Support Center
Divorce Video Library
Policies
FAQs
Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions
Guarantee
Support
Site Map
Privacy Statement for the Divorce Law Information Center
SmartLegalForms, Inc. is the publisher of the DivorceLawInfo.com web site. The web site title is the Divorce Law Information Center.
Brief Summary of Privacy Policies:
We promise to hold all information you provide to use private.
We will NEVER sell or rent your name or personal information to any third party.
We NEVER sell or rent our mailing list.
Only authorized employees may access your information.
At the Divorce Law Information Center, we understand your concerns about the privacy of personal information. Because of this, we have established the following guidelines concerning the collection, use and security of information.
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the divorcelawinfo.com Web site. When you visit a Web site, you can expect to be notified of: What personally identifiable information of yours is collected; What organization is collecting the information; How the information is used; With whom the information may be shared; What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under the company's control; and How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Privacy Statement for the Divorcelawinfo.com Web Site
SmartLegalForms, Inc. is the publisher of the divorcelawinfo.com web site. The web site title is the Divorce Law Information Center.
SmartLegalForms, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web Site: Divorce Law Information Center.
Information Collection and Use
SmartLegalForms, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. We collect information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as age), and unique identifiers (such as gender), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
We collect your name and email addresses for purposes of sending to you our EMAIL Newsletter. We will use you name and email address only for that purpose and not sell, rent or distribute you name or email address to any third party or use it for any marketing purpose. We will not disclose any of your personal information, expect when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or to protect the rights or property of SmartLegalForms, Inc.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form for individuals purchasing an annual subscription. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to process your order for a subscription. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. Personal contact information is collected in connection with the purchase of our Kits and Services and is used for accounting purposes (e.g., process a refund) or to contact you if there is a problem with your purchase. We do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties except if required by law.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Please provide us with your correct phone number. This contact is for account purposes only.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. The statistics program on our web server collects aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit which we use for internal review and to improve the content of our web site. This information is not personal information. EMAIL addresses collected from those who subscribe to our newsletter is only used for that purpose, never sold or rented, and is archived.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All purchase information that you provide whether for credit card purchase, on-line check purchase, or purchase charge to your telephone is captured by a secure server and passes over the Internet in encrypted form.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to become a Member and/or a Subscriber they will receive a newsletter. We ask for the member's email address so that we can send them our newsletter.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. We stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as FireFox and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information.
Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their email addresses from our database to not receive future EMAIL Newsletters:
You can to contact us here
You can send mail to the following postal address:SmartLegalForms, Inc.6231 PGA Blvd., Suite 104-170Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33418
You can call the following telephone number:855-545-3676 | 855-LGL-FORM
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying email address information that we can access on our servers or which you have provided us when either subscribing to our Newsletter or accepting our Terms and Conditions.
You can to contact us here
You can send mail to the following postal address:SmartLegalForms, Inc.6231 PGA Blvd., Suite 104-170Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33418
You can call the following telephone number:855-545-3676 | 855-LGL-FORM
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Privacy Officer
Divorce Law Information Center
SmartLegalForms, Inc.
6231 PGA Blvd., Suite 104-170
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33418
All of our SmartLegalForms®
are created by attorneys. If you have any questions
go to the support form for
DIVORCELAWINFO.COMPlease note: We are not a law firm. Our
SmartLegalForms® are not intended to provide legal advice or substitute for the advice of an attorney.
Seeking legal advice for a flat and affordable fee?
Check out DirectLaw.USSmartLegalForms, Inc., is celebrating 20
years of on-line business. 1998-.
DIVORCE HOME |
ABOUT DIVORCELAWINFO |
WHY WE ARE DIFFERENT |
SECURE SHOPPING |
DIVORCELAWINFO PRIVACY STATEMENT |
DIVORCELAWINFO SITE TERMS & CONDITIONS |
GUARANTEE
© Copyright, 2001-,
SmartLegalForms, Inc.
Legal information is not legal advice and information alone may not meet your specific needs or questions. Use of such information in this web site application is subject to the Terms of Use and is not a substitute for obtaining the advice of an attorney authorized to practice law in your jurisdiction. This is a legal information website.