http://www.salvationarmy.org/ihq/terms
Terms and conditions
Legal Notice
This notice describes the Terms and Conditions of Use for access to The Salvation Army's International websites, operated by The Salvation Army International Trust (‘The Salvation Army’) and referred to in this document as ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’.
The Salvation Army International Trust is a charity registered in England and Wales (no. 1000566) whose sole trustee is The Salvation Army International Trustee Company, a company limited by guarantee and registered in England and Wales (no. 02538134) at 101 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4EH.
By visiting our websites you are accepting the practices described herein, as well as the details of our Privacy Notice and Cookie Policy. If you do not accept these provisions in their entirety, you should not continue to use The Salvation Army websites.
a) This website is provided by The Salvation Army International Trust (Registered Charity No. 1000566).
b) This website is provided on an ‘as is’ basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied as to the operation of this site or the information content materials or products included on this site. You agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
c) Unless otherwise specified, the services provided on this website are for your sole personal and non-commercial use. You may not copy, distribute, modify, display, publish or sell any information, artwork, products or services obtained from the website except where indicated.
d) To the full extent permissible by applicable law The Salvation Army disclaims all warranties express or implied including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
e) The Salvation Army does not warrant that this website, its servers, or e-mail sent from The Salvation Army are free from viruses or other harmful components.
f) The Salvation Army will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this website including but not limited to damages for consequential loss.
g) You may not use interactive areas on The Salvation Army website for unlawful, dishonest, questionable or immoral purposes. This includes comments which may be considered as 'spam' or potentially construed as blasphemous or libellous.
h) These exclusions of liability will not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by the negligence of The Salvation Army or any of its employees, officers or agents.
i) All material on this website, on sar.my/tv and associated social media platforms, unless otherwise credited to the relevant copyright owner with appropriate permission, is Copyright © 2018 The General of The Salvation Army. All rights are reserved.
j) These Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by English law. Disputes arising here from shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England & Wales.
k) Your use of The Salvation Army websites is subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use, from the first time you access the sites.
If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions of Use, you should immediately discontinue your access to The Salvation Army websites.