https://www.khalsaaid.org/privacypolicy
Menu
Home
Our Projects
Blog
Our Initiatives
Recent News
Events
Social Media Hub
About Us
Contact Us
Donate
Khalsa Aid International Privacy Policy
Effective date: April 10, 2018
Khalsa Aid International ("us", "we", or "our") operates https://www.khalsaaid.org, http://www.focuspunjab.org, http://www.langaraid.org websites (the "Service").
We put great effort in making sure that we secure your personally identifiable information and use it properly.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and
disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you
have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve our Service. By using our Service,
you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this
policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this
Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
accessible from
https://www.khalsaaid.org
By continuing to use the Service, you accept the latest version of these
Terms and Conditions. You should refresh your browser each time you visit
the website to ensure that you download the most up to date version of the
website, including the latest version of the Terms and Conditions and this
Privacy Policy.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data relates to information about a living individual who can be
identified from that data (or from those and other information either in
our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data that is collected automatically, either generated by the
use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example,
the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Like many websites, we use “Cookies”. Cookies are small pieces of data,
sent from our Service and stored on the user's web browser, that is used
specifically for enhancing usability of our Service.
Data Controller
A Data Controller is a person who (either alone or jointly or in common
with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in
which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your
data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
A Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an
employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the
Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service providers in order to process
your data more effectively.
Data Subject
A Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal
Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the
Data Subject, who is the subject of the Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to
provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify
you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but
is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or
promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us
by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we
send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used
("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your
computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type,
browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date
of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and
other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookie Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on
our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous
unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from our website and
stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags,
and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our
Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a
cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be
able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Your device removes
session cookies
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various
settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Khalsa Aid International uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when
you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our
Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about
other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to
those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have
opted not to receive such information
We commit to process personally identifiable information for the purposes
described in this policy.
Retention of Data
Khalsa Aid International will retain your Personal Data only for as long as
is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will
retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with
our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data
to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal
agreements and policies.
Khalsa Aid International will also retain Usage Data for the purpose of
internal analysis. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of
time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to
improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to
retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and
maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or
other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ
than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information
to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to
United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such
information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Khalsa Aid International will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure
that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy
Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an
organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place
including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Khalsa Aid International may be required to
disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to
valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Khalsa Aid International may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith
belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Khalsa Aid
International
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the
Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100%
secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect
your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Rights
Khalsa Aid International aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to
correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within
your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal
Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you
want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to move the information you provide to Khalsa Aid
International in accordance with your right to data portability. You can
request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used
electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding
to such requests.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our
Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to
perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our
Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these
tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any
other purpose.
We do not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers and standard analytics tools to
monitor and analyze the use of our Service. The privacy practices of these
tools are subject to their own privacy policies and they use their own
cookies to provide their Service (for further information about cookies,
please see the 'Cookies' section in this policy).
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics Service offered by Google that tracks
and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and
monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google
services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and
personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Khalsa Aid
International website available to Google Analytics by installing the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google
Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing
information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the
Google Privacy & Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Links To Other Sites
The Khalsa Aid International website may contain links to other sites that
are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
directed to that third-party's site. We strongly advise you to review the
Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone
under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that
your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we
become aware that we have collected Personal Data from your child without
verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information
from our servers.
Your EU Data Subject Rights
If EU data protection laws apply to the processing of your personal data by
Khalsa Aid International, then the following terms apply:
Where we process your Personal Data as a Data Controller, the processing is
based on the following lawful grounds:
All processing of your personal data which are not based on the lawful
grounds indicated below, are based on your consent.
We will process your personal data to comply with a legal obligation and
to protect your and others' vital interests.
We will further rely on our legitimate interests, which we believe are
not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms, for the following
purposes:
Communications with you, including direct marketing where you are our client or a user of our client,
or where you make contact with us through the Khalsa Aid International website and other digital assets.
Cyber security
Support, customer relations, Service operations
Enhancements and improvements to yours and other users' experience with our Service.
Fraud detection and misuse of the Service.
In addition to your rights under other sections in this policy, you have
the following rights:
AT ANY TIME, CONTACT US IF YOU WANT TO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT TO THE
PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA. EXERCISING THIS RIGHT WILL NOT AFFECT THE
LAWFULNESS OF PROCESSING BASED ON CONSENT BEFORE ITS WITHDRAWAL.
Request to delete or restrict access to your personal data. We will
review your request and use our judgment, pursuant to the provisions of the
applicable law, to reach a decision about your request.
If you exercise one (or more) of the above-mentioned rights, in
accordance with the provisions of applicable law, you may request to be
informed that third parties that hold your personal data, in accordance
with this policy, will act accordingly.
You may object to the processing of your personal data for direct
marketing purposes.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on
automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects
concerning you or similarly significantly affecting you.
You have a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory
authority of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged
infringement of the GDPR.
A summary and further details about your rights under EU data protection
laws, is available on the EU Commission's website at:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en
.
If we need to delete your personal data following your request, it will
take some time until we completely delete residual copies of your personal
data from our active servers and from our backup systems.
If you have any concerns about the way we process your personal data, you
are welcome to contact our privacy team at Khalsa Aid International. We
will look into your inquiry and make good-faith efforts to respond
promptly.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of
any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our website,
prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at
the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
info@khalsaaid.org
0 Followers
Follow Us:
@Khalsa_Aid
Our long term programmes
Focus Punjab is our long term programme in Punjab, India focusing on providing long term support in the region.
Langar Aid is our dedicated initiative to provide emergency food & water supplies in disaster & war zones.