http://www.papiocreek.org/privacy-policy/
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Papio Creek’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.papiocreek.org, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
Recent Posts
Keeping Your Season Outfit and Clothes on the Go
Checklist for the Best Car Mechanic and Maintenance Personnel
What Can You Get from Car Maintenance?
Search for:
Recent Comments
Papio CreekKeeping Your Season Outfit and Clothes on the Go August 27, 2020If you are living in a place or a country where you need to experience the four seasons, then others would feel very good as they could experience the winter time and even the autumn season and most of the people would visit another country that has four seasons because they want to experience the […] secure_adminChecklist for the Best Car Mechanic and Maintenance Personnel August 27, 2020Looking for a mechanic in your town or city would be easy to think but it is very hard to do since you need to get to know more of them and make sure that they are going to give you the best ways to help and the professional ideas to fix the problem. You […] secure_adminWhat Can You Get from Car Maintenance? August 27, 2020If you are looking some ways to extend the life span and the years of usage of your car, then you need to make sure that you are going to take care of it and you need to ensure that you are going to inspect the condition of the car so that you can repair […] secure_admin Archives
August 2020
Categories
Uncategorized