http://www.leylandmethodist.org.uk/website-terms-of-use
Website Terms Of Use
HomeWebsite Terms Of Use
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy and cookie policy govern Leyland Methodist Church’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website. The term ‘Leyland Methodist Church’ or ‘LMC’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered address is Leyland Methodist Church, Turpin Green Lane, Leyland, Lancashire PR25 3HA. Our charity registration number is 1130063 . The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
As a condition of your use of the Site, you agree:
not to use the site for any purpose that is unlawful under any applicable law
not to use the site to commit any act of fraud;
not to use the site to distribute viruses or malware or other similar harmful software code;
not to attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack;
not to use the site for purposes of promoting unsolicited advertising or sending spam;
not to use the site to simulate communications from us or another service or entity in order to collect identity information, authentication credentials, or other information (‘phishing’);
not to use the site in any manner that disrupts the operation of our site or business or the website or business of any other entity;
not to use the site in any manner that harms minors;
not to promote any unlawful activity;
not to represent or suggest that we endorse any other business, product or service unless we have separately agreed to do so in writing;
not to use the site to gain unauthorised access to or use of computers, data, systems, accounts or networks; and
not to attempt to circumvent password or user authentication methods.
By breaching these conditions you may be committing a criminal offence. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our sites will cease immediately.
Submission Standards
Any submission or communication to users of our site must conform to standards of accuracy, decency and lawfulness, which shall be applied in our discretion, acting reasonably. In particular, you warrant that any submission or communication is:
your own original work and lawfully submitted;
factually accurate or your own genuinely held belief;
provided with the necessary consent of any third party;
not defamatory or likely to give rise to an allegation of defamation;
not offensive, obscene, sexually explicit, discriminatory or deceptive; and
unlikely to cause offence, embarrassment or annoyance to others.
Linking & Framing
You may create a link to our site from another website without our prior written consent provided no such link:
creates a frame or any other browser or border environment around the content of our site;
implies that we endorse your products or services or any of the products or services of, or available through, the website on which you place a link to our site;
displays any of the logos used on our site without our permission or that of the owner of such logos; or
is placed on a website that itself does not meet the acceptable use requirements of these terms of use or which does not comply with all applicable laws, regulations and standard of good practice.
We reserve the right to require you to immediately remove any link to the site at any time, and you shall immediately comply with any request by us to remove any such link.
Hyperlinks & Other Third Party Sites
The site may contain hyperlinks or references to third party websites other than the site. Any such hyperlinks or references are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over third party websites and accept no legal responsibility for any content, material or information contained in them. The display of any hyperlink and reference to any third party website does not mean that we endorse that third party’s website, products or services. Your use of a third party site may be governed by the terms and conditions of that third party site.
Submitting Information To The Site
While we try to make sure that the site is secure, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you supply to us and therefore we cannot guarantee that it will be kept confidential.
Accuracy Of Information & Availability Of Our Site
While we try to make sure that the site is accurate, up-to-date and free from bugs, we cannot promise that it will be. Furthermore, we cannot promise that the site will be fit or suitable for any purpose. Any reliance that you may place on the information on this site is at your own risk.
We may suspend or terminate operation of the site at any time as we see fit.
While we try to make sure that the site is available for your use, we do not promise that the site is available at all times nor do we promise the uninterrupted use by you of the site.
Site Changes
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our Liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to them and any materials posted on them, including, without limitation any liability for:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill;
wasted management or office time; and for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on them, or on any website linked to them.
This does not affect our liability to you for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
We shall have no liability to you for any breach of these Terms caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, but not limited to, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes; breakdown of systems or network access; or flood, fire, explosion or accident.
Information About You & Your Visits To Our Site
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate and no misleading.
Disputes, Jurisdiction & Applicable Law
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
Variations To Website Terms Of Use
We may revise these Terms at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these Terms may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Third Parties
From time to time this website may include links to other websites not under our control. We have no control over, and will accept no liability in respect of, the content on any external link. Any information related to a supplier or product on the website which is not part of or produced by us does not represent any endorsement by us of the quality of the supplier or product offered.
Share this...Facebook0TwitterLinkedinPinterest0
Categories
Awe & Wonder (21)
Bible Month – 30 Days In Colossians (15)
Bible Month – Ruth (10)
Bible Study – Acts (5)
Blog (26)
Galatians (39)
Jonah (16)
Online Services (37)
Reflections (11)
Spirit Filled Life (5)
Stewardship (2)
The Letter Of James (20)
Weekly Update (7)