http://www.specialcounsel.com/eq-legal-consulting/information-governance/
Trust the Processes
Rely on efficient, scalable information governance processes at every turn.
Stay Secure
Sit back and relax knowing that every bit of data is locked and double checked.
Be Constantly Compliant
Get to, and remain in, 100% legal and privacy compliance.
Data Governance
Typically, the responsibility of data governance falls to IT as they collect and store structured and unstructured data, combining the disciplines of data quality and management, policy management, business process, and risk into a formal management framework.
However, at EQ, we take data governance to new heights so that you never worry about security and privacy compliance again. You'll have a network, encryption, digital security and even physical security surrounding your sensitive files. This is information security management at its finest. And it means clean, easy-to-access information that saves your team from spending up to 80% of their time on data preparation.
We can also administer your data with processes, standards and tools that consistently define how and why it's collected, stored and retrieved the way it is—not to mention, prevent sensitive data from exiting your walls, and prevent harmful files from entering your walls. Thanks to intrusion detection, you get a breach-free environment.
Information Governance
Generally, information governance, or IG, is a business approach to managing and controlling how enterprise content is used, retained and destroyed. Your organization should implement an IG program to make coordinated, proactive decisions about information-related requirements and risk management. Whether you’re implementing a program of your own or not, we're happy to provide the following information governance solutions:
Data Remediation – Securely remove old, unused data, and eliminate archived personal information.
Data Classification/Categorization – Pinpoint where content (electronic and paper files) should be assigned and how it should be indexed and tagged, making it a breeze to retrieve metadata.
Data Mapping – Build and maintain a directory that mirrors your evolving data source inventory, identify important electronically stored information repositories, eliminate irrelevant ones, and meet all judicial standards.
Defensible Deletion – Remove "digital debris”—redundant, outdated content—from your environment to cut costs, reduce risks, and improve search functionality.
Our Legal Consulting Services
IT & Cybersecurity
Data Analysis
Information Governance
Litigation & Trial
Consultants
Mergers & Aquisitions
Outsourcing
Managed Review
RelativityOne eDiscovery Services
Your RelativityOne eDiscovery Partner
Resources
White PaperDevelop an efficient and cost-effective litigation response plan.Request your copy
White PaperLearn five ways to reduce eDiscovery costs before and during litigation.Request your copy
Sales SheetSee how we serve as the glue between the forensics providers, breach counsel and notification vendors.Download now
View All
Search our consultants or reach out to us to start a partnership.
Find a consultant
Contact Us
Follow eQ: