https://www.fundraisingstrategies.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Omega List Company, Inc. provides list brokerage services to non-profit and for-profit organizations (our “clients”) and generally does not contact consumers directly or on behalf of our clients. Although our clients may choose to contact you directly, please note that we do not control our clients or their data handling practices. If you have questions regarding one of our clients’ data handling practices, please visit the client’s website to review their privacy policy and any other information regarding their data handling practices that they may make available.
Here at Omega List Company, Inc., your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we are providing you with this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We can be reached by mail at our postal address (1420 Spring Hill Road, Suite 490, McLean, Virginia 22102), by email (info@omegalist.com), or by telephone (703) 821-1890.
For each visitor to this Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes the visitor’s domain name (e.g. “gmail.com” or “outlook.com”), but generally not the visitor’s e-mail address. For individuals who reach out to us via email, we collect: (i) their e-mail address, (ii) information on what pages they access or visit, (iii) user-specific information on what pages they access or visit, and (iv) information that they may volunteer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. We also may collect various types of personally identifiable information submitted via our Web site. Such information may include name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, and registration-related information, as well as information about your interests in and use of various programs and services.
We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Web site, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
We may use the information you provide about yourself and/or your non-profit to communicate with you, fulfill your requests for services, respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and offer you other programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our Web site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you programs or services.
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above-listed e-mail address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above listed address.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically for updates to this Privacy Policy.
Any consumers who may access our Web site can access the information that we have collected and retained from them online and request correction of factual inaccuracies in this information by e-mailing us at the above address and/or following such other procedures as we may post to this Web site from time to time.
We have reasonable security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Web site. However, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at the above-listed addresses or phone number.
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA)
Following an in-depth analysis, we have determined that Omega List Company, Inc. falls outside of the scope of the CCPA. Even so, we endeavor to provide you with transparent disclosures regarding your data and multiple ways to contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding your data. Please contact us using the above-listed addresses or phone number if you have any questions.