https://www.robertpeake.com/terms-privacy
Skip to contentHomeTerms, Conditions and Privacy PolicyPrivacyFor the purposes of applicable Data Protection laws the data controller of this website is Robert Peake (“I/me”).This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which I collect, use, maintain and disclose information collected from Users (each, a “User”) of the www.robertpeake.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies only to the Site.Personal InformationI may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit my site, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources I make available on my Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, email address. Users may, however, visit my Site anonymously. I will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to me. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.Other InformationI may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with my Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to my Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilised and other similar information.CookiesTo make this site work properly, I sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most websites do this.Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information when you visit a website. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting of your browser which allows you to refuse cookies. Some features of our website may not work properly if you decline cookies. If you would like further information about managing and disabling cookies, you can refer to your browser’s help section or user guide or you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org, which explains how cookies work and can be managed.Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.Details about the manner in which Google collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from Users is available on their website at:http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.htmlGoogle Adwords RemarketingThis website also uses Google Adwords Remarketing to advertise my books on websites across the internet. When you visit this site, Google places a cookie to serve ads on other websites based on your having visited this website. You can opt out of this at any time by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.How I use collected informationRobert Peake may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:– To improve user experienceInformation you provide helps me make content more relevant and effective.– To improve my SiteI may use feedback you provide to improve my content.– To send periodic emailsI may use the email address to send User information and updates as requested. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to my mailing list, they will receive emails that may include news, updates, information about forthcoming books, poetry readings, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, I include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of every email.How I protect your informationI adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of any personal information, transaction information and data stored on my Site.Sharing your personal informationI do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. I may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with others for the purposes outlined above. I may use third party service providers to help operate the website and the Site or administer activities on my behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. I may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.SecurityI are committed to ensuring that your Personal Information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, I have put in place appropriate physical, technical and procedural measures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information I collect online. Please keep in mind that no Internet transmission is 100% secure. Some email sent to or from my site may not be secure. Please consider this when sending information to me by email.Third party websitesUsers may find content on my Site that links to the sites and services of other third parties. I do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and am not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from my Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to my Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.Copyright and Appropriate UsageRobert Peake asserts his moral right to be identified as the author of this website. Except as specified, all copyright remains with the original author in the case of brief excerpts or quotations. Content created by Robert Peake on this website may be shared under a Creative Commons 4.0 Attribution International license.Changes to this privacy policyRobert Peake has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When I do, I will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. I encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how I am helping to protect the personal information I collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use my Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Contacting meIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact me at:Robert Peake4 Horn HillWhitwellHertfordshireSG4 8ASUnited Kingdom+44 (0)1438 871 267robert@peakepro.comThis document was last updated on 6 March 2019