https://www.olivecrest.org/privacy-policy/
×
Privacy Policy
Olive Crest has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Website located at the URL www.olivecrest.org.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Olive Crest reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; and
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Olive Crest by sending an email to info@olivecrest.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the Site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Websites. Use of cookies makes web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Website and making sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security
All information provided to Olive Crest is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Olive Crest. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. Olive Crest will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. Olive Crest stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Websites
Our Site contains links to other Websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Website for which Olive Crest has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Text to Give
Messaging & data rates may apply. Donations are collected for Olive Crest by mobilecause.com. Reply STOP to 41444 to stop. Reply HELP to 41444 for help. For terms, click here.
Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe from Olive Crest’s online and offline communications, please click here.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
Olive Crest
2130 East Fourth Street, Suite 200
Santa Ana, CA 92705
You can also send an email to: info@olivecrest.org.
Contact Us
Careers
Ways To Help
Privacy Policy
About
Español
FEIN: 95-2877102
Close
Donate
Search
Home
Ending Child Abuse
Fostering
Foster To Adopt
Safe Families for Children
Resources
Programs
Orange County
Los Angeles
Pacific Northwest
Desert Communities
Inland Empire
Nevada
San Diego
Español
Ways To Help
Donate
Volunteer
Fostering
Foster To Adopt
Monthly Giving
Estate Giving
Corporate Giving
About
Annual Report
FAQ
Leadership
Locations
News
Events
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy