http://www.publicdebt.treas.gov/privacy.html
Privacy Policy and Legal Notices
This policy provides you with information about the way we
collect and use information on the Fiscal Service website (the "Site[s]").  [This policy does not cover other websites
hosted for the Fiscal Service by the Federal Reserve Banks or by a fiscal or
financial agent.  This document also
provides resources regarding other Fiscal Service systems and services.]
Encryption
The Site uses data encryption - Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol - to protect some web pages. If a web page has an address that begins with "https://" rather than "http://" then it uses encryption.
What personal information might
we ask for and why?
Generally, you need not provide any personal information in
order to access the Site. To assist you, we'll ask for personal information
to enable us to issue securities, process transactions, make payments, identify
owners and their accounts, and provide required reports to the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS). This information may include:
your name, address, phone number, e-mail address (so that we may contact you about your requests or concerns)
Social Security Number (taxpayer identification number)
driver's license or state ID and expiration date
bank routing number and account number
We may also ask that you provide us information on your
securities, such as bond serial numbers. This information will enable us to
give you access to your confidential information and to send you e-mail
communications when appropriate.
What personal information do we
collect from children?
We respect the privacy of children and do not collect more
personal information than reasonably necessary to enable them to participate in
the activities we offer on the kids' portion of our website. In compliance with
the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we take the following steps to protect children's privacy:
We collect only enough personally identifiable information
to allow an e-mail to be sent if they have questions or comments. We use the
information only to respond to a specific request for information. We advise
children under the age of 13 to check with their parents before sending
e-mails. Please note that parents may consent to the above collection and use
without necessarily consenting to the disclosure of personal information to
third parties.
We do not have any agreements with outside organizations to
collect personal information on our site. We do not share any child's personal
information with anyone other than those who provide support for the internal
operations of the website or our agents (e.g., contractors who provide
fulfillment services or technical support to our websites). All third parties
with whom we do share information have agreed to maintain the security and
integrity of personal information.
Parents can inquire about what information we have collected
from their children online, prevent the further use or maintenance of such information,
or direct the Bureau to delete their children's personal information. This can
be done by:
calling us at 202-504-3500;
sending us an e-mail or
writing to us at:
Department of the Treasury
Bureau of the Fiscal Service
3201 Pennsy Drive, Building E
Landover, MD 20785
Do we gather information
automatically or use "cookies" when you visit our site?
We use software on the Site[s] that can monitor network
traffic and identify unauthorized attempts to cause damage or upload or change
information. When a page is requested, we can obtain some information about the request, such as the type of browser used and the last site visited
by the browser. We use this information for statistical purposes and to make
our site more useful to visitors.  We make no attempt to identify
individual users or their usage habits except in cases of authorized
investigations by law enforcement agencies.
Some parts of our Site use "session cookies",
which are very small files placed on your hard drive by a website. These
cookies are necessary to streamline navigation and, in some cases, to help you
complete a form without entering the same information more than once.  For example, session cookies are used only to
maintain a connection with you to insure you receive a response when using the Invoice Processing Platform and the Judgment
Fund Search. The cookie is immediately deleted upon leaving the site. The temporary
cookie contains a system-generated session identification only - no personally
identifiable information (PII) about you is kept.
If you have an account with us, we may use customization
technologies, such as persistent cookies, to remember your online interactions
with our website in order to customize your experience.  You'll have the
opportunity to register your computer when you access your account.
Registering your computer will authorize the use of persistent cookies and help
us recognize you as a valid user.  If you choose not to register your
computer, or if you use a public or shared computer, then subsequent log-ins
will require a one-time passcode.  Do not register a public or shared
computer, such as a library computer.
What is our legal authority to
ask for personal information?
We have statutory authority to ask for personal information
as follows:
31 U.S.C. chapter 31 authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury (delegated to the Bureau of the Fiscal Service) to perform necessary functions to sell Treasury securities.
44 U.S.C. § 3101 lets us maintain records containing personal information to provide a record of our securities programs in order to protect the legal and
financial rights of the government and the investor.
26 U.S.C. § 6109 requires us to ask for your Social Security Number and to include it on reports we must send to the IRS.
31 U.S.C. § 7701 lets us ask for your personal information in order to report and collect amounts owed to the United States.
Furnishing personal information is voluntary; however,
without the information we may be unable to act upon your requests to purchase
or redeem Treasury securities.
To whom do we release your
personal information?
We can disclose information only as authorized under the
Privacy Act of 1974, 5 U.S.C. § 552a. Fiscal Service's Privacy Act systems of records notices are published in the Federal Register. Systems of records notices can be found
at 76 Fed. Reg. 51128 (PDF) and 70 Fed. Reg. 31559 (PDF).
Will we send you non-business
information?
We will not use your personal information submitted on the
Site[s] to send you  messages.
Who can access my personal
information collected from e-mails and online forms?
When you contact us electronically, either by e-mail or by
filling out an online form, we only share personal information with authorized
individuals as follows: We do not have agreements with any non-governmental
organization to collect personal information from our website.
When you contact us electronically, either by e-mail or by filling out an online form, we may use that information to provide services to you. For example, if you submit an online form to purchase Treasury Securities through TreasuryDirect®, we may use that information to complete your transaction and provide other related services to you.
Personal information provided to us
will
only be shared with authorized individuals within the U.S. Department of the
Treasury, its fiscal or financial agents, and our or their contractors, as
applicable, who support the Site[s]?. For example, if you submit a FOIA
request through this Site, we may refer your request to the program office
qualified to provide the most complete answers. Various people or departments
may review the information you provide so that we may serve you better.
For those registered for courses at Treasury
Agency Services the data collected from the form
will be kept for the sole purpose of student transcript information and NASBA
regulations regarding issuance of CPE credits. Furthermore, we will not
disseminate such information to any party either inside or outside of the
federal government.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no
other attempts are made to identify you or your usage habits. Raw data logs are
used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in
accordance with National Archives and Records Administration General Schedule
20 at three-month intervals.
How long will it take to complete
our online forms?
We estimate that it should take you no more than 30 minutes
to fill out any form on the Site[s]. This includes the time it will take to read
any instructions, gather the necessary facts and fill out the form. An agency
may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a
collection of information unless it contains a currently valid Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) control number. If you have comments or suggestions
regarding the above estimate or ways to simplify any of the forms used on this
site, please send your comments or suggestions to the Bureau of the Fiscal
Service, Forms Management Officer, Graphics and Printing, 200 Third Street, Parkersburg,
WV 26106-1328, and the Office of Management and Budget, Paperwork Reduction
Project 1535, Washington, DC 20503.
Can I safely send personal
information across the Internet?
When submitting information electronically, especially
personal information, use the Bureau of the Fiscal Service's secure online
forms, at our TreasuryDirect.gov Contact Us page or within our applications. The Bureau of the Fiscal Service uses
encryption to protect the transmission of information that you submit to us
through our secure online forms. Fiscal Service also uses 128-bit encryption
technology to protect the information that you transmit via the Internet,
through our secure online forms. All information that you provide to us is
stored securely on our servers. Personal information that we send you in return
e-mail will be masked. For example, a social security number will be written as
xxx-xx-6789.
However, our comment form on this website at https://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/contact/comment-form.html does not use encryption.
Since it does not use encryption, you should not submit personal information such as social security number in the comment form.
What happens if I include
personal identifying information in e-mail I send to you?
E-mail is not normally secured by encryption . You should
not send personal information by e-mail. If you send us personal identifying
information using e-mail, we will only use this information to respond to your
request or question. If necessary, we may also forward your e-mail to those who
manage our websites or other federal agencies that help us to provide you with
a complete response. You must decide if you want to assume the risk that an
unauthorized person may learn your e-mail address or other information you may
provide as it's transmitted.
How is information monitored on the
Sites?
The Bureau of the Fiscal Service information systems may be
protected by EINSTEIN cybersecurity capabilities, under the operational control
of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's United States Computer Emergency
Readiness Team (US-CERT).
Electronic communications with the Bureau of the Fiscal
Service may be scanned by government-owned or contractor equipment to look for
network traffic indicating known or suspected malicious cyber activity,
including malicious content or communications.
Electronic communications within the Bureau of the Fiscal
Service will be collected or retained by US-CERT only if they are associated
with known or suspected cyber threats. US-CERT will use the information
collected through EINSTEIN to analyze the known or suspected cyber threat and
help the Bureau of the Fiscal Service and other agencies respond and better
protect their computers and networks.
For additional information about EINSTEIN capabilities,
please see the EINSTEIN program-related Privacy Impact Assessments available on
the DHS cybersecurity privacy website along with other information about the federal government's
cybersecurity activities.
Web Measurement and Customization
Fiscal Service uses web measurement and customization technologies to measure and analyze the use of its online services and to improve services and activities online.
Single Session and Multi-Session Cookies
A cookie is a small text record placed on the computer of a visitor to a website to facilitate communications between visitor's computer and websites they visit. Treasury Directive 81-08, Certification Process for the Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies on Treasury Websites, details Treasury's full policy on cookie usage.
After meeting all Treasury requirements in Treasury Directive 81-08, Treasury websites may use the following types of cookies:
Single session — These cookies remember your online interactions within a single session or visit.
These cookies expire when you close your browser and are then automatically deleted from your computer.
Any identifier is used only within that session, is not later reused, and is deleted immediately after the session ends.
Use of these technologies at fiscal Service are referred to as a "Tier 1" use according to Office of Management and Budget Memorandum 10-22, Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies OMB M-10-22
Multi-session without personally identifiable information — These cookies remember your computer (but not you personally) and browsing activities on Fiscal Service websites through multiple visits.
This technology encompasses any use of multi-session web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected.
These cookies collect only a part of your Internet Protocol address.
This partial IP address is not PII because it cannot be linked with other information to identify you.
The use of this multi-session technology is referred to as a "Tier 2" use as that term is described in OMB M-10-22.
Multi-session with personally identifiable information — These cookies remember the way you interact with a website through multiple visits (when you leave the site and later come back) and can collect PII about you or allow a website to recognize you (by combining it with other information provided by you). This use is "Tier 3" as that term is used in OMB M-10-22.
Legal Notices
See also Terms
& Conditions
Security Notification.
You are entering an official United States government system,
which may be used only for authorized purposes. The government may monitor and
audit usage of this system. You are hereby notified that use of this system
establishes your consent to such monitoring and auditing. For site security
purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we
employ software programs to monitor network traffic, to identify unauthorized
attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this website are
strictly prohibited and are subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and
Abuse Act of 1986, 18 U.S.C. §1001 and §1030, the National Information
Infrastructure Protection Act, and relevant executive orders.
Jurisdictional Issues and
Applicable Law.
For jurisdiction and venue purposes:
If you take legal action relating to Treasury securities, or any other information or transaction conducted on these websites, you agree to accept jurisdiction of the U.S. federal courts.
Unless otherwise specified, federal law and regulations, which have the force and effect of law, govern the operation of these websites and the terms and conditions.
Regulations Governing Electronic
Transactions.
We have regulations governing electronic transactions, which
are set out in 31 CFR part 370 "Electronic Transactions and Transfers relating to Treasury
Securities." These regulations generally apply as a matter of contract
law. The regulations require you to:
exercise ordinary care in protecting the means (account number, password, or digital certificate) that you use to access our site and conduct transactions electronically. If you don't exercise ordinary care and an unauthorized transaction is the result, then under some circumstances you could be held accountable for those transactions.
inform us promptly if you believe that another person has improperly obtained your means of accessing our site and conducting transactions electronically.
Accessibility.
The Bureau of the Fiscal Service is committed to making its
website accessible to all citizens. To meet this commitment, we are compliant
with the requirements of Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act, as amended in
1998.
Our website is designed to be equally accessible to those
using current, standards-compliant web browsers or assistive technologies.
If you have difficulty accessing any of our websites, please
send us an e-mail
Privacy
Related Links
Fiscal
Service Computer Matching Agreements:
CMA 1038 - The purpose of this matching
program is to establish the conditions, safeguards, and procedures for the
disclosure of savings security data (as described in section VI.C and section
VI.D) by Fiscal Service to us. Fiscal Service will disclose the data
through a computer matching operation. We'll use the data to determine
continued eligibility for and/or the correct benefit amount for Supplemental
Security Income applicants and recipients who did not report or incorrectly reported
ownership of savings securities.
https://www.federalregister.gov/articles/2013/11/21/2013-27911/privacy-act-of-1974-as-amended-computer-matching-program-ssabureau-of-the-fiscal-service-department
CMA 1304 - The
purpose of this matching program is to set forth the conditions, terms, and
safeguards under which Fiscal Service will disclose ownership of Savings
Securities to us. This disclosure will provide us with information necessary to
verify an individual's self-certification of his/her financial status to
determine eligibility for low income subsidy assistance (Extra Help) in the
Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit program established under the
Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Pub. L. 108-173).
https://www.federalregister.gov/articles/2013/06/24/2013-14980/privacy-act-of-1974-as-amended-computer-matching-program-ssabureau-of-the-fiscal-service-fiscal
Do Not Pay Privacy Program:
The U.S. Department of the Treasury's (Treasury's) Do Not Pay
Working System (Working System) is the legislatively mandated and Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) designated source of centralized data and analytic
services to help agencies verify eligibility and to identify and prevent fraud,
waste, and abuse associated with improper payments.  https://fiscal.treasury.gov/dnp/privacy-policy.html
Treasury System of Records Notice (SORN):
https://home.treasury.gov/footer/privacy-act/system-of-records-notices-sorns
Fiscal Service System of Records Notice (SORN) Inventory:
https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-2020-02-27/pdf/2020-03969.pdf
Table of Contents
Fiscal Service
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.001—Administrative Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.002—Payment Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.003—Claims and Inquiry Records on Treasury Checks, and
International Claimants
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.004—Education and Training Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.005—Fiscal Service Personnel Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.006—Employee Assistance Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.007—Direct Deposit Enrollment Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.008—Mailing List Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.009—Delegations and Designations of Authority for Disbursing Functions
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.010—Pre-complaint Counseling and Complaint Activities
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.011—Gifts to the United States
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.012—Debt Collection Operations System
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.013—Collections Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.014—United States Securities and Access
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.015—Physical Access Control System
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.016—Health Unit Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.017—Do Not Pay Payment Verification Records
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.018—OneVoice Customer Relationship Management
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.019—Gifts to Reduce the Public Debt
TREASURY/Fiscal Service.020—U.S. Treasury Securities Fraud Information System
The Fiscal Service SORN Inventory is a consolidation of the legacy Financial Management Service (FMS), Bureau of the Public Debt (BPD), and Fiscal Service SORNs shown below.
Fiscal Service’s SORNs are derived as follows:
Systems of records notice .001 (Administrative Records) is derived from FMS system of records notice .001 (Administrative Records) and BPD system of records notice .001 (Human Resources and Administrative Records).
System of records notice .002 (Payment Records) is derived from FMS system of records notice .002 (Payment Records—Treasury/FMS).
System of records notice .003 (Claims and Inquiry Records on Treasury Checks, and International Claimants) is derived from FMS system of records notice .003 (Claims and Inquiry Records on Treasury Checks, and International Claimants).
System of records notice .004 (Education and Training Records) is derived from BPD system of records notice .001 (Human Resources and Administrative Records) and FMS system of records notice .004 (Education and Training Records).
System of records notice .005 (Fiscal Service Personnel Records) is derived from BPD system of records notice .001 (Human Resources and Administrative Records) and FMS system of records notice .005 (FMS Personnel Records).
System of records notice .006 (Employee Assistance Records) is derived from BPD system of records notice .005 (Employee Assistance Records).
System of records notice .007 (Direct Deposit Enrollment Records) is derived from FMS system of records notice .006 (Direct Deposit Enrollment Records).
System of records notice .008 (Mailing List Records) is derived from FMS system of records notice .008 (Mailing List Records—Treasury/FMS).
System of records notice .009 (Delegations and Designations of Authority for Disbursing Functions) is derived from FMS system of records notice .010 (Records of Accountable Offices’ Authority with Treasury).
System of records notice .010 (Pre-complaint Counseling and Complaint Activities) is derived from FMS system of records notice .012 (Pre-complaint Counseling and Complaint Activities).
System of records notice .011 (Gifts to the United States) is derived from FMS system of records notice .013 (Gifts to the United States).
System of records notice .012 (Debt Collection Operations System) is derived from FMS system of records notice .014 (Debt Collection Operations System).
System of records notice .013 (Collections Records) is derived from FMS system of records notice .017 (Collections Records).
System of records notice .014 (United States Securities and Access) is derived from BPD systems of records notices .002 (United States Savings-Type Securities), .003 (United States Securities (Other than Savings-Type Securities)), and .008 (Retail Treasury Securities Access Application).
System of records notice .015 (Physical Access Control System) is derived from BPD system of records notice .004 (Controlled Access Security System).
System of records notice .016 (Health Unit Records) is derived from BPD system of records notice .006 (Health Service Program Records).
System of records notice .017 (Do Not Pay Payment Verification Records) is derived from Fiscal Service system of records notice .023 (Do Not Pay Payment Verification Records—Department of the Treasury/Bureau of the Fiscal Service).
System of records notice .018 (OneVoice Customer Relationship Management) is derived from Fiscal Service system of records notice .024 (OneVoice Customer Relationship Management—Department of the Treasury/Bureau of the Fiscal Service).
System of records notice .019 (Gifts to Reduce the Public Debt) is derived from BPD system of records notice .007 (Gifts to Reduce the Public Debt).
System of records notice .020 (U.S. Treasury Securities Fraud Information System) is derived from BPD system of records notice .009 (U.S. Treasury Securities Fraud Information System).
Fiscal Service is adding one routine use to all of the systems of records to share information with other federal agencies or federal entities as required by OMB Memorandum 17–12, "Preparing for and Responding to a Breach of Personally Identifiable Information," dated January 3, 2017, to assist Treasury/Fiscal Service in responding to a suspected or confirmed breach or prevent, minimize, or remedy the risk of harm to the requesters, Treasury/Fiscal Service, the Federal Government, or national security.
Fiscal Service also slightly expanded the scope of SORN .003 (Claims and Inquiry Records on Treasury Checks, and International Claimants) to cover payments that will be made pursuant to the Guam World War II Loyalty Recognition Act, Public Law 114–328, Title XVII. This change is consistent with the purpose of the SORN and many other payments made pursuant to similar statutes and requirements.
Last modified 04/23/20