http://www.freepress.net/issues/privacy-surveillance/privacy
Skip Navigation
Biden Wins. Trumpism Endures.
Here's what Free Press is doing next.
Act Now
Arrow
Breadcrumbs
Home
The Issues
Privacy & Surveillance
Privacy
In this section
The Issues
Free & Open Internet
Future of Journalism
Media Control
Privacy & Surveillance
Privacy
Surveillance
Share this
Facebook
Twitter
Social-media companies, internet service providers and online advertising companies all mine our personal information for profit. They use this information to exploit poor communities, offering different opportunities and pricing depending on your ZIP code. They track search histories and map individuals’ networks of friends — selling that data to the highest bidder.
Corporations and government are increasingly joining forces. If we don’t take steps to keep them in check, our online privacy will only continue to erode, putting the most vulnerable populations at even greater risk.
Share this
Facebook
Twitter
Senate Narrowly Votes to Undermine the Privacy Rights of People in the United States
GOP Lawmakers' Privacy Hypocrisies
Trump's FCC and FTC Defend the GOP's Assault on Privacy
Question and Answers
A: Corporations track us online and use this information to exploit poor communities and communities of color, offering different opportunities and pricing depending on your ZIP code.
A: Last year, President Trump signed a congressional resolution that eliminated Obama-era FCC rules requiring ISPs to obtain consent from their customers before selling their private data. Without these protections, ISPs will be able to share health and financial data, sell information about your online habits, and even circumvent civil-rights protections in housing, employment and consumer credit.
A: Companies like AT&T, Comcast and Verizon shell out millions of dollars in campaign contributions in exchange for congressional support for initiatives that violate our right to privacy. It’s critical that we push lawmakers to act in the best interests of our communities.
Explainer
Biden Wins. Trumpism Endures. What Free Press Is Doing Next.
We don’t want to return to business as usual. Our goal is to seize this moment as the truly transformative one it can be.
More Explainers
Insight & Opinion
Privacy Rights Are Civil Rights. We Need to Protect Them.
Online companies are exploiting our privacy, and in some cases are using our data to discriminate. Our model bill would change that.
More Insights & Opinions
Story from the Field
How Surveillance Harms Low-Income People and Workers
This year’s Color of Surveillance conference underscored how low-income folks have never enjoyed the right to privacy the elite have demanded for themselves.
More Stories from the Field
Join Us
as we challenge powerful corporations, hold policymakers accountable and mobilize millions.
Get updates:
Email
ZIP/Postal Code
submit
We respect your privacy
Thanks for signing up!
Connect with us:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Mention
Pushing for Online Accountability
December 8, 2020
Mention
Senators, Net Neutrality Advocates Rail Against Looming Lame-Duck Confirmation of New FCC Commissioner
December 8, 2020
Press Release
Republican Senate Approves Unqualified Trump Loyalist in 11th-Hour Bid to Deadlock the Biden FCC
December 8, 2020
Mention
Senate Democrats Aim to Block Simington's Confirmation to the FCC
December 8, 2020