http://www.datingbuzz.co.nz/s/help/safety.php
DatingBuzz New Zealand
Log in
Username (or Email Address):
Password:
Stay Logged In
Forgotten Password?
Log In
OR
Log in with Facebook
Connections
Find
Messages
Menu
Connections
First Impressions
The quickest way to connect with others.
Matches
Find out who you match with.
Profile Views
See who's viewed your profile and whose profiles you've viewed.
Favourites
View the members you have favourited.
Fans
View members who have favourited your profile.
Mutual Fans
Find out if any of the members you've added as a favourite is also a fan of yours.
Find
Search
Discover people by performing a basic or an advanced search.
New
View our newest members.
Online
See who is currently logged in.
Popular
View the most popular profiles.
Gallery
View members who have recently uploaded a photo.
Modified
View the most recently modified profiles.
Birthdays
Find people whose birthday is today.
Username
Look up members by their username.
Keyword
Search for profiles containing a particular word or phrase.
Menu
Subscribe
Rates
Everything you need to know about our subscription prices.
Subscribe Now
Choose a subscription from a range of options.
Gifts
Information about buying subscriptions as gifts for other members.
Subscription Status
Information on your current subscription status and your subscription history.
Help & Info
FAQ
Not sure how something works?
Most of the common questions our users ask are answered here.
Contact Us
If you can't find the answer to your question in the FAQ, just ask us.
Report Abuse
Report abuse from other members.
Safety
Hints and tips on safe dating.
Privacy Policy
Your details are safe with us.
Read the specifics of our privacy policy here.
Terms of Use
Use of this site signifies your agreement to our terms of use.
Read the details here.
Network Services
Profiles may be shared across our network. Find out more here.
Photo Help
Hints and tips for uploading photos.
Tell a Friend
Have a single friend? Tell them about DatingBuzz New Zealand.
Success Stories
Real-life stories of members who've found love online at DatingBuzz New Zealand.
Articles
Looking for inspiration?
Read our collection of articles about online dating.
Safety
We've successfully steered thousands of single people into happy relationships and while we want this journey to be fun for you, we cannot ignore your safety. We continuously put a lot of effort into creating a secure space where you can find exactly what you're looking for.
All you need to do is follow these simple, common-sense tips to get the most out of DatingBuzz New Zealand.
Safety tips that work online... and off
Lose your heart, NOT your cash
First dates: Do's and Don'ts
Safety tips that work online... and off
We moderate all profiles and photos, keep your personal details private and safe, and allow you to send and receive messages without having to divulge your true identity.
But safe dating requires some work from you too.
1. Choose a username that doesn't give the game away
We'll change your username for you if it's too close to your real name (check out our privacy policy here).
Remember also that overtly sexual, provocative or controversial usernames could attract the wrong kind of attention.
2. Be a little mysterious...
Don't give up all your personal details in the first few mails.
Reveal your first name, but not your last name; tell a potential match about the industry in which you work, but don't part with the company name.
Don't give out Twitter handles or friend potential matches on Facebook too soon and if you decide to move the conversation to email, consider creating an email address that doesn't reveal your full name.
3. Take control
One of the best things about online dating is that you get to dictate the pace at which you move. Don't feel pressurised into chatting on the phone, meeting, or even revealing personal details like your full name, phone number, email address or place of work. Just because someone gives you theirs, doesn't mean you have to part with yours.
4. Use the "Block" feature
Part of the control on DatingBuzz New Zealand is the "Block" button. If you want to stop someone from contacting you on DatingBuzz New Zealand, just click on the "Block Him/Her" link at the bottom of their profile, and they'll be out of your hair.
5. NEVER EVER send money to anyone
You wouldn't give your cash to someone you'd just met in a bar or at a bookshop, would you? Well, the same rules apply online. If you are asked for money, something is wrong. If this happens, please contact us immediately.
6. Someone on the site being abusive? Report them.
If another member's behavior is giving you cause for concern, or if someone's being downright abusive, please let our Support Team know. It's as easy as clicking on the "Report Abuse" link at the bottom of their profile. All complaints are treated in the strictest confidence and could result in, amongst other things, the suspension or deletion of the offending member's profile.
7. Trust your gut
The cardinal rule of online (and offline) dating is really quite simple - listen to your inner voice. If something seems wrong or you suddenly feel uncomfortable or threatened, remove yourself from the situation. Trust your gut.
Lose your heart, NOT your cash
Most members of DatingBuzz New Zealand are just like you - they're hoping to find someone special, and make a real connection, but just like any other facet of life, there's an occasional rotten apple lurking in the barrel, just waiting for a kind-hearted person to scam. The team at DatingBuzz New Zealand go to great effort to find, remove and make it difficult for them to join again. Scammers are professional criminals and can be very adept at hiding their tracks. They will often suggest to rather communicate on a social network app (e.g. Snapchat, Instagram, etc.) very early in the conversation, but you'll know you're dealing with a scammer when they employ one of the following two methods to extract cash out of you:
1. The travel scam
Your online match has professed undying love (usually with undue haste), now all that lies between the two of you and enduring happiness is a couple of borders. "Wouldn't it be great to meet, test this new found love?" says the scammer. But alas, he or she just doesn't have the spare cash for a ticket/visa/pet sitter. That's where you come in - love does, after all, conquer all - even temporary cash flow problems. Only thing is, once the money transfer is done, the scammer will disappear like morning mist.
2. The sob story
This has more twists and turns than a soap opera - it's drama all the way, and very detailed. A little too detailed perhaps. Sometimes it's a sick parent or child who desperately needs an operation, but more often the sob story goes around disappointed hopes. A job offer that mysteriously fell through, leaving them stranded and penniless, with a large hotel bill to take care of. There's always some reason they need the money in cash.
THE GOLDEN RULE: NEVER, EVER, EVER (DID WE MENTION EVER?) SEND MONEY - NO MATTER HOW SINCERE THE PLEA!
Please contact us immediately to report any suspicious behavior! We will take a deeper look into that member's activity and advise you accordingly.
First Dates: the do's and don'ts
First dates can be amazing - all the anticipation, butterflies and excitement of meeting someone with whom you've sparked on DatingBuzz New Zealand. As much fun as it can be to take the next step, remember to keep your wits about you, and don't throw caution to the wind.
1. Meet in public
Making a three-course gourmet meal from scratch at home might score you a few points, but it's better to have an audience the first time you meet. Arrange your first face-to-face encounter in a public place.
2. Keep it short and sweet, with the option to extend
Try to keep the first date on the short side. That way if you find the spark just isn't there in person, you can bow out gracefully.A coffee date or lunch is a good call and hey, if you hit it off, you can always let the date run on to supper or a movie.
3. Phone a friend
Make sure at least one person knows where you're going, who you're meeting, and how long you expect to spend with them.Get a friend or family member to give you a "rescue call" timed for mid-date. You can use the call as an excuse to cut the date short if things go badly.
4. Be independent
Make sure you have your own transport for the first date. Don't be dependent on your potential match for a lift to or from the venue.
5. Guard your full identity
Even though you're face to face for the first time, try holding back full details about your life and identity. There'll be plenty of time to get to know each other if the date goes well.
6. Don't leave home without your mobile phone
Make sure you have your phone with you, make sure it's charged and that you know your network's emergency number... just in case.
7. Keep a beady eye on your stuff
Don't leave your drink unattended, and keep your personal belongings with you at all times - even when you go to the bathroom.
8. Going the distance
If you are meeting far away from home, make sure to arrange your own accommodation, preferably with a friend or relative. Keep the location to yourself. If you can't organize accommodation, rather postpone the first date or have your potential match travel to your part of the world.
9. It's OK to be cautious
In fact, it's just plain wise. It's your right to feel safe and secure in any social situation you choose, so don't be pressured into anything that makes you feel vulnerable or uncomfortable.
Success Stories
Safety
Help & Info
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright © 1997-2020, The Dating Lab.
All rights reserved.