http://www.csalawgroup.com/privacy-notice
US Dollar
Euro
Register
Log in
Home page
About us
Anthony J. Aveni
Benjamin L. Aveni
Resource Tab
Contact Us
Menu
Home page
About us
Anthony J. Aveni
Benjamin L. Aveni
Resource Tab
Contact Us
Privacy notice
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.csalawgroup.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Information
Sitemap
About us
Privacy notice
Contact Us
Customer service
Search
Recently viewed products
Compare products list
New products
My account
My account
Orders
Addresses
Apply for vendor account
Follow us
Copyright © 2020 CSA Law Group. All rights reserved.
Powered by nopCommerce