http://www.vcsknights.org/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
About
About
Welcome
Mission
Philosophy
VCS at a Glance
VCS Traditions
Annual Sausage Dinner
More Information
Schoolwide Learning Expectations
History
Campus
Policies
Uniform Policy
Wellness Policy
Contact
Staff
Contact Us
Admissions
Visiting VCS
Admission Policy
Admission Procedure and Forms
Tuition, Financial Aid & New Parishioner/Subsidized Form
General Requirements
Testimonials
Academics
Preschool-4th Grade
Preschool
Preschool Academics
Kindergarten
1st Grade
2nd Grade
3rd Grade
4th Grade -8th Grade
4th Grade
5th Grade
6th Grade
7th Grade
8th Grade
Specials
Music
Spanish
Technology
Library
Physical Education
Knights Club
Parents
Get Involved
Parents' Club
VIP Hours
For Your Child
Before & After School Care
Hot Lunch Program
Parent Resources
Cancellation Policy
SAC
Scrip Program
Students
Box Tops for Education
CYO Sports
After School Activities
Student Council
Giving
Capital Campaign
Click Here -Phase II Capital Campaign
New School Brick Sale!
Click here-Brick Purchase Site
Corporate Matching Funds
Dinner Auction
Golf Tournament
Jog-A-Thon
Sponsor a Student
Events & News
Events
Calendar
News
News
Photo Albums
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Visitation Catholic School understands that you care how information about you is used and shared. We appreciate your trust. We will protect your privacy using industry standard security practices, although no technology is entirely secure,  and use any information submitted through our website carefully and sensibly.
We respect each site visitor's right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website.
How does Visitation Catholic School protect personal information?
Visitation Catholic School collects your personal information, including user names, email addresses, IP addresses, other contact details, survey response, photos, payment information and cookie data. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected. This can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information will be used to fulfill contracts and process transactions or requests. We collect your information with your consent, indicated by your use of the website, and for the purposes of responding to legitimate requests from government or law enforcement authorities. Your information is retained for as long as it is needed to fulfill your request and to comply with legal obligations.
When you make a contribution or purchase, we offer the use of a secure server.  We encrypt all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. This means that only authorized school staff or bank employees/systems will be able to read your information. Your credit card information is protected and secure when used on our site.
Our web server may automatically recognize information regarding your IP address, domain or e-mail address. This information is not viewed individually,  but is used to automatically compile statistics through a software program. The statistical information we collect may be used to:
improve the content and organization of our website
create new features and/or content on our site to meet the patterns of use indicated by statistical analysis
provide general statistical information, e.g. the number of visitors to the site and most-viewed pages
Some features of this website may use cookies, a file deposited on your computer to record information for your next visit. This information is recorded if you choose to alter your page viewing preference (for example, to choose large type), so that when you return your viewing preferences are intact, or if you choose to keep    log-in information on your computer. At any time you can clear these cookies in your browser’s preferences (or tools) menu. Visitation Catholic School does not use cookies for any other purpose than to enhance your personal visit convenience.
Will Visitation Catholic School disclose private information it collects to outside parties?
If you supply Visitation Catholic School with your email address, you may receive periodic e-mail messages from us providing information and updates about the Church, the school, our website, or notice of upcoming events and activities.
In each case, when you submit a form you will be given the option not to receive such communication. If you mistakenly receive any communication you do not want to receive, please click on the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of the communication or respond to the e-mail with a request to be removed from the list, and your request will be promptly fulfilled. We do not make the email addresses of those who access our site available to other organizations nor do we sell this information to anyone.
If you supply Visitation Catholic School with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic postal mailings from us providing information on the Church, our website, or upcoming events or activities. If you do not wish to receive such postal mailings, please let us know by returning the mail to the originating department as “refused” and your name will be removed from the mailing list.
Persons who supply Visitation Catholic School with telephone numbers online may be assured that his or her telephone number will be kept in confidence by Visitation Catholic School and used only for the purpose for which you supplied it. Phone numbers will not be shared with other organizations.
What is not covered by this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy relates solely to the information collected on this website.
All clergy (deacons, priests and bishops), mental health professionals, educators and many employees of Visitation Catholic School parishes or other Church institutions are legally mandated reporters of suspected sexual abuse, child abuse, child neglect and elder abuse. Oregon law requires such mandated reporters to report possible instances of these offenses to law enforcement agencies. Any disclosures of this nature are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Requests by law enforcement agencies for information about site users deemed by Visitation Catholic School to be legitimate and not in violation of constitutional principles will be supplied to law enforcement agencies.
Any user of this site indicating, threatening, admitting to or representing an act in violation of the law on this site or through an e-mail link contained on this site will be reported to the appropriate law enforcement agency.
Your Consent
Your access to and use of this website is subject to the Terms of Use. By accessing, browsing, or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. If you do not consent, please do not use this website.
Visitation Catholic School reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without notice to its users. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information. Your continued use of the website after any changes to this Privacy Policy will indicate your agreement with the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.