http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1996/12.96
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021
December 1996
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@counsel.com
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Julia Herd,
Esq., Brooklyn; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb, Esq.,
New York; Dirk Williams, Esq., Boston; Charles Wertheimer, NY Law
School Student.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage:http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1996 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
SAME-SEX MARRIAGE TOPS 1996 LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS AS HAWAII JUDGE
ORDERS STATE TO ISSUE LICENSES
Even the first win for lesbian/gay rights in the Supreme Court in
a generation could not really eclipse same-sex marriage as the top
lesbian/gay legal story for 1996.
The year began with the
introduction of state bills condemning same-sex marriage in dozens
of states across the country (of which fewer than half were
enacted), articles and feature stories proliferated in the media,
Congress overwhelmingly passed the so-called Defense of Marriage
Act (which President Clinton cowardly signed in the middle of the
night when he hoped nobody was really watching, although his
campaign then tried to exploit his opposition to same-sex marriage
by radio ads targeted to religious conservatives), and then
finally, on December 3, for the first time in recorded history, a
judge actually ordered a state to issue marriage licenses to same-
sex couples.
Hawaii Circuit Court Judge Kevin S.C. Chang, ruling in the long-
running lawsuit by three same-sex couples, __Baehr v. Miike__, 1996
WL 694235, 1996 Haw. App. LEXIS 138 (Haw.Cir.Ct., 1st Cir.), found
that the state had utterly failed to meet its burden to show that
excluding same-sex couples from the institution of marriage was
necessary and narrowly tailored to achieve a compelling state
interest.
The standard for the case was set by the Hawaii Supreme
Court in 1993, when it ruled in __Baehr v. Lewin__, 825 P.2d 44, as
the case was then called, that Hawaii's interpretation of its
marriage laws to deny licenses to same-sex couples was a suspect
classification on the basis of sex.
The Hawaii constitution
includes an express ban on sex discrimination.
Ruling on a
question of first impression, the state supreme court held that sex
is a suspect classification, rendering presumptively invalid any
state policy using sex as a classifying principle unless the state
can show that its policy is __necessary__ to achieve a compelling
state interest and narrowly tailored for that purpose.
Because
Hawaii was denying marriage licenses to same-sex couples because of
the sex of the applicants, it had created a suspect sexual
classification, just as the U.S. Supreme Court had held that
Virginia created a suspect racial classification by penalizing
interracial marriages when it struck down that state's law in
__Loving v. Virginia__, 388 U.S. 1 (1967).
The Hawaii court's legal analysis led almost inevitably to the
decision by Judge Chang, because it is extremely difficult for a
state to prove that categorical discrimination is absolutely
necessary (not just helpful or efficient) to achieve something of
crucial public interest without unduly infringing constitutional
rights.
In this case, observers of the state's efforts at the
September 1996 trial were bemused to note their futility.
Casting
about for a strategy, the state settled on attempting to prove that
the best family setting for raising children is the traditional
husband-and-wife marriage, thus seeking to justify excluding same-
sex couples in order to ensure that children are raised under "the
best" circumstances.
This strategy was pathetic from the start,
for it was clear that many same-sex couples (and single parents and
unmarried opposite-sex couples) would be raising children in Hawaii
regardless of the outcome of this case, so denying access to
marriage for same-sex couples would have no effect whatsoever in
assuring that only "the best" families would be raising the state's
children.
The state also argued in court papers that it had a compelling
interest "in securing or assuring recognition of Hawaii marriages
in other jurisdictions," "in protecting the State's public fisc
from the reasonably foreseeable effects of State approval of same-
sex marriage," and "in protecting civil liberties, including the
reasonably foreseeable effects of State approval of same-sex
marriages, on its citizens," but introduced __no__ evidence at
trial on any of these points.
Judge Chang concluded that the lack
of evidence on these points made them irrelevant to his decision.
The state called a parade of "expert" witnesses, who voiced their
opinions that opposite-sex couples were superior to same-sex
couples as parents, but then on cross-examination all admitted that
their opinions were not based on studies and that they were aware
that same-sex couples had in many cases proven to be good parents.
The plaintiffs brought their own parade of experts who had the
advantage, in terms of credibility, of being able to rely on an
array of studies published in peer-reviewed journals over the past
two decades showing that children raised by same-sex couples end up
doing just as well (even better on some measures) as children
raised by opposite-sex couples.
In light of this record, Judge
Chang's course was clear: the state had neither shown that it is
invariably preferable that children be raised by opposite-sex
couples, nor had it shown that same-sex couples could not be good
parents.
And the state never made any attempt to show that it was
necessary to exclude all same-sex couples from being married in
order to ensure that Hawaiian children would have the asserted
benefits of being raised by traditionally married opposite-sex
couples, thus totally failing to address the "narrow tailoring"
prong of strict scrutiny.
Furthermore, some of the state's
witnesses conceded on cross-examination that children being raised
now by same-sex parents would be benefitted if their parents were
allowed to marry.
Judge Chang's findings of fact were a ringing endorsement for
lesbian and gay parents:
"The evidence presented by Plaintiffs and
Defendant establishes that the single most important factor in the
development of a happy, healthy and well-adjusted child is the
nurturing relationship between parent and child.
More
specifically, it is the quality of parenting or the `sensitive
care-giving' described by David Brodzinsky, which is the most
significant factor that affects the development of a child.
"The sexual orientation of parents is not in and of itself an
indicator of parental fitness.
The sexual orientation of parents
does not automatically disqualify them from being good, fit, loving
or successful parents.
The sexual orientation of parents is not in
and of itself an indicator of the overall adjustment and
development of children.
"Gay and lesbian parents and same-sex couples have the potential to
raise children that are happy, healthy and well-adjusted.
Gay and
lesbian parents and same-sex couples are allowed to adopt children,
provide foster care and to raise and care for children.
Gay and
lesbian parents and same-sex couples can provide children with a
nurturing relationship and a nurturing environment which is
conducive to the development of happy, healthy and well-adjusted
children.
Gay and lesbian parents and same-sex couples can be as
fit and loving parents, as non-gay men and women and different-sex
couples.
"While children of gay and lesbian parents and same-sex couples may
experience symptoms of stress and other issues related to their
non-traditional family structure, the available scientific data,
studies and clinical experience presented at trial suggests that
children of gay and lesbian parents and same-sex couples tend to
adjust and do develop-in a normal fashion.
Significantly,
Defendant has failed to establish a causal link between allowing
same-sex marriage and adverse effects upon the optimal development
of children.
". . . [T]here is a benefit to children which comes from being
raised by their mother and father in an intact and relatively
stress-free home.
However, in this case, Defendant has not proved
that allowing same-sex marriage will probably result in significant
differences in the development or outcomes of children raised by
gay or lesbian parents and same-sex couples, as compared to
children raised by different-sex couples or their biological
parents.
In fact, Defendant's expert, Kenneth Pruett, agreed, in
pertinent part, that gay and lesbian parents `are doing a good job'
raising children and, most importantly, `the kids are turning out
just fine.'
"Contrary to Defendant's assertions, if same-sex marriage is
allowed, the children being raised by gay or lesbian parents and
same-sex couples may be assisted, because they may obtain certain
protections and benefits that come with or become available as a
result of marriage. See __Baehr v. Lewin__, 74 Haw. 530, 560-561,
852 P.2d 44, 59 (1993), for a list of noteworthy marital rights and
benefits.
"In Hawaii, and elsewhere, same-sex couples can, and do, have
successful, loving and committed relationships. In Hawaii, and
elsewhere, people marry for a variety of reasons including, but not
limited to the following: (1) having or raising children; (2)
stability and commitment; (3) Pmne1onal closeness (4) intimacy and
monogamy; (5) the establishment of a framework for a long-term
relationship; (6) personal significance; (7) recognition by
society; and (8) certain legal and economic protections, benefits
and obligations. . . .
In Hawaii, and elsewhere, gay men and
lesbian women share this same mix of reasons for wanting to be able
to marry.
"Simply put, Defendant has failed to establish or prove that the
public interest in the well-being of children and families, or the
optimal development of children will be adversely affected by
same-sex marriage." Capping detailed conclusions of law, Judge
Chang held that "the evidence presented by Defendant does not
establish or prove that same-sex marriage will result in prejudice
or harm to an important public or governmental interest.
Defendant
has not demonstrated a basis for his claim of the existence of
compelling state interests sufficient to justify withholding the
legal status of marriage from Plaintiffs. . .
The evidentiary
record presented in this case does not justify the sex-based
classification of HRS 572-1."
Chang concluded his opinion by
enjoining the Director of the Department of Health, Lawrence H.
Miike, and his departmental employees, "from denying an application
for a marriage license solely because the applicants are of the
same sex."
The state quickly filed a motion to stay the ruling pending appeal
to the Hawaii Supreme Court.
Judge Chang granted the stay on Dec.
4.
A stay is probably the most prudent thing at this time, to try
to forestall precipitous action by the newly-elected Hawaii
legislature, generally seen as less supportive of same-sex marriage
rights than its predecessor, while the case proceeds to appellate
review.
Although attempts in the legislature to overrule the Hawaii Supreme
Court's 1993 decision through a state constitutional amendment have
fallen short so far, the imminence of a final victory for the
plaintiffs, combined with a controversy-ridden ballot measure
(passed by voters but already questioned in a court challenge by
the state AFL-CIO) mandating the legislature to call a state
constitutional convention, will surely create a volatile political
situation in Hawaii in the months ahead.
The incumbent chair of
the Senate committee that stalled the amendment last time around
was not re-elected, although his successor as committee chair is
expected to oppose such an amendment in the next session.
Polls in
Hawaii still show a majority of the electorate opposed to same-sex
marriage, although there is considerable support for domestic
partnership recognition.
Traditional native Hawaiian culture, it
is said, accepted the legitimacy of same-sex relationships, making
Hawaii a state uniquely receptive for progress in this area.
Perhaps overlooked by some in the same-sex marriage excitement was
the extraordinary action of the Hawaii Senate last year in narrowly
passing a broadly-worded domestic partnership bill that would have
given same-sex couples access to virtually all the rights of
married couples under state law.
Although the bill never came to
a vote in the other house, it remains in reserve as a potential
bargaining chip in the ongoing legislative response to the same-sex
marriage issue.
Representing the plaintiffs in this historic litigation are Hawaii
attorneys Dan Foley, who initially took on their case many years
ago at a time when lesbian and gay rights legal organizations were
discouraging same-sex marriage litigation, and Kirk Cashmere, and
the Marriage Project of Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund,
directed by Lambda staff attorney Evan Wolfson, which entered the
case at the plaintiffs' invitation when it reached the appellate
level.
Foley, Wolfson and Cashmere worked as co-counsel for the
trial before Judge Chang.
A.S.L.
@SEC = LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Supreme Court to Review Internet Indecency Statute
The U.S. Supreme Court announced Dec. 6 that it would review a
decision by a special three-judge district court that found
unconstitutional two key provisions from the Communications Decency
Act of 1996.
__Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union__, No. 96-
511; decision below: __ACLU v. Reno__, 929 F.Supp. 824 (E.D.Pa.,
June 11, 1996).
The stricken provisions prohibited electronic
transmission of "indecent" materials (47 U.S.C. sec. 223(a)) and
electronic transmission of "patently offensive" materials (47
U.S.C. sec. 223(d)) on the Internet. Although the primary
Congressional motivation in passing these provisions was to ban the
transmission of pornographic pictures, the broadly drafted language
could pose a clear threat to free speech about sexual matters on
the Internet.
The district court unanimously agreed that these
restrictions violated constitutional protection for freedom of
speech, although each of the judges wrote a separate opinion
justifying this conclusion.
The Court's announcement noting
probably jurisdiction in the case also set a tight briefing
schedule.
The government's brief is due January 21, the appellees'
briefs to be filed by February 20, and reply briefs by March 7,
with argument to follow shortly thereafter.
A.S.L.
Lambda Victorious in Nabozny Trial; Monetary Settlement of Almost
$1 Million Reached After Jury Verdict
In the first such case to go to trial under federal court
jurisdiction of constitutional tort claims against state officials,
lawyers from Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund won a jury
verdict on liability Nov. 19 on claims by Jamie Nabozny against
three Ashland, Wisconsin, public school officials who failed to
take action to protect him from homophobic harassment and assault
by fellow high school students.
(The jury also determined that the
school district was not itself liable as an entity.)
Following the
jury verdict on liability, lawyers for the plaintiff and the school
district's liability insurer negotiated through the night and
announced a monetary settlement of Nabozny's claim on Nov. 20.
The
defendants' insurer will pay Nabozny $900,000 in damages and up to
$62,000 for Nabozny's medical expenses stemming from his harassment
experiences at the school.
When Nabozny first brought his claim to the federal district court
in Wisconsin, it was dismissed due to doubts by the judge that the
court had jurisdiction.
But the U.S. Court of Appeals reversed
that ruling in July, setting the stage for a full trial on the
merits in federal district court.
__Nabozny v. Podlesny, 92 F.3d
446 (Jul. 31).
The appeals court found that Nabozny had stated an
equal protection claim by alleging that the school routinely
enforced its sexual harassment policy when male students harassed
female students, but refused to enforce it when male students
harassed another male student; this potentially offended equal
protection whether the discrimination was characterized as being on
account the victim's sex or sexual orientation.
The trial began on
Nov. 18, with the jury announcing its verdict on the 19th, after
hearing testimony by Nabozny, his mother, and another former
student detailing the harassment and the school's failure to take
action, and testimony by the defendants claiming that they were
unaware of Nabozny's problems.
Nabozny, now 21, has become an
eloquent spokesman on the issue of the needs of gay youth in the
nation's schools.
Nabozny's trial attorney was Lambda cooperating attorney David
Springer of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, with assistance
from Patricia Logue, Managing Attorney of Lambda's Chicago office,
and Lambda staff attorney David Buckel from Lambda's New York
office.
Although the settlement means that there will be no
appellate ruling on the __merits__ in this case, a precedent has
been set by the 7th Circuit's published opinion upholding the right
of action for lesbian/gay students who are not afforded equal
assistance in combatting anti-gay harassment from fellow students,
which should prove useful in other cases to young people who suffer
unredressed harassment in school because of their actual or
perceived sexual orientation.
A.S.L.
9th Circuit Finds Restrictions on National Endowment for the Arts
Grants Unconstitutionally Vague and Content-Based
Ruling on a challenge brought by applicants for funding from the
National Endowment for the Arts whose applications were denied, a
divided panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit
affirmed a district court decision that part of the standard
adopted by Congress is both impermissibly vague and imposes an
impermissible content-based restriction on protected speech.
__Finley v. National Endowment for the Arts__, 1996 WL 636040.
In
the majority were Circuit Judges Browning and Ferguson, with
Circuit Judge Kleinfeld dissenting.
Congress responded to a public controversy surrounding certain NEA-
funded projects, including an exhibit of homoerotic photographs by
Robert Mapplethorpe and artwork by Andres Serrano criticized as
"blasphemous," by amending the NEA's controlling statute to require
that in deciding on grant applications, the endowment must "tak[e]
into consideration general standards of decency and respect for the
diverse beliefs and values of the American public."
Among those
whose grant applications were denied under this new standard was
prominent gay performance artist Tim Miller, who is a co-plaintiff
in this case.
Affirming a decision by District Judge Tashima, the majority
rejected arguments by the NEA that the "decency and respect"
language was not really an operational part of the statute, and
subjected the language to careful analysis under due process and
first amendment principles.
The NEA had argued that it could, by
regulation, implement this language in a way that would obviate any
vagueness problem, but the court was not buying this argument,
pointing out that "the NEA has failed to present a narrowing
construction that is consistent with the language and purpose of
the statute. . ."
Particularly addressing the contention that NEA
could construe the language only to ban grants for obscene art,
Judge Browning wrote that Congress had adopted this provision
"because it was broader and had a different meaning than the
provision prohibiting the funding of obscene art."
Browning
concluded that the problem with the provision was that it, in
effect, created no discernible standard at all:
"Since it is not susceptible to objective definition, the `decency
and respect' standard gives rise to the danger of arbitrary and
discriminatory application.
It grants government officials power
to deny an application for funding if the application offends the
officials' subjective beliefs and values.
Inevitably, NEA's
decision not to fund a particular artist or project as indecent or
disrespectful will depend in part on who is judging the application
and whether that official agrees with the artist's point of view.
Under such a grant of authority, funding may be refused because of
the artist's political or social message or because the art or the
artist is too controversial.
This danger is especially pronounced
because a vague statute effectively shields decisions from review.
Where First Amendment liberties are at stake, such a grant of
authority violates fundamental principles of due process."
Although this analysis was sufficient to declare the statute
unconstitutional, the court also addressed the alternative ground
for challenge: that the statute was a content-based restriction on
speech.
Here the court had to distinguish the decisions in __Regan
v. Taxation With Representation__, 461 U.S. 540 (1983), and __Rust
v. Sullivan__, 500 U.S. 173 (1991), in which the Supreme Court had
upheld what appeared on their faces to be content-based speech
restrictions.
In those cases, the Court said, that "when the
government appropriates public funds to establish a program, it is
entitled to define the limits of that program."
But Browning
observed that the Court recognized limitations to this general
principle when it explained in __Rust__ that such an approach would
not apply to traditional public fora or to universities.
Browning
drew from this the teaching that content-neutrality would be
required if a particular area is a "traditional sphere of free
expression," or if the government's intention in establishing a
particular program is to "encourage a diversity of views from
private speakers."
To Browning, the NEA seemed a prime example of these exceptions to
the more general rule: the NEA was established to deal with a
traditional sphere of free expression -- theater and art -- and was
intended to democratize theater and art by spreading money around
to a wide variety of artists.
Objecting to these conclusions, Judge Kleinfeld argued that
government is not required to pay for art just because the
constitution precludes the government from directly censoring such
art.
"By drawing the line between private expression and
government conduct, we preserve liberty for individual expression,
while preserving democracy for governmental decisions.
Any time
government enters a previously private sphere of conduct, the line
becomes blurred, and the issues difficult." Kleinfeld argued that
NEA grants were not an entitlement; only a handful of grants are
given each year in relation to the huge number of applications, and
the decision whether to fund a particular application is
necessarily content-based.
"Of course the statutory criteria are
vague," Kleinfeld conceded.
"`Decency and respect for the diverse
beliefs and values of the American people' is vague. `Artistic
excellence' and `artistic merit' are also vague, and could not be
proper criteria for censorship or discrimination in an entitlement
program.
The constitution would not allow the government to censor
expression on the ground that it was not art, or though art, was
not excellent art.
But this does not mean that the government
cannot condition prizes on the excellence of art."
If the NEA
grants are seen as, in essence, prizes, Kleinfeld argues, the
problems with content-based decisionmaking or vague standards
really disappear.
The plaintiffs are represented by David Cole on behalf of the
Center for Constitutional Rights, with amicus assistance from
numerous pro bono attorneys, as well as People for the American
Way.
A.S.L.
4th Circuit Rejects Selland Appeal
Relying on its recent en banc decision in __Thomasson v. Perry__,
80 F.3d 915 (4th Cir. en banc), cert. denied, 65 U.S.L.W. 3033
(Oct. 21, 1996), the 4th Circuit denied an appeal by Lieutenant
Dirk Selland from a decision by U.S. District Judge Joseph Young
upholding Selland's discharge from the Navy based on his statement
that he is gay.
__Selland v. Perry__, 1996 WL 647265 (Nov. 7).
The court decided to dispense with oral argument "because the
dispositive issue has recently been decided authoritatively," and
ordered "dissolved forthwith" the injunction against discharge that
Judge Young had issued pending appeal of the order.
A.S.L.
Massachusetts Appeals Court Unswayed by Juror Admission of
Homophobia
Despite a juror's post-verdict confession of anti-gay bias, a
Massachusetts appellate court turned down a defendant's bid for a
new trial.
In __Commonwealth v. Delp__, 1996 WL 665794 (Oct. 8),
the Appeals Court of Massachusetts affirmed Christian Delp's
conviction of three counts of rape of a fifteen-year-old child and
one count of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
Shortly after the verdict was reached, a member of the __Delp__
jury wrote to the court that as soon as the juror heard Delp's
voice he immediately realized that the defendant was a homosexual.
From that point on, the juror revealed, he accepted all the
prosecution's testimony "as gospel" and dismissed as
"unsubstantial" all of the defense testimony.
After defense
counsel moved for a new trial, the trial court held a hearing and
heard oral testimony.
The juror testified that besides being
influenced by his own anti-gay bias, he was influenced by anti-gay
remarks of other jurors.
Responding to questions from the bench
and the prosecutor, the juror stated that, at the time it was
delivered, he was satisfied with the verdict and that he tried not
to be biased.
One month after the hearing, the court, without
findings, denied the motion for a new trial.
The appellate court emphasized that precedent supported "the
importance of the finality of the jury verdict."
Towards this end,
admissible juror testimony should be limited to the intrusion of
external elements which can be objectively evaluated.
Testimony as
to matters which are residing in a juror's consciousness are
outweighed by the requirement for stability in verdicts and
therefore should be inadmissible. Although courts allow evidence of
juror bias which surfaces during deliberations, Delp's counsel
chose not to question other jurors about their prejudices.
On the
other hand, the prosecution made no objection to the admissibility
of evidence of the bias of the juror who came forward.
The court,
however, gave the juror's testimony little weight and characterized
it as "oft expressed second thoughts of a conscientious juror."
The court reasoned that the trial judge's conclusion after he
questioned the juror implied that the juror was unbiased.
In
addition to its rejection of Delp's claim of juror bias, the
appellate court found insufficient his additional claims that he
had ineffective assistance of counsel and that the prosecution
failed to disclose exculpatory evidence.
C.W.
NY Appellate Division Upholds Barring Evidence of Gay Victim's Past
Conduct in Murder Trial
In a unanimous decision in __People v. Tenace__, 1996 WL 630943
(3rd Dept. Oct. 31), the Appellate Division of the New York Supreme
Court, Third Department, affirmed the trial court, ruling that the
defendant in a murder case had suffered no prejudice when evidence
concerning the victim's past sexual conduct was not admitted into
evidence. The defendant, Tenace (19 years old at the time of the
crime) was convicted of manslaughter in the first degree and
sentenced to 8 to 25 years. The case was one where there were
obvious sexual overtones.
The record showed that Tenace and another young male co-defendant,
Garrette, were picked up by the 68-year-old male victim in downtown
Schenectady, New York.
Garrette testified at trial that as the
victim drove them to his home, he asked them questions about male
sex and discussed liaisons with them. He testified that after they
arrived at his home, the victim came on to him, grabbing him by the
crotch and suggesting intercourse. Tenace testified that he
rejected these advances, but that he and Garrette agreed to pose
for the victim in their underwear, after which time the victim
would take them home. Tenace testified that after the pictures were
taken, he heard the co-defendant yelling at the victim, and he
observed the victim making advances on Garrette. The two then
attacked the victim, giving him a severe beating and striking him
with a ceramic statue. The victim's hands and feet were bound and
he was gagged. The perpetrators then stole the statue used in the
assault, a VCR, money from the victim's wallet, Christmas gifts and
the victim's automobile. The house was cleaned of any indication of
their presence. The victim was found dead in the condition he was
left, a day later.
Tenace contends that evidence of the victim's past sexual conduct
with other young men was relevant in order to prove his defense of
justification and severe emotional disturbance. New York's Crim.
Prac. L. 60.43, however, prohibits admission of evidence of the
victim's past sexual conduct unless the evidence is determined to
be relevant and in the interests of justice after an offer of
proof. The Appellate Division ruled that no such showing was made
to the trial court, the defense having only made general statements
to that effect.
More important, said the court, was that the State never challenged
the victim's homosexual proclivities; indeed, they were
acknowledged in the State's opening statement. Tenace testified in
great detail at trial as to the nature of the sexual advances made,
the photos shown to him, and the pictures taken of him. Thus, the
court ruled, the record was replete with evidence of the victim's
sexual proclivities, and any testimony as to past sexual conduct
would have been merely cumulative. S.K.
Domestic Partnership & Marriage Notes
Among early reactions to the __Baehr v. Miike__ decision (see lead
story): Massachusetts Governor William Weld, a Republican, told the
__Boston Globe__ (Dec. 5) that in his view DOMA is
unconstitutional, and that Massachusetts should extend full faith
and credit to same-sex marriages performed in Hawaii.
As to his
credentials to pronounce on the constitutionality of statutes, Weld
is a lawyer who served as a high official in the U.S. Justice
Department during the Reagan Administration.
In another reaction,
Tammy Baldwin, a state legislator in Wisconsin, announced she would
introduce a bill to authorize same-sex marriage in that state,
while the state legislator who had sponsored last year's
unsuccessful anti-same-sex marriage bill indicated he would push
for a state constitutional amendment.
Following up on a vote reported last month, the San Francisco Board
of Supervisors took a second vote on Nov. 4 on a measure that will
bar the city from contracting with private employers who do not
offer employee benefits to domestic partners of their employees on
the same basis as spouses.
Mayor Willie Brown, who had stated his
support for the bill "in concept," signed the measure soon after
passage.
There is a provision authorizing waiving this requirement
where a particular company would be "economically disadvantaged" by
adhering to the law, or where the business is "the sole provider"
of a required service.
Of course, an employer who provides no
employee benefits to spouses is not required to provide benefits to
domestic partners in order to do business with the city.
__San
Francisco Chronicle__, Nov. 5 & 9.
The __Capital Times__ of Madison, Wisconsin, reported Nov. 5 that
a gay organization at the University of Wisconsin had negotiated
with a private company, Student Insurance Division, to provide
insurance with domestic partnership eligibility for students.
The
newspaper reported that the University Health Services, which had
sought to provide such coverage initially, backed down in Aug. 1994
after the state insurance commissioner challenged UHS's definition
of domestic partnership eligibility.
In addition to providing
domestic partnership coverage, the private plan actually costs less
than the University Health Insurance Plan!
West Contra Costa Unified School District agreed during contract
negotiations with the unions representing its employees to extend
insurance coverage to domestic partners of employees.
Then the
district got cold feet and refused to extend the coverage.
Arbitrator Martin Henner ordered that the school district live up
to its agreement, in the first published labor arbitration decision
we have seen concerning domestic partnership benefits. __United
Teachers of Richmond and West Contra Costa Unified School
District__, 96-2 ARB para. 6348.
According to Internet postings, two more high tech companies have
announced domestic partnership benefits plans effective January 1,
1997: Centigram and Qualcomm.
The Boston Globe (Nov. 23) reported a survey by Towers Perrin,
benefit consultants, showing that seven percent of "large U.S.
companies" now provide domestic partnership coverage for medical or
dental benefits to partners of gay or lesbian employees.
A
principal of Towers Perrin, Paul Matthews, pointed out that such
benefits "were unheard of 10 or 15 years ago," but that his company
expects "that these benefits will only grow in popularity as more
companies see them as a way to attract and retain valuable
employees."
A.S.L.
Virginia Appeals Court Upholds Divorce Decree Against Gay Husband
for "Cruelty"
Writing for the Court of Appeals of Virginia, Judge Willis held
that the trial court did not err in granting a divorce on the
ground of cruelty premised on the homosexual "coming out"
activities of a gay husband.
__Thomas v. Thomas__, 1996 WL 679985
(Nov. 26) (not officially published).
Henry and Marian Thomas were married in 1964, and had two sons.
Henry is now unemployed.
Throughout the marriage, Henry kept their
finances separate.
He paid the mortgage, real estate taxes,
insurance and utilities, but sometimes fell behind on his
obligations.
Marian, who is employed by the Society for the
Prevention of Blindness, paid all other expenses, maintained the
family home (including paying for repairs and renovations), and
entertained business guests of Henry.
In November 1993, Henry
moved out, after a period of ten years during which Henry and
Marian had ceased to have a sexual relationship.
The last time
they had sex, Henry "told his wife that he fantasized about being
homosexual and that she was the only one who could `save' him.
She
later found a register from a bed and breakfast establishment that
caters to homosexuals, revealing that her husband had spent a
weekend there with another man.
She also found correspondence that
he had received through a homosexual pen pal club, along with
homosexual pornographic videos and paraphernalia."
Marian sued for
divorce, specifying cruelty and constructive desertion as grounds,
specifically alleging Henry's homosexuality.
In response to
requests for admissions, Henry admitted that he was gay.
Ultimately, the court granted Marian's divorce, premised on
cruelty.
(There are other issues in the appeal concerning terms of
the divorce that are not discussed in this report.)
Henry claimed on appeal that there was no evidence that his
homosexual activity amounted to cruelty to Marian, and further
asserted that she had "condoned" his homosexual behavior.
The
court rejected these arguments: "The evidence established that Mr.
Thomas admitted under oath that he was homosexual, that he spent at
least one weekend with another man, that he received correspondence
from homosexual men through a homosexual pen pal club, and that he
confessed his homosexuality to his children and colleagues.
He
assaulted Ms. Thomas during a confrontation over his homosexual
conduct.
The trial court did not err in allowing Ms. Thomas to
produce this evidence because she specifically pleaded it in her
bill of complaint for divorce.
The trial court properly awarded
Ms. Thomas a divorce on the ground of cruelty.
The trial court did
not err in finding that Ms. Thomas had not condoned her husband's
homosexuality.
"Knowledge of the misconduct is necessary before
condonation may occur." __Hollis v. Hollis__, 16 Va.App. 74, 77,
427 S.E.2d 233, 235 (1993).
The evidence showed that at the time
the parties had sexual relations, Ms. Thomas believed Mr. Thomas'
homosexuality was a fantasy.
When she discovered that it truly
existed, she terminated marital relations.__ A.S.L.
Federal Court Orders Discovery on Securities Arbitration Agreement
in Case Brought by Gay Employee
A federal district court rejected defendants' motion to compel
arbitration in a suit brought by a securities industry employee
under the federal, state and city anti-discrimination statutes.
In
__Berger v. Cantor Fitzgerald Securities__, 1996 WL 640888
(S.D.N.Y. Nov. 4), U.S. District Judge Shira Scheindlin
ordered
the parties to commence discovery on plaintiff's claim that the
defendants used misrepresentation, high pressure tactics and unfair
dealing to compel plaintiff to sign an agreement to arbitrate.
Brian Berger started work at Cantor Fitzgerald Securities (Cantor)
in October 1991 as a clerk.
In January 1994, Berger was promoted
to work as assistant to broker Michelle Digiaro.
In September
1994, Digiaro entered into a conversation with two other brokers in
which they made several homophobic remarks about Berger.
After
Berger overheard the conversation he complained to a Senior
Managing Director at Cantor.
Berger alleges he was branded a
"snitch" and a "rat" by Digiaro and others.
As a result, Berger
claims he was treated like a pariah.
Cantor fired Berger in March
1995, charging him with excessive lateness and poor performance.
To support its motion to compel arbitration, Cantor asserted that
Berger was bound by the U-4 form which he signed in November 1993.
The U-4 contains an arbitration clause specifying that any dispute
between the plaintiff and his employer arising from the plaintiff's
employment must be submitted to mandatory arbitration according to
the rules of the National Association of Security Dealers (NASD).
Berger maintains that at the time he was required to sign the U-4,
he was not given the NASD manual and therefore did not understand
the content and scope of the arbitration clause.
As a result,
Berger insists that the clause in unenforceable because he signed
the form as a result of misrepresentation, high pressure tactics
and unfair dealing.
Because Berger claimed that the agreement to arbitrate was
fraudulently procured or otherwise unenforceable, the Judge
Sheindlin held that the court rather than an arbitrator must decide
the issue of arbitrability.
She mandated discovery to clarify
several contested issues of fact including: at the time of signing
the U-4, an unnamed woman told Berger that the form was an
application to take a test to become a NASD-registered broker; that
he was given no more than five minutes to complete the form; and
that he was never given a copy of the NASD Manual referred to in
the arbitration clause of the agreement.
Berger alleges that
because Cantor did not give him a copy of the NASD Manual, he was
not provided with notice that he was waiving his right to have his
employment discrimination claims heard in federal court.
C.W.
Florida Judge Tosses Anti-Gay Charter Amendment
Applying last spring's Supreme Court decision in __Romer v.
Evans__, 116 S.Ct. 1620 (1996), Alachua County, Florida, Circuit
Judge Frederick D. Smith ruled Nov. 22 in __Morris v. Hill__ that
a ballot measure similar to Colorado's Amendment 2 that was enacted
by county voters in 1994 violates the federal Equal Protection
Clause.
Judge Smith found that the county amendment, known as
Amendment 1, "suffers the same constitutional infirmities" as
Colorado Amendment 2.
"Amendment 1's focus on sexual orientation
cannot be explained on any rational basis other than as a
manifestation of the majority's condemnation of homosexuality and
bisexuality," wrote Smith.
Although this invalidation of Amendment
1 does not automatically revive the county gay rights ordinance
that was repealed as part of Amendment 1's passage, it clears the
way for the county commissioners to re-enact the ordinance.
__Palm
Beach Post__, Nov. 24.
Representing the challengers of Amendment 1 were Lambda cooperating
attorneys Larry Turner and Robert Griscti from Gainesville, and
Walter Reiman, Jacqueline Charlesworth and Jamie Shapiro of New
York's Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison.
Lambda staff
attorney Suzanne Goldberg argued against the amendment on behalf of
the plaintiffs at a court hearing on Nov. 15.
A.S.L.
Mistrial In Georgia Rape Trial; Victim's Lesbian Status A Difficult
Issue
The __Atlanta Journal-Constitution__ (Nov. 28) reported that the
victim's sexual orientation became a complex issue in the recent
trial of Dekalb, Georgia, police officer Steven L. Goble for rape
before Superior Court Judge Gail Flake.
__People v. Goble__.
The victim was out on a date with her girlfriend prior to the
alleged rape.
The prosecution wanted to introduce evidence that
the victim was a lesbian, to negate the defense's contention that
the sex was consensual.
The defense objected, pointing out that
under Georgia's rape shield law, it would not be able to cross-
examine the victim as to her past sexual history to try to
establish that she might have had sex with a man in the past, thus
leaving open the possibility for the jury to speculate that she
could have consented on this occasion.
Judge Flake ruled that the
victim could not be asked directly whether she was a lesbian, but
she could testify that prior to the rape she was on a date with her
girlfriend, as this was relevant to her state of mind.
Also, the
victim's sister, questioned about why she believed her sister's
story, testified: "I believe her.
And we both know (she) did not
want to have sex with a man." The defense promptly moved for a
mistrial after this testimony, but Judge Flake denied the motion,
ruling that it was a legitimate response to the question posed.
The defense introduced a tape of the victim's statement to police,
which included the following statement: "I think part of what
provoked him is that he perceived Colleen and I as a couple, that
we were lesbians."
The defense attorney justified introduction of
the tape by contending it showed that the police were coaching the
victim through her statement and suggesting things to her.
The jury deliberated five days before announcing it was hopelessly
deadlocked.
The district attorney's office announced it would
retry the case.
A.S.L.
Gay Salvadoran Granted U.S. Asylum
Roberto Palomo, a gay man from El Salvador who works at Newark
International Airport, became the 40th foreign national to win U.S.
asylum on the basis of fear of persecution due to his sexual
orientation, according to a report in the __Record__, a Northern
New Jersey newspaper, on Nov. 27.
Palomo left El Salvador in 1989,
"shortly after soldiers forced him off a bus, made fun of his
homosexuality, repeatedly raped him, and left him for dead,"
according to the news story.
Palomo, who had been living in the
U.S. under temporary legal immigration status granted to Salvadoran
refugees, was granted asylum after presenting the story of his life
and struggles to Immigration & Naturalization officials in
Lyndhurst.
Reflecting the reluctance of many immigrants from South
America to discuss their sexuality with government officials,
Palomo did not agree to present an asylum claim until after hours
of persuasion by volunteers from the American Friends Service
Committee.
He is not "out" to most of his family back in El
Salvador.
A.S.L.
Louisiana Appeals Court Affirms Conviction of Lesbians Who
Collaborated on Murder of One's Husband
Defendants Jeanne Foret and Rosetta Jones appealed their
convictions of second degree murder in the shooting death of
Jones's husband in __State v. Foret__, 1996 WL 658871 (La.App., 5
Cir, Nov. 14).
Judge Bowes wrote a lengthy and factually detailed
opinion.
Defendants first contended that the trial court mistakenly denied
their motions to suppress their confessions.
According to the
evidence, Jones, who was initially not a suspect, was questioned on
several occasions by the police.
In the course of her third
statement, she implicated Foret in the murder of her husband by
stating that Foret had made negative comments about her husband,
that she had expressed "feelings" toward Mrs. Jones, and that the
two women had had sex on two or three occasions.
It was in the
course of her fourth interview, in which she told a version of the
night of the murder which included Foret appearing at the house,
Jones begging her to leave, and Foret saying she was going to "take
care" of Mr. Jones, that Jones herself became a suspect.
Prior to
the change in her status, she claimed that Foret told her that she
could get her husband out of the picture and could do a better job
taking care of her and the children.
Because the questioning
officer found that several things she claimed did not make sense,
she was advised of her rights.
She signed a form indicating her
understanding of her rights and her wish to waive them.
She then
talked about her husband's abusiveness and also that the women had
talked about "the actual thing" a couple of times prior to the
shooting.
Prior to Jones becoming a suspect, but after Foret was made a
suspect, the police asked for Jones's help in finding Foret.
Jones, while at the police station, telephoned Foret while
knowingly wired, and asked, among other things, why Foret had
killed Mr. Jones.
Foret's answer was, "I have no idea...I guess
I'm nuts."
She also stated that she was not at the house on that
night.
Foret was subsequently found and arrested.
The record shows that at the time of her arrest, Foret was advised
of her rights and that she signed several forms over the course of
a few days indicating that she understood her rights and wished to
waive them.
At one point she was also asked whether she wanted to
talk about the incident without the presence of an attorney and she
said she would.
She signed another waiver of rights form the day after her arrest;
her first taped statement included the following information: she
and Jones were lovers for approximately six months but Jones had
ended the relationship.
She loved Jones and did not like her
husband because of his treatment of his wife and children.
Her
second statement, made the following day after signing another
waiver of rights form, reported that the two women had not seen
each other for at least nine months prior to the murder, but that
the month before the murder, Jones had contacted her to ask if she
knew of anyone who could "make her a widow."
Foret said that Jones
asked her to run her husband over with her car, but Foret said she
could not do that.
When Jones found out that Foret had bought a
gun, she asked her to shoot her husband and persisted in this
request, telling her stories of Mr. Jones' abuse of her and the
children.
Foret stated that twice she started to carry out a
murder but it was only when Jones promised Foret that with Mr.
Jones out of the way the two women could be together and that there
would be insurance money to help, did Foret follow through.
According to Foret, she went into the bedroom with Jones'
permission but panicked when Mr. Jones opened his eyes, shooting
him once and then, thinking she had seen him get up, shooting him
twice more.
She claimed she did not intentionally kill him.
Under Louisiana law, before a confession or inculpatory statement
can be introduced into evidence, the state must prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that the statement was free and voluntary and not
made under fear, duress, or promises.
If the statement was
elicited during custodial interrogation, the state must also show
that the defendant was advised of her Miranda rights. Custodial
interrogation includes situations where the accused is questioned
by police in a setting which indicates that she has been deprived
of her freedom of action in a significant way, although falling
short of an actual arrest.
Spontaneous and voluntary statements
are admissible in the absence of Miranda warnings even if the
accused is in custody.
Given the evidence, Judge Bowes found that Mrs. Jones gave several
statements prior to being made a suspect and prior to being
deprived of her freedom in any way, and that as soon as she became
a suspect she was given Miranda rights.
Similarly, Foret was also
found to have been fully advised of her rights prior to all her
statements and that she freely and voluntarily waived those rights.
In addition, the taped conversation between Jones and Foret
conducted prior to either woman being under arrest or in
confinement was found to have been made by Jones of her own free
will and recorded with her knowledge.
Judge Bowes agreed with the
trial court that the conversation was not subject to suppression as
neither defendant was in custody nor did either give new, and thus
inculpatory, information.
Further, the "fruit from the poisonous
tree" theory was not applicable, as no new information was obtained
from this conversation.
The defendants also claimed that the trial court erred in denying
their motions to sever the trials.
The appellate court noted that
the mere fact that one defendant points a finger at another does
not make defenses automatically antagonistic unless there is actual
prejudice shown.
Because Foret admitted to the shooting, the
questions at trial included the degree of each defendant's
participation, whether Jones knew of Foret's plan and discussed it
with her, and whether she actually aided and planned the murder
with Foret; severance was thus not needed in this situation.
Jones, whose multiple statements were introduced at trial, did not
testify; she asserted that thus Foret did not have the opportunity
to cross-examine her, violating the Sixth Amendment pursuant to
__Bruton v. United States__, 391 U.S. 123 (1968).
However, Judge
Bowes noted that __Bruton__ was inapplicable since Jones, who
raised the issue, was not denied her right to cross-examine Foret,
who did testify at trial.
Jones also claimed as error the trial court's allowing evidence of
prior bad acts involving the solicitations to murder her prior
husband.
At trial, evidence was presented concerning Mrs. Jones'
requests both of her son to kill and burn a former husband and of
her daughter to give that same husband an overdose of LSD.
The
state argued that the purpose of the evidence was to show her
intent as well as showing plan, motive, system, and absence of
mistake.
Because the prior acts were similar to the current act,
and there was a real and genuine contested issue of intent, and the
probative value outweighed the prejudicial effect, by Louisiana's
rules of evidence the requirements were met to allow introduction
of evidence of the other crimes.
Although the convictions were affirmed, the case was remanded
because it was found that the trial court had failed to follow
statutory provisions for advising the convicted offenders
concerning both possible diminution of their sentences for good
behavior and concerning parole. J.H.
Kentucky Appeals Court Upholds Reprimand of Teacher for Gossiping
About Sexual Orientation of Administrators
The __Kentucky Post__ (Nov. 9) reported that a panel of the
Kentucky Court of Appeals ruled in __Gayheart v. Burns__ that the
Owen County Board of Education did not violate the First Amendment
rights of a teacher who was formally reprimanded after she failed
to comply with warnings against continuing to spread "gossip and
slander" concerning the sexual orientation of the superintendent
and three other school administrators, who she charged were
lesbians.
The decision does not seem to be officially reported.
A.S.L.
Pennsylvania District Court Finds Same-Sex Harassment Actionable
Under Title VII
Same-gender harassment is cognizable under Title VII, according to
the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
__Wiley v. Burger King__, 1996 WL 648455 (Nov. 8).
Noting the
split among the federal circuit courts as to whether same-gender
harassment supports a Title VII claim, the court opted to follow
other District Court cases and declined to dismiss the action.
In
a footnote, the court cast doubt on whether plaintiff Wiley would
ultimately prevail on his constructive discharge claim, noting that
the plaintiff did not allege that he had reported the harassment,
making it difficult for him to impute the harasser's conduct to the
defendant.
D.W.
Wisconsin District Court Finds Same-Sex Harassment Actionable, But
Interestingly Limits Application
Chief Judge Stadtmueller of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of Wisconsin ruled in __Miller v. Vesta, Inc.__, 1996 WL
683725 (Nov. 22), that same-sex harassment is actionable under
Title VII in a hostile environment case, but that the homosexual
character of particular harassment does not automatically justify
a finding of hostile environment.
In a lengthy analysis of the developing caselaw, Stadtmueller
concluded that the weight of authority is now in favor of
recognizing such claims, and that to do so would be consistent with
dicta from a 7th Circuit decision.
Stadtmueller specifically
stated agreement with a recent decision by another judge of the
E.D. of Wisconsin in __Johnson v. Hondo, Inc.__, 1996 WL 531937.
However, reviewing the factual findings of the magistrate, who
recommended granting summary judgment to the defendant,
Stadtmueller also agreed that on the merits the plaintiff's claim
had to fail.
The plaintiff, a heterosexual woman, complained that there was a
"repugnant homosexual environment" in the workplace, based
primarily on some discrete sexual advances to her by a lesbian co-
worker.
The court found that these advances were not sufficiently
frequent or severe to create a hostile environment, especially in
light of management's prompt action to discourage the co-worker
from continuing them.
"The general issue is whether Miller may
also rely upon the harassment's homosexual character to contend
there was a hostile environment.
The first, and easier question,
is: does homosexual harassment always create a hostile environment
as a matter of law?
The court holds that it does not.
Title VII
is aimed at all sexual harassment, which is by definition
unwelcome.
The statute and case law do not say that some types of
sexual conduct are per se unwelcome in a hostile environment case.
Instead, the case law requires a case-by-case approach in which the
courts look at the totality of the circumstances and focus on the
intensity, intimidation, frequency and interference.
"Moreover, it is settled that Title VII's protection on account of
`sex' does not offer protection on the basis of sexual orientation,
but on the basis of gender. . .
For this reason, the statute does
not confer absolute protection upon Miller as a married
heterosexual allegedly harassed by a lesbian.
To hold that
homosexual harassment of heterosexuals automatically creates a
hostile environment in violation of Title VII would grant
protection based upon a plaintiff's sexual orientation.
However,
heterosexuality, as a sexual orientation, is simply not a protected
characteristic under Title VII."
Stadtmueller followed this up
with a lengthy discussion of whether the sexual orientation of the
harasser should have anything to do with determining whether the
harassment claim is valid, and concluded it should not, applying
the same logic. "Title VII does not insulate employees from all
sexual interplay," Stadtmueller declared, "whether it be
heterosexual or homosexual, and there is no reasonable expectation
of total freedom from sexual incidents in the workplace.
The
events at Vesta did not create an environment that a reasonable
person would perceive as hostile."
A.S.L.
Thus, while agreeing with the magistrate to deny the defendant's
motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim, Stadtmueller
granted summary judgment in favor of the defendant on the sexual
harassment claim.
A.S.L.
New York Appellate Division Rules on NAMBLA Case
In a cryptic decision, a panel of the N.Y. Appellate Division,
First Department, has revived a petition by the Attorney General
concerning an organization named "Zymurgy," claimed to be a
corporation formed to raise tax-deductible donations for projects
undertaken by the North American Man-Boy Love Association (NAMBLA).
It is difficult to piece together exactly what happened from this
terse per curiam opinion. It appears that the legislature has
dissolved Zymurgy's corporate status, but the court nonetheless
thinks the Attorney General's petition is not moot on the issue of
disclosure of what Zymurgy was doing, and potential liability of
NAMBLA for violations of various state laws, including a law on
child pornography that may have been violated by a newsletter
allegedly published under the auspices of Zymurgy containing
pictures of young men whose ages might fall within the range of the
statute.
__People v. Zymurgy, Inc.__, NYLJ, Nov. 18, p. 27, col.
4. A.S.L.
Schmitz Sentenced in Amedure Murder Case
Jonathan Schmitz, the convicted murderer of Scott Amedure, a gay
man who confessed to having a crush on Schmitz during the taping of
a television talk show that was not subsequently broadcast, has
been sentenced to 25 to 50 years in prison for the murder by
Michigan trial judge Francis X. O'Brien, who added two more years
for using a firearm to commit a felony.
Schmitz faced a potential
life sentence, but his attorneys contended that he deserved lenient
treatment "given all the circumstances in this case," including his
expressed remorse about his action and his history of alcoholism,
depression and a thyroid condition.
Jurors in the case told
reporters that "they believed the defendant already had mental
problems that the show exacerbated."
__New York Times__, Dec. 5.
A.S.L.
Scondras Sexual Assault Prosecution Dropped
Openly gay former Boston City Council Member David Scondras will
not be prosecuted for allegedly making a sexual advance to a 16-
year old boy in a movie theater.
Prosecutors announced that the
boy and his family have decided not to cooperate and offer
testimony, so that case cannot be presented.
The incident came to
light when Scondras reported to police that he had been pummelled
and kicked by the boy, producing a broken nose, a broken jaw and
three lost teeth.
Scondras charged anti-gay bias assault, but
after talking with the boy police charged Scondras with indecent
sexual assault.
Scondras charges anti-gay bias by the police and
prosecutor.
Scondras, an attorney, is president of the Search for
a Cure Foundation, a non-profit AIDS organization.
__Boston
Globe__, Dec. 5.
A.S.L.
Federal Judge Says Objecting Students Entitled to Refund of
Activity Fees Used for Controversial Student Organizations
The __Wisconsin State Journal__ reported Nov. 30 that U.S. District
Judge John Shabaz has ruled in favor of three "devout Christian
students" who objected to the use of compulsory student fees at the
University of Wisconsin to fund certain students groups and
programs to which they object, including the Lesbian, Gay and
Bisexual Campus Center.
Judge Shabaz held that distribution of
mandatory student fees to such groups violated objecting students'
constitutional rights, even though the distribution of such fees is
made in a "viewpoint neutral" way.
"This court finds that the
balance between the competing interests in this case tips in favor
of plaintiffs' First amendment rights not to be compelled to speak
or associate."
Less than 10 percent of student fees go to student
organizations.
Shabaz held that the school would have to devise a
mechanism to allow objecting students to opt out of having their
fees support personally objectionable groups, a prospect that
Associate Dean of Students Roger Howard told the __Journal__ was a
"practical impossibility."
At press time, it was not known whether
the university would appeal.
The lawsuit was funded by the
Alliance Defense Fund, a conservative Christian group based in
Phoenix, Arizona.
One suspects they will attempt to replicate
their success at other state university campuses.
The decision in
__Southworth v. University of Wisconsin__ had not yet appeared on
electronic databases at press time.
A.S.L.
San Francisco Municipal Court Judge Julie Tang has ordered two
Contra Costa County men convicted of hate crimes against a gay man
to write letters of apology to their victim and to the city's gay
community.
The letters will be published in the __Bay Area
Reporter__.
The idea for this novel penalty came from prosecutor
Chris Clifford.
In addition to the literary requirements,
defendants John Cody Lee and Jonathan Bell have been sentenced to
several months in the county jail for beating up a man outside a
gay bar.
"This hate crime wasn't just against the man they beat up
- this crime was directed at an entire community," said Clifford.
"This is a city where diversity is not just accepted or tolerated,
it's celebrated. . .
I think it's appropriate that they apologize
to San Francisco."
__San Francisco Examiner__, Nov. 9.
A.S.L.
Election Notes
President Clinton's election victory on Nov. 5 was accompanied by
the election of the first openly-gay statewide official, Democrat
Ed Flanagan as Vermont State Auditor.
(Flanagan had previously
been elected while not openly gay.)
The Gay and Lesbian Victory
Fund reported that 21 of its 32 endorsed openly gay candidates had
won election, mostly to state legislative and judicial positions.
The __Washington Blade__ reported Nov. 15 that at least 44 openly
lesbian or gay candidates had won election, and that all openly-gay
incumbents who stood for re-election were victorious. In the new
legislative season ahead, there will be openly lesbian or gay
representatives serving in the U.S. House of Representatives
(Barney Frank, D-Mass., and Jim Kolbe, D-Ariz.) and fifteen state
legislatures.
The most openly anti-gay member of the House of
Representatives, Rep. Bob Dornan of California, was narrowly
defeated by a pro-gay Latina from Orange County.
The most openly
anti-gay member of the Senate, Jesse Helms of North Carolina, was
re-elected.
In San Francisco, a heated municipal court race between gay
candidates was won by Kensia "Kay" Tsenin, who defeated Matthew
Rothschild by a margin of 59 percent to 41 percent.
Rothschild, a
former city Democratic party official, had the heavy organizational
endorsements, but Tsenin was more highly rated by the bar
association for her qualifications.
__San Francisco Examiner__,
Nov. 6.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
New figures released by the National Opinion Research Center at the
University of Chicago show that the percentage of the general
population in the U.S. that believes homosexual relations are
"always wrong" declined from 76 percent to 61 percent during the
period 1991 to 1996, following what was described as "a long period
of consistent and stable disapproval."
A University researcher,
Stuart Michaels, suggested that the AIDS epidemic is partly
responsible for helping to create more tolerance for homosexuality.
Said Michaels: "AIDS brought homosexuality more and more into the
public eye and provided people with a multiplicity of views on gay
life and gay people.
One side of this is that AIDS evokes
compassion, because in the process of learning who has AIDS, we
learn that people with AIDS have lovers, mothers and fathers, and
some have children." Michaels also noted that AIDS has "forced the
gay community to take on new forms of organization which have
encouraged people to come out of the closet, which has meant that
suddenly people see that their friends and other people they know
are gay.
As more and more people come to know people who are gay,
they begin to give up their old stereotypes and become more
tolerant."
__Washington Post__, Nov. 17.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation released its annual report on
hate crimes on Nov. 4.
Nearly 8,000 incidents were reported to the
FBI by local law enforcement authorities, of which 13 percent
(1,019) were classified as sexual orientation bias incidents.
Because such reporting is voluntary on the part of victims and law
enforcement agencies, it is widely believed that these "official"
numbers significantly underreport the actual incidents.
(The
largest category was racially-motivated bias crimes, constituting
61 percent of reported incidents.)
__Washington Post__, Nov. 5;
__Washington Blade__, Nov. 15. * * * In an unrelated story, FBI
Director Louis Freeh announced in a Nov. 6 memo to all FBI
employees that the Department of Justice, of which the Bureau is a
part, has formalized the prohibition against discrimination on the
basis of sexual orientation within the agency.
The formalization
consists of adding the non-discrimination to the official
regulations of the agency published in the Code of Federal
Regulations.
__Washington Blade__, Nov. 29.
Officials at Ford Motor Company and Chrysler Corporation indicated
that their non-discrimination policies were being modified to
specify a ban on sexual orientation discrimination by the
companies.
The major automobile manufacturers have previously been
resistant to adopting formal policies, while claiming that they do
not tolerate discrimination.
Chrysler CEO Robert Eaton sent a
letter to all company employees on Nov. 11 stating that "Chrysler
does not tolerate harassment or discrimination of any employee on
any basis, including sexual orientation."
A Ford spokesperson
announced Nov. 14 that Ford would also amend its policy to mention
sexual orientation, characterizing this as a "trend" that companies
are now following. Chrysler's action followed an announcement by a
group of gay employee's that they would hold a national day of
protest against the auto-maker's prior refusal to adopt such a
policy. __Washington Blade__, Nov. 15 & 22.
Voters in Lansing, Michigan, narrowly rejected ballot proposals
that would have amended the city's fair housing law to ban sexual
orientation discrimination.
__Detroit Free Press__, Nov. 7.
Illinois Governor Jim Edgar (R.) issued an administrative order
banning discrimination based on sexual orientation in all state
agencies.
Illinois activists noted that Edgar signed into law a
bill banning recognition of same-sex marriage last spring, and
characterized the new order as "hypocritical."
According to a
spokesperson for Edgar, the action was an administrative order
rather than an executive order because in Illinois executive orders
require legislative approval, which would be uncertain for this
measure.
The Associated Press reported that Sean McBride, a gay man who was
paralyzed in a gay-bashing attack as a security guard in his
Detroit apartment house lobby looked on and did nothing, won a $10
million judgment against Pinkerton's Security and Investigation,
the guard's employer.
Two of the attackers were caught and
prosecuted; one was convicted of assault and firearms charges and
sentenced to up to four years in prison, while the other, a
juvenile, pleaded no contest to assault charges and will be in
custody until age 21.
A third attacker was never apprehended.
__St. Louis Post Dispatch__, Nov. 23.
The Associated Press reported that Massachusetts Attorney General
Scott Harshbarger has obtained an injunction against Steven Berlo,
a Chelsea, Mass., resident, who allegedly assaulted a man outside
a gay bar.
The injunction prohibits Berlo from assaulting any
person because of their sexual orientation, and prohibits him from
coming within 500 feet of the alleged victim, his friends or their
workplaces, or within 100 feet of the bar.
__Boston Globe__, Nov.
20.
The Appellate Court of Illinois rejected constitutional challenges
to the state's hate crimes statute in __People v. Nitz__, 1996 WL
663760 (Nov. 15).
The statute creates a distinct offense of hate
crime, and includes sexual orientation among the classifications to
which the offense applies.
This case did not involve an anti-gay
bias incident.
The San Francisco Police Commission voted Dec. 4 to approve a
tentative settlement of a pending lawsuit by lesbians and gay men
who were arrested during a police raid during a 1995 New Year's Day
AIDS benefit event.
The settlement, which will amount to nearly
$150,000, also requires sensitivity training on lesbian and gay
issues for San Francisco police officers and new procedures to deal
with alcohol-connected arrests.
Attorney Nancy Clarence represents
the plaintiffs.
__San Francisco Chronicle__, Dec. 5.
One of the earliest non-gay advocates of gay rights passed away
Nov. 18: Dr. Evelyn Hooker, whose ground-breaking psychological
study of gay men during the 1950s led to the first publication
arguing that homosexuality was a normal variant of human sexuality
rather than a form of disfunction.
Hooker's work was crucial in
the efforts to get the American medical establishment to revise its
views about the nature of homosexuality, helping to lay the
foundation for subsequent law reform and social change.
Hooker,
who was recently the subject of a video documentary biography, was
89.
A.S.L.
International Notes
The South African Constitution, which includes a ban on sexual
orientation discrimination, has finally been approved by the
constitutional court and was expected to be signed into effect by
President Nelson Mandela early in December.
South Africa is the
world's first county to ban sexual orientation discrimination
through a constitutional provision, all prior such bans having been
achieved through simple legislation.
__New York Times__, Dec. 5.
Several law reform proposals aimed at advancing lesbian/gay rights
in Austria were voted upon in the Lower Chamber of the Parliament
on Nov. 27.
One measure would have equalized the age of consent
for homosexual sex, as to which there is a four year disparity
between gay men and all others (lesbians and heterosexuals are both
set at 14), but was defeated on a tie vote. The other two measures,
which passed, would end a ban on the publication of positive
information about homosexuality and a ban on funding of lesbian and
gay organizations.
The successful measures still need approval
from the Upper Chamber, where right wing parties are in the
majority.
The Austrian gay rights proponents are still hopeful,
however, because they are part of a larger penal law reform package
which has considerable support.
Summarized from a message posted
to the International Lesbian and Gay Association Mailing List by
Kurt Krickler, Secretary General of HOSI Wien, a lesbian/gay rights
organization.
Rex Wockner reported in his international gay news bulletin that
Norwegian Prime Minister Thorbjoern Jagland has appointed an openly
lesbian writer, Ann Holt, to be the nation's new minister of
justice and immigration.
The Federal Court in Australia has ruled that the Australian
Defence Forces may not discriminate on the basis of HIV status,
finding that the ADF had unlawfully discharged a soldier upon
learning of his status.
Justice Cooper wrote for the court that
the ADF was subject to the same anti-discrimination policies as the
rest of the nation, according to an abstract from the __Sydney Star
Observer__ posted to the Internet.
The New South Wales, Australia, Attorney General has issued a
report titled "Review of the Homosexual Advance Defence," which
recommends that judges read statements to juries condemning
homophobia and informing them that homosexual advances and
heterosexual advances should be treated the same for purposes of
determining issues such as provocation, self-defense, etc.
A magistrate has dismissed charges that John Holloway, former
Australian ambassador to Cambodia, was guilty of having sex with
underage boys in that country in violation of the Child Sex Tourism
Act of 1994.
The magistrate found the evidence "for all practical
purposes worthless."
Holloway has charged that he was framed by
anti-gay political opponents in the government.
The second chamber of the Netherlands parliament has approved a
proposal for a domestic partnership registration scheme that would
grant same-sex couples many of the rights of married couples.
However, a commission to study the issue of same-sex marriage in
the Netherlands is scheduled to report with recommendations to the
parliament next year, which may make this action moot.
This
information was posted to the Internet by the coordinator of the
Dutch chapter of the Lesbian and Gay Immigration Rights Task Force.
The Council of Europe's Commission on Human Rights has agreed to
investigate a challenge to the refusal of Sweden to grant asylum to
a gay man from Iran.
The Swedish government has been asked to
submit a report on the case by January 10, with a statement from
the Commission expected this spring.
According to an internet
posting from a gay rights activist in Sweden, two lesbians and two
gay men from Iran have petitioned for asylum and been denied by the
Swedish government, which has incredibly included that they do not
necessarily face a threat to their lives if they return to Iran.
Iran punished homosexuality with death.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
For the second time, a president of New York's Lesbian and Gay Law
Association has been elected to public office.
Paul Feinman, whose
term as president will conclude shortly, was elected on Nov. 5 to
the New York City Civil Court.
Former LeGaL President Aubrey Lees
was elected last year as a Democratic District Leader in Greenwich
Village.
What was particularly significant about Paul's election
was that the __New York Times__ endorsement of him in the
Democratic primary singled out his presidency of LeGaL as a
credential for supporting him.
Lesbian attorney Sheila Kuehl has achieved another historic first,
becoming the first woman and first open lesbian to achieve the post
of speaker pro tem of the California State Assembly.
This has
traditionally been an elective post that Kuehl would have received
as the runner-up candidate for the speaker position; to avoid
putting conservative Democrats in the new assembly majority in an
awkward position with their constituencies, the Democratic caucus
voted to change the speaker pro tem position to an appointive post,
and new speaker Cruz Bustamante promptly appointed Kuehl, who was
also the first openly lesbian or gay person to be elected to
California's legislature.
__Sacramento Bee__, Dec. 5.
The National Task Force on AIDS Prevention is seeking candidates
for the position of Executive Director.
NTFAP is a San Francisco-
based AIDS education and advocacy agency with a multicultural
focus.
The E.D. will report to a national board of directors and
be the organization's chief executive officer with responsibility
for management, development, finances, administration and
programming.
Interested candidates should send a resume and an
extensive cover letter explaining their interest, qualifications,
and salary requirements, to: National Task Force on AIDS
Prevention, c/o Steve Wakefield, Board Secretary, 1948 W.
Evergreen, Chicago, IL 60622-1932.
For additional information,
contact Lawrence "Carrie" Farrell, 617-522-1267, or e-mail
sfwNTFAP@aol.com.
A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Will the Breakthrough in AIDS Treatments End Protection Under ADA
for Those Who Benefit?
The frightening possibility that protection against discrimination
in employment and public services for people with HIV/AIDS under
the Americans With Disabilities Act may be endangered by the new
generation of AIDS treatments is suggested by a federal district
court decision reported in the Nov. 18 issue of BNA's __Daily Labor
Report__, __Murphy v. United Parcel Service__, DLR No. 222, p. A-5.
In this decision, not available on Westlaw or Lexis at press time,
U.S. District Judge Sam Crow (D. Kans.) ruled that a medical
condition that can be controlled with medication is not a
"disability" under the ADA.
According to the BNA report, Crow's
decision joins "other courts' rejection of Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission guidance on the impact of medication on a
disability claim."
In this case, Vaughn L. Murphy claimed unlawful disability
discrimination when United Parcel Service fired him from a
mechanic's job due to high blood pressure.
UPS mechanics are
required to do a certain amount of driving of the vehicles they
service, so they are required to have a commercial driver's
license, which requires passing a physical exam specified by the
U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT).
Murphy was mistakenly
issued the certification despite his untreated high blood pressure,
but was discharged when the mistake was discovered.
He does not
use medication because of problems with side effects.
Judge Crow found that UPS could rely on the DOT health requirements
for a commercial driver's license as a complete defense, but also
dealt with Murphy's contention that his unmedicated high blood
pressure constituted a disability. Murphy's claim is based on 29
C.F.R. sec. 1630.2(j), which states that a determination of
disability should be made "without regard to mitigating measures
such as medicines, or assistive or prosthetic devices."
The
guidance gives as an example: "a diabetic who without insulin would
lapse into a coma would be substantially limited because the
individual cannot perform major life activities without the aid of
medication."
Crow expressly joined other courts that have rejected
this portion of the guidelines, citing decisions in the Western
District of Oklahoma, the Northern District of Texas, and the 5th
Circuit.
Crow additionally noted that there is some doubt whether
high blood pressure, even in its untreated state, would constitute
a disability within the meaning of ADA.
New AIDS medications apparently reduce the presence of HIV to
undetectable levels and appear to stimulate T-4 counts approaching
the normal range in a high percentage of those who take them.
Anecdotal reports indicate startling recovery of good health among
some HIV-infected individuals who have been taking this new class
of drugs over the past year, although it is uncertain how long the
new combination of drugs will be effective.
Given the logic of
__Murphy__ and cases cited therein, respondents might contend in
ADA and Rehabilitation Act cases that HIV-infection has become a
controllable condition that should no longer be considered a
disability in the absence of the kinds of medical complications
characteristic of end-stage AIDS.
This would seem contrary to comments in the legislative history
indicating Congress's intention to provide protection to people
with HIV, but federal courts have already been grappling for a
rationale for finding asymptomatic HIV-infected persons to be
covered.
Some have seized upon limitations on reproductive sex for
HIV-infected people, although there is disagreement among courts as
to whether engaging in reproductive sex is the type of "major life
activity" meant to be included in the definition of disability
under the statute.
(A pending First Circuit appeal in __Abbott v.
Bragdon__, 893 F.Supp. 99 (D.Me. 1995), argued last month, may cast
more light on this issue.)
Some courts have focused primarily on
whether an alleged disability affects the individual's ability to
perform work; however, it should be noted that negative employer
responses to a particular medical condition may have more to do
with employer perceptions that the presence of an infected person
may affect the morale of co-workers, scare off customers, or impose
financial burdens for medical coverage on the business.
It is of
course noteworthy that the new generation of AIDS medications is
very expensive.
Ironically, the success of new AIDS treatments may spell the end of
legal protection for PWA's under existing disability discrimination
laws, especially if courts reject the alternative of finding ADA
coverage on the basis that PWA's are perceived by others as having
a physical disability.
Judge Crow rejected such an alternative
approach in __Murphy__. A.S.L.
HIV-Infected SSI Applicant Wins New Hearing on Benefits Claim
Rejecting an automatic reliance on an inflexible "grid" system for
determining disability benefits eligibility under the Social
Security Act, U.S. District Judge Miriam Cederbaum ruled in
__McKinzie v. Chater__, 1996 WL 684169 (S.D.N.Y., Nov. 25) (not
officially published), that applicant Walter T. McKinzie was
entitled to an individualized determination whether his physical
and mental problems rendered him "disabled" within the meaning of
the statute.
Incredibly, the administrative law judge in this case found that
"the medical evidence established that the claimant has the HIV
virus, gout, hypothyroidism, arthritis, headaches, gastritis,
reflex esophagitis, obesity, and a history of drug and alcohol
abuse in remission, but that he does not have an impairment or
impairments listed in Appendix 1, Subpart P, Regulations No. 4."
The ALJ also found that McKinzie "is unable to perform his past
relevant work as a home health aid."
Under SSI procedures, when a
claimant has shown severe impairment, as McKinzie clearly did, the
burden shifts to the Commissioner of Social Security to prove that
there is work that the claimant can perform.
In this case, the
Commissioner relied solely on reference to a published "grid" in
the cited regulation, which purports to indicate whether there is
"any other substantial gainful work in the national economy for a
claimant, based solely on his residual functional capacity, age,
education, and work experience."
Because the grid did not list his
particular combination of impairments, the ALJ concluded that
McKinzie was not entitled to benefits.
"Such reliance on the Grid may be inappropriate if the Grid fails
adequately to address a claimant's particular limitations,"
Cederbaum wrote.
In this case, the Commissioner failed to present
specific evidence that there were jobs available that McKinzie
could perform.
"McKinzie's nonexertional impairments are so well-
documented, numerous, and severe that it cannot reasonably be
concluded that they do not significantly diminish McKinzie's
employment opportunities."
Cederbaum concluded that the ALJ's
decision was not supported by "substantial evidence," and even
stated that a "reasonable mind" could not accept the ALJ's
conclusions, and ordered a new hearing on his claim.
A.S.L.
Federal District Court Finds Red Cross Subject to Jury Trial in
Transfusion Case
Is the American Red Cross an instrumentality of the United States
and thereby immune from the Seventh Amendment's guarantee of a jury
trial in private civil actions?
In __Rozak v American Red Cross
Blood Services__, 1996 WL 661324 (N.D.Ind., Oct. 8), Judge Miller
held that the plaintiff is entitled to a jury trial because the
doctrine of sovereign immunity does not apply to the defendant.
In June 1994, Rozak received a transfusion of blood platelets
allegedly supplied by the American Red Cross Blood Services
(ARCBS), from which he claims he contracted hepatitis. In May 1996
he brought a negligence action against ARCBS in Indiana Superior
Court.
The court noted that the American Red Cross has been a
defendant in several suits where it has attempted to assert
sovereign immunity.
The federal district courts have been divided
on the issue; in the only appellate decision, __Marcella v.
Brandywine Hosp.__, 47 F.3d 618 (3rd. Cir. 1995), the court
concluded that the Red Cross could not assert governmental immunity
to thwart a jury trial in a personal injury suit.
In reaching its decision, the __Rozak__ court examined the extent
of government involvement in the makeup and operations of the
American Red Cross.
The court noted that although the organization
was chartered as a federal corporation, it is essential that it
maintain a perception of independence and neutrality while working
closely with the government.
The court also considered that the
President of the United States appoints eight of the fifty-member
Board of Governors and the federal government furnishes the Red
Cross's headquarters in Washington, D.C.
However, the court
pointed out that employees of the American Red Cross are not
considered federal employees, its activities are privately funded,
and its day-to-day activities are directed by the organization.
The court found it relevant that the government does not grant
civil service benefits to Red Cross employees.
The court further
asserted that the Red Cross's blood banking activity bear little
connection to the organization's federal charter and that the ARCBS
is much more a commercial enterprise than a governmental activity.
Judge Miller concluded that when all factors are taken into
consideration the balance is shifted away from equating the Red
Cross with the government and thus away from extending sovereign
immunity to the ARCBS.
C.W.
NY High Court Rules on Limitations Issue in Transfusion Case
In a unanimous decision issued Nov. 19, the N.Y. Court of Appeals
ruled that the ordinary negligence statute of limitations applies
to a transfusion AIDS suit.
__Weiner v. Lenox Hill Hospital__,
1996 WL 667924.
The case arose from blood transfusions given to
the plaintiff's decedent by Lenox Hill Hospital during treatment of
a bowel obstruction from October 1984 through January 1985.
The
decedent first learned of her HIV-infection in 1990, shortly before
she died from AIDS.
Plaintiff, the administrator of her estate,
filed suit against the hospital and the New York Blood Center in
March, 1991.
The defendants moved to dismiss the complaint as
untimely, arguing that under the malpractice statute of limitations
in New York, the action must be commenced within 2-1/2 years of the
last blood transfusion.
The trial and intermediate appellate courts both ruled against the
defendants, holding that this was not a malpractice case.
Thus,
the discovery rule applied, and the limitations period ran for
three years from the date in May 1990 when the decedent learned of
her HIV-infection.
Affirming in an opinion by Judge Carmen Ciparick, the Court of
Appeals conceded that "the distinction between medical malpractice
and negligence is a subtle one," but "a claim sounds in medical
malpractice when the challenged conduct `constitutes medical
treatment or bears a substantial relationship to the rendition of
medical treatment by a licensed physician'.
By contrast, when `the
gravamen of the complaint is not negligence in furnishing medical
treatment to a patient, but the hospital's failure in fulfilling a
different duty,' the claim sounds in negligence."
Here, the complaint did not challenge the medical treatment of
decedent, but rather the hospital's "`failure to adopt and
prescribe proper procedures and regulations' for the collection of
blood, a type of claim that we have recognized as sounding in
negligence."
That a physician is involved in supervising blood
collection was not considered determinative by the court; neither
was the requirement of expert medical testimony to assist the
jurors in "understanding the particulars of the blood-collection
process."
Thus, the plaintiff will have an opportunity for trial
of his claim that the hospital's negligence caused the decedent's
HIV-infection.
A.S.L.
Alaska Supreme Court Reverses Timeliness Dismissal of Hemophiliac's
Suit
Finding that important questions of fact need to be resolved in
order to determine whether an HIV-transmission suit against a
manufacturer of a blood-clotting medication was timely, the Alaska
Supreme Court reversed the superior court's decision in __Waage v.
Cutter Biological Division of Miles Laboratories__, 1996 WL 674307
(Nov. 22), and remanded for further proceedings.
Christopher Waage, a hemophiliac resident of Kodiak, Alaska, used
Koate, a Miles product, supplied to him through the Oregon Health
Sciences University (OHSU).
In October 1983, Miles recalled
several lots of Koate containing plasma from a donor who had been
diagnosed with AIDS.
In a letter announcing the recall that went
to OHSU, Miles said that "there is no evidence these products will
transmit [AIDS]."
In a subsequent letter to Waage, OHSU announced
the recall but said there was no indication that Koate users had
become ill and did not recommend "any special laboratory tests."
At that time, of course, the discovery of HIV had not yet been
announced and there was no licensed screening test associated with
AIDS.
By the time Waage received this letter, he had already begun
using the HIV-tainted Koate.
During 1986 and 1987, Waage had
conversations with family members about getting an HIV test, but
Waage procrastinated since his health was good.
"The longer time
passed the more I was convinced that I was not infected," he
recalled.
In October 1987, Waage received a letter from Dr.
Lovrien of OHSU which indicated that "most [of] the fellows with
hemophilia your age are positive" and offered testing the next time
Dr. Lovrien came up to Alaska, but also indicated most of the
hemophiliacs who tested positive were not sick and "I think this is
important to remember that the HIV test is just a laboratory test
and does not tell us whether or not you are sick or not. . ."
Waage did not get the test.
In August 1988, after injuring his
knee in a fall at a time when he had suffered a weight loss and was
experiencing night sweats. Waage saw a doctor in Kodiak who
strongly recommended that he get an HIV test.
Waage travelled to
Seattle and was examined by Dr. Bush on August 10, who noted that
the sweats and weight loss had abated and said it was "not
imperative" for Waage to be tested at that time.
But Waage did get
tested on September 2, 3 and 9, receiving positive results from
these tests in either October or November of 1988. Waage filed suit
against Miles on September 10, 1990, alleging negligence, products
liability, and breach of implied warranty.
The statute of
limitations for tort claims in Alaska is two years.
The trial
court granted Miles' motion to dismiss under the statute of
limitations.
On appeal, Waage claimed that the statute should have been
equitably tolled in light of the conduct of Miles and others in
leading him to believe that he had not been harmed by the use of
Koate and that it was not necessary to be tested.
In his opinion
for the supreme court, Justice Rabinowitz pointed out that there
were significant factual issues to be resolved under the equitable
tolling doctrine as applied by Alaska courts.
Rabinowitz found
that there was "sufficient evidence in the record to raise genuine
issues of material fact as to whether Miles fraudulently
misrepresented and concealed the relationship between HIV positive
status and AIDS, as well as the relationship between Koate and
AIDS."
Also, in a thorough, analytical discussion, Rabinowitz
explored the issues of reasonable reliance and due diligence on
Waage's part, showing several key areas where further fact-finding
was necessary before a court could conclude that Waage should be
barred from suit.
Waage is represented by Anchorage attorney Ted
Stepovich.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Finds ADA Title III Covers Insurance Discrimination
U.S. District Judge Vaughn R. Walker ruled Nov. 13 that Title III
of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), which forbids
discrimination against persons with disabilities "in the full and
equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges,
advantages, or accommodations of any place of public
accommodation," is applicable to a claim that an insurance company
unlawfully discriminated against the spouse of an HIV-infected
person when it refused to sell her a life insurance policy.
__Doe
v. Chubb Sovereign Life Insurance Co.__, No. C-96-1458-VRW
(N.D.Cal.).
Mr. and Mrs. John Doe applied for separate life insurance policies
in May 1995, for which they submitted blood samples required by
Chubb's underwriting practices.
Mr. Doe tested positive, while
Mrs. Doe tested negative.
Chubb denied policies to both of them.
Mrs. Doe claimed that the denial to her violated Title III,
claiming she was suffering unlawful discrimination on account of
her association with an HIV-infected person.
Chubb claimed that
the only affect of Title III was to require it to make its physical
premises accessible to people with disabilities.
In rejecting the argument that Title III was limited to physical
access issues, Judge Walker reviewed cases from several other
federal courts, which have divided on this issue.
He found most
persuasive various comments from cases indicating support for a
more expansive reading of the scope of Title III, and also found
that the Justice Department's regulations on point (28 CFR Part 36,
App. B at 612) marked a "sensible approach" that is "not
inconsistent with the language or purposes of the ADA."
The
Justice Department stated:
Language in the committee reports indicates that Congress
intended to reach insurance practices by prohibiting
differential treatment of individuals with disabilities
in insurance offered by public accommodations unless the
differences are justified. . . .
[They are justified]
"so long as the standards used are based on sound
actuarial data and not on speculation."
Lambda Legal Defense Fund West Coast Supervising Attorney Jon
Davidson and cooperating attorney Timothy Cahn of Oakland represent
the plaintiffs.
A.S.L.
D.C. Court of Appeals Reverses Red Cross Victory in Transfusion
Case; Finds Trial Judge's Jury Charge on Negligence Confusing to
Jury
A three-judge panel of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals,
the equivalent of a state supreme court, ruled on Nov. 21 that a
trial judge in the district had so bungled the task of instructing
the jury on how to evaluate whether the Red Cross was negligent in
screening donated blood in 1984 (prior to the licensing of the HIV
test in 1985) that a new trial would be necessary in an HIV
transfusion case.
__Ray v. American National Red Cross__, 1996 WL
671313.
Roland Ray acquired HIV infection in a blood transfusion from blood
collected by the Red Cross in July 1984.
He sued the Red Cross on
a negligence claim, and lost a jury trial.
On appeal, Ray argued
that the trial judge's instruction to the jury did not properly
convey "the essence of the tort of negligence" as applied to this
case.
Ray also objected to several evidentiary rulings by the
trial judge.
At trial, Ray showed that as of 1984 enough was known about AIDS
transmission through blood that the Red Cross could have taken
reasonable steps to make its blood supply safer.
In defense, the
Red Cross showed that at that time the vast majority of blood
suppliers were not using the methods advocated by Ray, and that the
Red Cross was, in essence, meeting the industry standard at the
time.
Ray requested the following instruction to the jury: "A
blood bank is negligent if it does an act which a reasonable and
prudent blood bank would not do or if it fails to do an act which
a reasonable and prudent blood banker would do. You are instructed
that a blood bank which specializes in the collection of blood and
the screening of blood donors has a duty to exercise the degree of
care that a reasonable and prudent specialist in this field would
exercise under the same or similar circumstances."
The Red Cross proposed an instruction which referred to "the care,
skill and knowledge ordinarily possessed and used by blood bank
professionals," arguing that this would suggest to the jury that
the standard was whether the Red Cross was doing what most blood
bankers at the time were doing.
Rejecting Ray's objection, the
trial court gave an instruction that, according to the court of
appeals opinion, "appeared to adopt a two-tiered approach to
professional negligence: ordinarily, what other professionals are
doing establishes the standard of care; however, the plaintiff may
show that what a profession is doing as a whole is less than that
required by the circumstances."
In its opinion, the court of
appeals reproduces verbatim the rambling charge actual given to the
jury, of which the preceding is a simple summary.
The jury was so
confused by the charge that it requested clarification during its
deliberations.
The court rejected Ray's suggestion that it merely
repeat part of its original charge and instead offered a new,
extemporaneous explication that, if anything, appeared to emphasize
reliance on prevailing standards in the blood banking industry to
define the Red Cross's duty of care.
In explaining what was wrong with the trial court's approach, Judge
Ruiz wrote for the court of appeals: "In all the instructions given
by the trial court, only at a single point -- during its initial
charge, not its `explain[ing]' instruction on the second day -- did
the trial court accurately state the standard against which the Red
Cross's conduct was to be measured: `What should be done is fixed
by ... what [a] reasonable and prudent blood bank [ ] would do
under the same or similar circumstances.'
The remainder of the
instructions focused the jury's attention almost exclusively on the
evidence concerning industry practice.
In fact, in its initial
charge, the trial court `defined' the standard of care in terms of
industry custom and practice."
Concluded Ruiz, "The effect of the
trial court's instructions . . . was to focus the jury's attention
on the practices of the whole blood banking industry at the time,
instead of the conduct of the Red Cross in light of its
circumstances.
In an action for negligence, it is the conduct of
the defendant that is the central issue, not the conduct of
others."
Finding reversible error, the court reversed.
Turning to evidentiary issues, the court held that the trial court
erred in excluding evidence about what the Red Cross did subsequent
to July 1984 in its blood-screening practices.
While normally
evidence of later remedial measures by the defendant is excluded as
a matter of policy (to avoid deterring defendants from conforming
their conduct to reasonable standards), in this case the evidence
was relevant to arguments that the Red Cross was making at trial
concerning the feasibility of doing what Ray suggested should have
been done to screen donors.
Thus, it was directly relevant and
admissible.
The court also found that the trial court's exclusion
of post-1984 statements by Red Cross officials for the purpose of
impeaching their testimony about their conduct in 1984 may have
been undertaken without adequate scrutiny of the Red Cross's claims
that such statements were based on later-acquired information, and
suggested that the issue should be addressed anew at retrial.
In a brief dissent, Judge Steadman argued that the totality of the
judge's charge was not misleading, but that the majority of the
court had pulled out isolated phrases for unjust criticism.
A.S.L.
Michigan Appeals Court Revives Public Services Discrimination Case
Against City of Jackson
Reversing a trial court grant of summary disposition and
reassigning the case to a different trial judge, the Court of
Appeals of Michigan ruled on Aug. 9 in __Biggs v. City of
Jackson__, 1996 WL 649992, 8 NDLR para. 312, that plaintiff had
stated a prima facie case of discrimination under the Americans
With Disabilities Act, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, and
the Michigan Handicappers' Civil Rights Act based on the city's
refusal to designate a handicapped parking space in front of his
home.
The HIV+ plaintiff provided documentation that he could not
walk more than 50 feet at a time due to his medical condition, that
his home did not have a driveway, and that parking for other
businesses in the neighborhood made it unpredictable whether he
could park his car directly in front of his home.
The city
declined his request, even though plaintiff offered to pay for the
necessary signage.
The trial court granted the city's motion for
summary disposition, taking judicial notice of the availability of
parking on plaintiff's street and the city's policies and costs
regarding handicap parking.
In its per curiam opinion, the appeals court found that plaintiff
had clearly stated a prima facie case of discrimination under all
three statutes, thus placing a burden of reasonable accommodation
on the city.
On the face of it, plaintiff's suggestion to
designate the parking space in front of his home as a handicap
space, with plaintiff paying for the necessary signage, appeared
quite reasonable.
The court criticized various statements made by
the trial judge on the record, and commented that once plaintiff
had produced evidence sufficient to show that a reasonable
accommodation was possible, the burden was on the city to prove
that it was unable to accommodate him.
Questions of material fact
were raised as to the reasonableness of plaintiff's proposal which
precluded summary disposition against him.
The court also reversed
the lower court's award of attorneys fees to the city, finding that
plaintiff's case was not frivolous, and granted plaintiff's request
to have the case assigned to a different trial judge.
A.S.L.
Prodigy Services Not Responsible If Employee Infected Subscriber
With HIV
U.S. District Court Judge Sonia Sotomayor dismissed a suit brought
by an on-line computer service subscriber who claimed she became
HIV-infected from contact with an employee of the computer service.
In __Haybeck v. Prodigy__, 1996 WL 657937 (S.D.N.Y. Nov. 13)(not
reported in F.Supp.), Barbara Haybeck claimed that Prodigy, a
commercial on-line network, was liable for her injuries under the
theories of respondeat superior or negligent hiring and retention.
During his working hours at Prodigy, Jacob Jacks spent a
considerable amount of time with Ms. Haybeck in an on-line sex chat
room run by Prodigy.
In addition, Mr. Jacks gave Ms. Haybeck
months of free access to Prodigy, as well as unlimited use of his
Prodigy account.
In time, Mr. Jacks and Ms. Haybeck commenced a
sexual relationship in which they engaged in unprotected sex (in
person).
Ms. Haybeck alleges that before becoming intimate, Mr.
Jacks frequently denied that he was HIV+.
Ms. Haybeck asserted Prodigy was negligent in supervising Mr.
Jacks, thus enabling him to spend "countless hours" on-line.
She
also charged that Prodigy should have taken additional care to
deter Mr. Jacks from engaging in such behavior as repeatedly
denying he was HIV-infected and engaging in unprotected sex with
subscribers he met through the service.
Disagreeing, the court asserted that Prodigy is not liable for Mr.
Jacks' conduct because his actions fall outside of the scope of his
employment.
The court asserted that any injury that Mr. Jacks
caused the plaintiff was as a result of personal and not job-
related activities.
The court therefore reasoned that this
employee's behavior cannot be imputed to his employer.
Judge
Sotomayor contended that to hold an employer legally responsible
for such actions would set an untenable precedent, requiring them
to monitor and control "the most intimate aspects of their
[employees] off-duty lives."
Judge Sotomayor also rejected Ms. Haybeck's claim that Prodigy was
negligent in hiring and retaining Mr. Jacks.
The court explained
that Ms. Haybeck cannot prevail because she has failed to prove
that Prodigy hired and retained Mr. Jacks with knowledge that he
was having unprotected sex with customers without informing them of
his HIV+ status.
In addition, the court cited
New York law, which
limits an employer's responsibility for its employees' tortious
behavior to acts committed "on the employer's premises or with the
employer's chattels . . . ." C.W.
Alaska Appeals Court Says HIV-Testing Is Not an Appropriate
Condition of Probation on Prostitution Charge
The Alaska Court of Appeals held that HIV testing and travel
restrictions may be constitutionally infirm when imposed as
conditions of probation.
__Foley v. Municipality of Anchorage__,
1996 WL 650223 (Nov. 6).
Foley was arrested after propositioning
a female undercover police officer.
After Foley pled no contest to
a solicitation of prostitution charge, the prosecutor asked the
trial judge to require him, as conditions of probation, to be
tested for HIV and to prohibit him from being in the area where he
was arrested attempting to hire a prostitute.
Because the record
did not support a finding that the restrictions were reasonably
related to the protection of the public or the rehabilitation of
the defendant, the Appeals Court vacated them and remanded the
question back to the trial court.
Alaska Appeals Court Upholds "Worst Offender" Status for HIV+ Man
Who Had Unprotected Sex With Minor
The Alaska Court of Appeals affirmed a ten year prison sentence for
Robert J. Wans, an HIV+ man convicted of sexual abuse of a minor in
the second degree, a class B felony, for having sexual intercourse
with a fourteen-year-old girl.
__Wans v. State__, 1996 WL 671355
(Nov. 20) (not officially published).
Wans, claiming that the
sexual intercourse was consensual, appealed his sentence, claiming,
among other things, that the trial judge erred in finding as an
aggravating factor that "the conduct constituting the offense was
among the most serious conduct included in the definition of the
offense."
Wans had unprotected intercourse, without telling the
minor he was HIV+; according to the woman, it was the first time
she ever had intercourse.
The following day they again had
intercourse, but this time the woman brought a condom, which Wans
used.
The woman has not tested positive for HIV.
The appeals court held that the trial judge did not err in
considering this an aggravating factor, treating as irrelevant the
assertion that the woman was not infected.
The trial judge "could
properly consider the fact that Wans placed his young victim at
extreme risk by his behavior," wrote Judge Coats.
"Under the best
of circumstances, it is reasonable to infer that M.M. will be very
fearful for some time to come that she may have contracted the HIV
virus from her contact with Wans.
Although M.M. hopefully will
never contract the virus, this appears to be a fortuity for which
Wans is not entitled to credit."
A.S.L.
The requirement that Foley be tested for HIV implicated his
fundamental privacy rights, according to the appeals court.
The
trial court record was devoid of information as to any legitimate
use the prosecutor would make of the test results.
Likewise, the
record did not support the restriction on Foley's rights of travel
and association because he had no prior criminal record and there
was no indication that he was regularly involved in
prostitution-related activity.
D.W.
Federal Court Certifies Class Action But Denies Preliminary Relief
in Suit Against NYC City AIDS-Benefits Bureaucracy
Certain New York City residents with AIDS or HIV-related diseases
brought suit against the City and State of New York on behalf of
themselves and others similarly situated.
All of the plaintiffs
are residents eligible for public assistance benefits, which are
provided through the Human Resources Administration's ("HRA")
Division of AIDS Services ("DAS").
The Plaintiffs allege that DAS
is currently ineffectual and that a proposed restructuring plan
developed by City defendants will only further diminish DAS's
already diminished abilities.
On October 25, Judge Sterling
Johnson of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New
York granted plaintiffs' motion for class certification, denied
their motion for a preliminary injunction, and denied defendants'
motion to dismiss. __Henriette D. v. Giuliani__, 1996 WL 633382.
Defendants argued that the issues presented by plaintiffs' motion
for a preliminary injunction are nonjusticiable because they fall
within the province of executive and legislative discretion to
allocate funds and to make budgetary decisions.
Plaintiffs argued
that defendants failed to comply with federal and state
constitutional, statutory, and regulatory requirements in their
provision of public assistance benefits to persons with AIDS or who
are HIV positive and are sick.
Citing __Morel v. Giuliani__, 927
F.Supp. 622 (S.D.N.Y. 1995), the court found that the relief
requested by plaintiffs "does not invade the decision-making
provinces of the State and City executive and legislative
officials, but would require City Defendants to resolve their
difficulties in a fashion that complies with the Constitution and
the law."
The court further found that it had subject-matter
jurisdiction over the Plaintiffs' claims based on their allegations
that the defendants are violating state and federal law.
On the issue of Plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction,
Plaintiffs alleged that DAS is ineffective in providing public
assistance to persons with AIDS and HIV-infected persons.
Specifically, Plaintiffs allege that (1) the assignment of case
managers to individual cases is frequently delayed and that this in
turn causes delays in plaintiffs' receipt of benefits and services;
(2) transfers of public assistance cases to DAS from other HRA
agencies often take a long time to complete, also causing delays in
the receipt of benefits; (3) DAS clients at times receive less than
the level of benefits they are entitled to receive; and (4)
mismanagement at DAS frequently causes delays in processing
requests for services such as home care, homemaking, apartment
lease approvals, rent and special moving grants, payment of rent
arrears and emergency housing placement.
The City denies these
allegations; however, the City has recognized the need for
increased efficiency in the face of the growing DAS-eligible
population.
The City has begun implementing a new plan that would
unify the case management system in an attempt to streamline access
to benefits.
Plaintiffs take the position that the DAS is meant to
fulfill the requirements that are mandated by the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) and Rehabilitation Act (sec. 504) because
without a properly functioning DAS, they are unable to access the
basic public assistance for which they are eligible.
Essentially,
Plaintiffs' claim is that DAS as it stands or will stand after the
restructuring does not and will not satisfy the reasonable
modification requirement of the ADA and Rehabilitation Act.
In
denying Plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction, the Court
applied the likelihood of success on the merits test.
The court
found that some form of DAS or an agency like it __must__ exist to
facilitate and assist Plaintiffs in their accessing of public
assistance. However, the court found that it did not seem likely,
based on the facts alleged thus far, that Plaintiffs will be able
to prove at trial that the current or restructured DAS is or will
be debilitated to such a degree that it no longer acts or will act
as the required reasonable modification to New York City's public
assistance programs for AIDS and HIV-positive clients. However, the
motion for class certification was granted and the case will
continue.
T.V.L.
Georgia Appeals Court Upholds Reckless Endangerment Conviction of
HIV-Infected Prisoner Who Bit Guard
In __Burk v. State__, 1996 WL 656377 (Ga.App., Nov. 13), plaintiff
made an out-of-time appeal from his conviction of three counts of
obstruction of an officer and one count of reckless endangerment.
Of interest to readers is the latter count, which arose from Burk's
attempts to bite police officer Vaughn.
Burk has AIDS; Officer
Vaughn testified that Burk had threatened at various times to
transmit the virus to him, as Burk supposedly blamed his disease on
the law enforcement officers.
Burk was convicted of reckless endangerment.
Under Georgia law,
individuals who are HIV+ are guilty of felony reckless endangerment
if, after knowing of their infection, and without disclosing the
fact of their HIV status, they knowingly engage or offer to engage
in certain sexual acts, or allow others to use a hypodermic needle
previously used by them, or they donate blood, blood products, or
body organs.
Individuals are guilty of misdemeanor endangerment if
they cause bodily harm or endanger the bodily safety of another
person by consciously disregarding a substantial and unjustifiable
risk that their acts will cause harm or endanger the safety of the
other person; this disregard must constitute a gross deviation from
the standard of care which a reasonable person would exercise in
the situation.
The question on appeal was whether biting someone when knowingly
infected with HIV constituted reckless endangerment.
The appellate
court held that the fact that Burk's conduct was not specifically
proscribed by Georgia law did not insulate him from criminal
liability; his attempts to transmit HIV via saliva fall under the
provisions of the elements of misdemeanor endangerment.
At trial,
Burk's treating physician had testified that although he was not
aware of any known reports of anyone contracting AIDS through the
transmission of saliva, nonetheless "it was very strongly probable
that someone could get the HIV virus if bitten by an infected
person."
(A.S.L., Ed.: One wonders about the credulity of doctors
and the process of evaluating expert credentials in the Georgia
trial courts.)
J.H.
Texas Appeals Court Finds Actual Exposure Necessary for Fear of
AIDS Claim
Upholding a grant of summary judgment in favor of the defendant,
the Texas Court of Appeals in Amarillo ruled Nov. 20 that a
plaintiff bringing an emotional distress claim based on fear of
contracting AIDS must allege actual exposure to HIV through the
negligence of the defendant in order to state a claim.
__Abrams v.
Davidson Oil Co.__, 1996 WL 671399 (not authorized for
publication).
Abraham Abrams was a customer at defendant's gas station.
After
purchasing gas, he obtained a restroom key and went to the restroom
to clean his hands.
He suffered a cut from one of several
hypodermic needle resting in the bottom of the soapdish.
Abrams
reported this incident to the gas station attendant and called the
police.
He asked the police officers to have the hypodermic
needles tested for HIV, but they refused.
Abrams took the needles
away with him but never had them tested.
He sued for mental
anguish over the possibility that he might develop hepatitis or
AIDS, and the defendant moved for summary judgment.
Chief Judge Boyd referred to a recent decision by the Texas Court
of Appeals in San Antonio, __Drury v. Baptist Memorial Hospital
System__, 1996 WL 591889 (Oct. 9), where the court held that the
plaintiff must allege actual exposure to HIV in order to collect
damages for fear of contracting AIDS.
Boyd wrote that the Amarillo
court panel found __Drury__ persuasive and would adopt that ruling.
Boyd rejected Abrams' argument that the question whether he was
actually exposed to HIV is a "fact question" inappropriate for
disposition on summary judgment.
Boyd found that Abrams' response
to the summary judgment motion "failed to present any evidence or
argument that he could present evidence of actual exposure at
trial.
Consequently, the trial court did not err in granting
summary judgment. . . on his `fear of AIDS' claim."
A.S.L.
U.S. District Court Allows ADA Claim Despite SSDI Claim
Addressing an issue important to PWAs who have filed for disability
benefits, U.S. District Judge Robert Sweet has ruled that a
plaintiff can proceed with an Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
claim for wrongful termination despite having stated that he was
"unable to work" in an application for Social Security Disability
Insurance (SSDI) benefits. __Mohamed v. Marriott International,
Inc.__, 1996 WL 631687 (S.D.N.Y., Oct. 31).
Plaintiff Ahmed Mohamed is a deaf mute who communicates primarily
by American Sign Language (ASL).
In 1988, he began working at the
Marriott Marquis, a Manhattan hotel.
In 1993, Marriott accused him
of taking customer property; Marriott questioned him with the
assistance of a Marriott employee who understood some ASL, and
later with a qualified ASL interpreter, and terminated Mohamed the
same day.
In April of 1994, Mohamed filed suit under the ADA and
the New York State Human Rights Law, claiming that Marriott had
discriminated against him by
failing to provide reasonable
accommodations in its pre-termination proceedings.
The ADA prohibits employers from discriminating against a
"qualified individual with a disability" (QID), defined as "an
individual with a disability who, with or without reasonable
accommodation, can perform the essential functions of the
employment position that such individual holds or desires."
In
July of 1994, unable to find work, Mohamed applied for SSDI
benefits.
In his application, he stated that he was looking for
work, but he also claimed that, as of the date of his termination,
he had become unable to work because of total deafness.
"When an
SSDI applicant establishes that he is currently not employed and
has a `listed' disability [such as total deafness, the Social
Security Administration (SSA)] makes no further inquiry into the
applicant's employability."
After Marriott learned that Mohamed
had claimed (and been found) to be unable to work, it moved for
summary judgment on his ADA claim, arguing that judicial estoppel
should bar him from claiming he is a QID.
Noting a split of authority on this issue, Judge Sweet decided that
the doctrine of judicial estoppel does not bar someone who has been
classified as "unable to work" for purposes of collecting benefits
under SSDI from maintaining a claim under the ADA, because in the
2d Circuit the doctrine applies only when two conditions are
satisfied: "(1) the party against whom estoppel is asserted must
have argued an inconsistent position in a prior proceeding; and (2)
the prior position must have been adopted by the court in the prior
proceeding."
SSDI and the ADA define disability differently, and in fact the
SSA, in order to encourage persons with disabilities to seek
employment, specifically allows a claimant to work for a trial
period of up to nine months while continuing to receive disability
benefits.
Noting that Mohamed had disclosed in his benefits
application that he was continuing to seek work, Sweet ruled that
Mohamed had not necessarily asserted inconsistent positions in
claiming to be unable to work within the context of his SSDI claim,
while also claiming to be ready to work in the context of his ADA
claim.
Sweet also observed that the SSA procedure was not a court
proceeding and did not purport to rule on the question of whether
Mohamed was a QID under the ADA.
Lastly, Sweet concluded that
"estopping Mohamed...would undermine the legislative policy of
providing the disabled with both protection from destitution and a
genuine opportunity to participate fully in the job market." O.R.D.
Prosecutorial Immunity Defense to Defamation Suit Concerning HIV
Information May Be Invalid
Rejecting a motion to strike, Connecticut Superior Court Judge
McMahon ruled Nov. 6 that the immunity from defamation actions
normally accorded to prosecutors may not apply to a situation where
a prosecutor revealed confidential HIV-related information in open
court.
__Barese v. Clark__, 1996 WL 663850.
Defendant Clark, a
supervising state's attorney in New Haven, successfully prosecuted
James Evans for assaulting and robbing the plaintiff and
burglarizing her home.
During the attack, Evans bit the plaintiff.
According to Barese's complaint, on the morning of the sentencing
hearing for Evans, Clark called Barese to his office and told her
that Evans claimed to be infected with HIV.
Barese alleges that
Clark assured her that "no one will even know what's discussed
here."
However, at the sentencing hearing later that day, Clark
revealed Evans' claim about being HIV+, and said that if the
prosecution had that information earlier, it would have charged
Evans with attempted murder.
Barese alleges the local media
reported these remarks, thus disclosing her possible exposure to
HIV to public knowledge.
Clark moved to strike her complaint on
grounds of prosecutorial immunity for statements made within the
judicial process.
Denying Clark's motion, Judge McMahon emphasized a Connecticut law,
Gen. Stat. sec. 19a-583, under which "disclosure of confidential
HIV-related information is prohibited except in very limited and
discrete circumstances" according to a recent Connecticut Supreme
Court decision, __Doe v. Marselle__, 675 A.2d 835.
"In light of
the statutory protection of confidential HIV information in
Connecticut, it is not clear that the defendant is absolutely
immune from liability for publicly revealing confidential
information regarding the plaintiff's potential HIV infection
during the sentencing hearing, especially since it is not apparent
that the information was even relevant to the proceeding," wrote
McMahon.
In addition, one count of the complaint sounded in fraud,
related to Clark's statement to Barese in his office, and McMahon
expressed doubt that Clark's statement in that context was shielded
by prosecutorial immunity in any event.
Since the issue of
prosecutorial immunity is unclear, McMahon felt it would not be
appropriate to dispose of it in a motion to strike the complaint.
A.S.L.
Canadian Appeals Court Refuses to Apply Assault Statute to
Consensual Sex Involving HIV+ Man
Ruling in __R. v. Cuerrier__, the British Columbia, Canada, Court
of Appeal upheld dismissal of criminal assault charges against an
HIV+ man who engaged in consensual unprotected intercourse with two
women without telling them of his HIV-status.
Neither woman was
infected with HIV as a result of this activity.
Writing for four members of the panel, Madame Justice Prowse said,
"The invitation extended to us to enlarge the common law of assault
by creating another category of conduct which will vitiate consent
is one which I respectfully decline.
This is not a case about the
merits or demerits of consensual brawling which occasions bodily
harm.
We are concerned with the most intimate and private of human
behaviour, the sexual act, which, as far as these individuals were
concerned at the time, was consensual.
Unlike unrestrained
brawling, the consensual sexual act has positive social value,
ranging from pleasure to the bonding of individuals, to
procreation. . .
I am also reluctant to create a further category
of conduct which would vitiate consent in these circumstances,
since to do so would come perilously close to creating a new
offence, with Mr. Cuerrier being the first Canadian to suffer the
consequences. . . I conclude that, to the extent that the
criminalization of conduct creating a risk of the transmission of
HIV is considered to be in the public interest, the assault
provisions of the Code are not well-suited to the task. . .
In may
view, parliament is in the best position to strike the appropriate
balance between the competing interests of promoting public health
initiatives to control the spread of HIV, deterring harm-risking
conduct, and protecting individual autonomy."
One member of the appellate panel, Justice Williams, said "It is
harder to envisage a stronger set of facts than this case presents.
The conduct of the appellant in this case is absolutely
reprehensible and in my view deserving of some criminal sanction."
But the court unanimously agreed that in the absence of
transmission Mr. Cuerrier could not be punished under the
province's laws, and there was no dissent.
Our report is from
summaries posted to the Internet by Rob Hughes, Barrister and
Solicitor, Smith & Hughes. A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
The White House coordinator of AIDS policy, Patricia Fleming,
announced she will be leaving early in 1997.
Her chief deputy,
Jeff Levi (former executive director of the National Lesbian & Gay
Task Force), announced his departure at the beginning of December.
Concern was raised that new leaders for the nation's AIDS effort
may not be in place during crucial discussions leading to
introduction of the President's proposed budget for fiscal year
1998, which must be sent to Congress in February.
Among names
surfacing as potential replacements for Fleming were Los Angeles
black gay AIDS activist Phill Wilson (director of public policy at
AIDS Project Los Angeles), New York City gay AIDS activist Mike
Isbell (deputy director at Gay Men's Health Crisis), Washington
D.C. gay AIDS activist Jim Graham (executive director of the
Whitman-Walker Clinic, a gay/AIDS health organization), and Pat
Christen (director of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation), whose
sexual orientation was not specified in news reports.
__Washington
Times__, Dec. 4.
In a decision announced Nov. 4, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
6th Circuit, sitting en banc, ruled that punitive damages are not
available for intentional violations of Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act, overruling a 3-judge panel of the circuit in
__Moreno v. Consolidated Rail Corporation__.
Two dissenting judges
argued that a prior Supreme Court case provided a rationale for
awarding punitive damages in this type of case.
See BNA __Daily
Labor Report__ No. 217 (11/8/96), pp. AA-1 & E-3.
The case did not
involve HIV/AIDS, but the ruling is of obvious significance for
persons with HIV/AIDS seeking redress under Section 504 in the 6th
Circuit.
A U.S. District Judge in Florida has ruled that Title II of the
Americans With Disabilities Act, which covers discrimination in
public services, programs and activities, does not provide a cause
of action for employment discrimination.
__Bledsoe v. Palm Beach
Soil and Water Conservation District__, No. 94-8360-CIV (S.D.Fla.,
10/17/96).
The decision by Judge Kenneth L. Ryskamp contradicts
rulings in several other jurisdictions.
The significance of this
ruling is that Title I, the employment chapter of ADA, applies only
to entities that employ 15 or more persons; if Title II provided a
cause of action for employment discrimination against public
employers, there would be no requirement that a particular public
program employ 15 or more persons in order to be covered by the
non-discrimination requirement.
Ryskamp found that Congress did
not intend this anomaly.
Four leading pharmaceutical companies that produce blood clotting
medication for use by hemophiliacs have indicated that they plan to
go ahead with a $620 million settlement of several thousand
lawsuits on behalf of hemophiliacs who contracted HIV-infection as
a result of using their products prior to the introduction of the
HIV antibody screening test in 1995.
At a hearing in federal
district court in Chicago on Nov. 22, attorneys for the drug
companies told U.S. District Judge John Grady that the refusal of
more than 500 HIV-infected hemophiliacs to go along with the
settlement will not deter the companies from proceeding to settle
with other plaintiffs.
__New York Times__, Nov. 26.
Last year, Congress included in federal health appropriations a
requirement that providers of prenatal care strongly recommend HIV
testing for pregnant women, and indicated that if the number of
infants who acquire HIV from their mothers does not decrease
sharply, the government will implement mandatory HIV-testing of
newborn infants.
On Nov. 22, the __New York Times__ reported a CDC
announcement that the number of newborns who contracted HIV from
their mothers declined 27 percent from 1992 to 1995.
The CDC
attributed this to a substantial increase in the number of pregnant
women who were obtaining prenatal HIV testing and AZT therapy
during pregnancy, which has been shown to reduce sharply the
likelihood that the infant will be born with HIV infection.
The
latest statistics from the CDC show a total of 566,002 reported
AIDS cases in the U.S. by the end of September, including 7,472
from children under age 13, of whom 90 percent were infected
perinatally.
Most of the other childhood HIV infections were
attributed to contaminated blood or blood products.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Amar, Akhil Reed, Attainder and Amendment 2: Romer's Rightness, 95
Mich. L. Rev. 203 (October 1996).
Association of the Bar of the City of New York, A Recommendation
Against the Passing of H.R. 3396; S. 1740: A Bill to Define and
Protect the Institution of Marriage, 51 Record of the Association
of the Bar of the City of New York 654 (October 1996) (Joint report
by Committees on Civil Rights; Lesbians & Gay Men in the
Profession; Sex and Law).
Barton, Chris, The Homosexual in the Family, 26 Fam. L. (U.K.) 626
(Oct. 1996).
Brashier, Ralph C., Children and Inheritance in the Nontraditional
Family, 1996 Utah L. Rev. 93.
de Vos, Pierre, On the Legal Construction of Gay and Lesbian
Identity and South Africa's Transitional Constitution, 12 S.
African J. on Hum. Rts. 265 (1996).
Geary, Christopher R., Advance Directives for Health Care Matters:
Unified Statutes Solve Many Problems, 13 Probate L.J. 85 (1996).
Harbeck, Karen M., Gay and Lesbian Educators: Personal Freedoms,
Public Constraints (Amethyst Press, PO Box 249-H, Malden, MA 02148,
$24.95).
Hills, Roderick M., Jr., Is Amendment 2 Really A Bill of Attainder?
Some Questions About Professor Amar's Analysis of Romer, 95 Mich.
L. Rev. 236 (October 1996) (response to Amar article, above).
Jacobs, Daniel L., Same-Sex Marriages: A Selective Bibliography of
Legal and Social Aspects, 51 Record of the Association of the Bar
of the City of New York 687 (October 1996).
Johns, Michael, The First Amendment and Cyberspace: Trying to Teach
Old Doctrines New Tricks, 64 U. Cin. L. Rev. 1383 (Summer 1996).
Katz, Michael P., Close Encounters of the Third Kind: Privacy,
Equality and the Expression of Homosexual Preference, 12 S. African
J. on Hum. Rts. 308 (1996)(argument for invalidation of South
African laws penalizing consensual male homosexual activity).
Kendall, Christopher, and Brian Eyolfson, "One in Ten" But Who's
Counting?: Lesbians, Gay Men and Employment Equity, 27 Ottawa L.
Rev. 281 (1995).
Kim, Pauline T., Privacy Rights, Public Policy, and the Employment
Relationship, 57 Ohio St. L. J. 671 (1996).
Mohler, R. Albert, Jr., Homosexuality in Theological Perspective:
Toward an Evangelical Response, 2 Liberty, Life & Family 219 (1996)
(Know thine enemy: This theologically-inspired anti-gay diatribe by
the President of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary is
published by a student journal from Pat Robertson's Regent
University Law School).
Moran, Leslie F., The Homosexual(ity) of Law (Routledge, London &
New York, 1996).
Nersessian, David L., Mom Versus Grandma -or- Parent Preference
Versus Best Interest: An Examination of the Case for Grandparent
Custody, 13 Probate L.J. 133 (1996).
Pantazis, Angelo, The Problematic Nature of Gay Identity, 12 S.
African J. on Hum. Rts. 291 (1996).
Posner, Richard A., and Katharine B. Silbaugh, A Guide to America's
Sex Laws (U. Chi. Press, 1996) (reviewed by Carlin Meyer in New
York Law Journal, Nov. 8, 1996, p. 2)
Rimmerman, Craig A., Gay Rights, Military Wrongs: Political
Perspectives on Lesbians and Gays in the Military (Garland
Publishing Co., N.Y., 1996).
Seaquist, Gwen, and Eileen Kelly, Employer Rights and Liability in
Regulating Provocative Dress in the Workplace, 48 Lab.L.J. 668
(Oct. 1996).
Student Notes & Comments:
Blasi, Susan Silberman, 1996 Student Writing Competition Winner:
The Adjudication of Same-Sex Sexual Harassment Claims Under Title
VII, 12 The Labor Lawyer 291 (Summer/Fall 1996).
DeCoste, F.C., Vriend v. Alberta: Sexual Orientation and Liberal
Polity, 34 Alberta L. Rev. 950 (1996).
O'Byrne, Shannon K., and James F. McGinnis, Vriend v. Alberta:
Plessy Revisited: Lesbian and Gay Rights in the Province of
Alberta, 34 Alberta L. Rev. 892 (1996).
Renke, Wayne N., Vriend v. Alberta: Discrimination, Burdens of
Proof, and Judicial Notice, 34 Alberta L. Rev. 925 (1996).
Symposia:
Symposium on Battered Women and the Law, 57 U. Pitt. L. Rev. No. 3
(Spring 1996).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bruyere, Susanne M., Susana Gomez & Gwen Thayer Handelmann, The
Reasonable Accommodation Process in Unionized Environments, 48
Lab.L.J. 629 (Oct. 1996).
Hoekstra, David John, "Without Knowledge of the Disability": An
Emerging Limitation to Liability Under the ADA, 47 Lab. L. J. (CCH)
717 (Nov. 1996) (brief review of emerging caselaw on employer
defense of lack of knowledge of disability)
Hughes, Mark F., Jr., Insurer's Ability to Contest Claims After the
Contestability Cutoff, 63 Defense Counsel J. 537 (Oct. 1996).
Student Notes & Comments:
Labuschagne, J.M.T., Sexual Orientation, Sexual Autonomy and
Discrimination Definition of Crime, 12 S. African J. on Hum. Rts.
321 (1996).
Stukes, Anne S., Doe v. University of Maryland Medical System
Corporation: Should Doctors With AIDS Continue to Practice?, 74
N.C. L. Rev. 2013 (September 1996).
The Impact of the Americans With Disabilities Act on AIDS
Discrimination in the Workplace, 19 Am. J. Trial Advoc. 623 (Spring
1996).
Editor's Note:
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All comments in
Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be
published subject to editing. Please address correspondence to the
Editor or send by e-mail. A.S.L.