https://www.caseygrants.org/terms-of-use/
General
This website is owned and operated by Marguerite Casey Foundation (“the Foundation”) and contains material which is derived in whole or in part from The Foundation and other sources. This website and its contents are protected by international copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material from this website, including code and software for any commercial purposes. You may only download material from this website for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.
The Foundation agrees to provide you access to its website subject to these Terms of Use. You agree to use our service in accordance with these Terms. Because the web is an evolving medium, we may need to change these Terms of Use from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Use on the website. By continuing to use the Foundation’s website after we post any such changes, you accept the Terms of Use, as modified.
License to The Foundation
When you post a message, upload a file, or otherwise provide us with material for display on the website, you are granting the Foundation a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to:
use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or display any such communication; and
sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication.
The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Privacy
Please refer to the Privacy Policy page of the foundation’s website for a description on how we handle and protect your personal data in connection with the Sites.
Disclaimer
The Foundation may provide links to other websites merely for your convenience. The Foundation does not control these linked websites and makes no representation regarding the quality, nature or reliability of any other websites. The inclusion of any link does not imply The Foundation’s endorsement of such linked website. Anyone linking to a The Foundation website must comply with the Foundation’s Website Linking Requirements (see next section) and all applicable laws.
THE MATERIALS IN THIS WEBSITE AND THE THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, THE FOUNDATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE FOUNDATION DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OF ITS FUNCTIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING BULLETIN BOARDS, OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE IT AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE FOUNDATION DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS WEBSITE OR IN THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT THE FOUNDATION) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY MAINTENANCE, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
Website Linking Requirements
Unless we have a written agreement with you, you may not present the link to our website in any way that suggests the Foundation has any relationship or affiliation with your website, or endorses, sponsors or recommends the information, products or services on your website. Link only to the home page of the Foundation’s website, unless you have the Foundation’s prior, written permission to link to another page. Also, you may not without the Foundation’s prior, written permission: (a) incorporate any content from our website into your website (e.g., by in-lining or framing); (b) use any the Foundation name or tagline or other information identifying the Foundation website in any “metatag” or other information used by search engines or other information location tools to identify and select websites. The Foundation will not tolerate links from any obscene, scandalous, profane, defamatory, unlawful website, or any website that may adversely affect the Foundation’s name, reputation, and/or goodwill. The Foundation reserves the right to cancel permission to link at any time and for any reason.
Interactive Areas
Services offered on Casey’s websites may include bulletin boards, forums and chat rooms (“Interactive Areas”) which allow feedback to Casey and real-time interaction between users. Casey does not control the messages, information or files delivered to its unmoderated Interactive Areas. It is a condition of your use of the Interactive Areas and this website that you do not:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Interactive Areas.
Pose or transmit any information you know to be false or misleading.
Post or transmit any information that, in Casey’s opinion, is inappropriate for children.
Collect or store personal data about other users of the Interactive Areas.
Impersonate another person, whether a third party or a Casey representative or moderator; or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
Post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Post or transmit any information, software or other material that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.
Post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component.
Post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or which contains chain letters, junk mail, pyramid schemes or other forms of advertising.
You understand that Casey has no obligation to monitor the Interactive Areas. However, Casey reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in Casey’s sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of these terms and conditions. Casey reserves the right to terminate your access to the Interactive Areas upon breach of these terms and conditions.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall the Foundation, or any parties affiliated with the Foundation, be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the Foundation materials, products or services, or third party materials, products or services made available through the Foundation. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Foundation is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any the Foundation materials, products or services or with these Terms of Use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Foundation’s website.
Termination
These Terms of Use are effective until terminated by the Foundation, at any time without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the bulletin boards and the restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the bulletin boards, the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in this agreement, shall survive.
Other
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and the Foundation with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written and oral. These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of law. If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Top