http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1997/04.97
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021
April 1997
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Steven Kolodny,
Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York; Mark Major, Esq., New
York; K. Jacob Ruppert, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams, Esq.,
Boston; Charles Wertheimer, NY Law School Student; Robert
Wintemute, Esq., London, England.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1997 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
Two State Appeals Courts Rule on Domestic Partner Benefits Claims
Against Public Universities
Within two days of each other, appellate courts in New Jersey and
Alaska issued rulings on claims for domestic partnership benefits
brought by lesbian and gay employees of state universities.
In
__Rutgers Council of AAUP Chapters v. Rutgers, The State
University__, 1997 WL 106864 (March 12), a 3-judge panel of the New
Jersey Appellate Division unanimously rejected the claim under
state statutes and the state constitution.
In __University of
Alaska v. Tumeo and Wattum__, 1997 WL 112276 (March 14), the Alaska
Supreme Court issued a 5-0 decision upholding the benefits claim
under the state's Human Rights Act as it existed when the claims
were brought, although a subsequent amendment of the Act in
response to the trial court decision in this case may ultimately
render it a merely theoretical victory.
In the __Rutgers__ case, the plaintiffs based their claim on four
distinct arguments: (1) that the State Health Benefits Plan (SHBP),
which authorizes extension of benefits to dependents of employees,
should be given a broad construction to include domestic partners;
(2) that denial of domestic partner benefits violates the ban on
marital status and sexual orientation discrimination in the state's
Law Against Discrimination (LAD); (3) that denial of domestic
partner benefits violates the right to equal protection under the
state constitution; and (4) that a state executive order banning
sexual orientation discrimination within state government mandates
interpreting the Benefits Plan to cover domestic partners.
Presiding Justice Shebell's decision for the court rejects each of
these arguments.
The SHBP was enacted in 1961.
At that time, dependents was defined
as an employee's spouse and unmarried children under the age of 23
living with the employee.
The legislature included no definition
of spouse.
While recognizing that in recent years society's
notions of family have changed to include unmarried couples, the
court found that this change had not gone so far as to equate
spouses with non-marital couples in the common use of the term
"spouse."
Turning to the LAD argument, the court noted that the
legislature had apparently anticipated this sort of claim by
including an express exception in the law: "Nothing contained in
this act . . . shall be construed . . . to interfere with the
operation of the terms or conditions and administration of any bona
fide retirement, pension, employee benefit or insurance plan or
program . ., provided that the provisions of those plans or
programs are not used to establish an age for mandatory
retirement."
The court described this as an "unambiguous exception
for benefit and insurance programs," and held that it bars any
discrimination claim against the benefits plan under the LAD.
Turning to the constitutional claim, the court found that New
Jersey courts have taken a less rigid approach to equal protection
than the federal courts, with their multi-tiered levels of
scrutiny.
The court noted that only intentional discrimination is
prohibited by the New Jersey constitution, and that "close"
scrutiny is given to discrimination based on "suspect
classifications."
New Jersey courts have not gone further than
federal courts in defining suspect classifications, and the court
noted that federal appeals courts have rejected claims that sexual
orientation is a suspect classification.
Thus, close scrutiny
would not be applied here.
Rather, the court would ask "whether
there is an appropriate governmental interest suitably furthered by
the differential treatment."
Applying this test, the court found that the state's articulated
interest of "creating a workable administration scheme that can be
applied in a uniform and objective manner" outweighed the
plaintiffs' interests, because it avoided the state "getting
involved in a subjective analysis, and avoids that certain conflict
that would arise from establishing and analyzing subjective
criteria."
Responding to the plaintiffs' claim of unfairness
because they could not marry their partners to qualify for the
benefits, the court briefly reviewed the history of same-sex
marriage litigation, noting that with the singular exception of
Hawaii, the courts of no state had been receptive to legal
challenges seeking same-sex marriage licenses.
The court noted,
further, that same-sex couples were not the only couples excluded
from marrying in New Jersey, pointing out that "cousins, parents,
children over 23 years of age, siblings, or anyone related too
closely by blood, including those persons legally married to
another, cannot qualify for benefits because of the marriage
requirement, no matter how dependent or emotionally bonded they may
be."
The court found no evidence that the legislature specifically
intended to discriminate against "lesbian or gay male persons," but
rather that such persons were part of a larger category of couples
excluded from marriage who could not qualify for spousal benefits
in the workplace.
Accepting the administrative and financial
policy reasons articulated by the state as sufficient to sustain
the current scheme, the court opined that it was up the legislature
to decide whether to alter those policies in order to accommodate
same-sex couples.
The court did note that there was nothing to
stop same-sex public employees from seeking these benefits through
collective bargaining.
Turning last to the executive order, which covers only sexual
orientation discrimination, the court noted that what was really at
issue in this case is marital status discrimination, because a wide
variety of non-gay couples are also excluded from marrying and
obtaining benefits, and thus the executive order would not address
this problem.
Further, the court found that an executive order
must cede priority to a statute -- in this instance, the LAD's
specific exemption of employee benefit plans from the non-
discrimination requirement.
The Alaska Supreme Court was first faced with the issue of
mootness.
After Judge Greene of the Superior Court ruled that the
marital status discrimination provisions of the state's Human
Rights Act require the University to extend health insurance
benefits to domestic partners of employees on the same basis as it
is extended to legal spouses, the legislature reacted by amending
the Human Rights Act as follows: "Notwithstanding the prohibition
against employment discrimination on the basis of marital status or
parenthood. . ., an employer may, without violating this chapter,
provide greater health and retirement benefits to employees who
have a spouse or dependent children than are provided to other
employees."
This would seem to end the controversy.
However, the
Supreme Court, in any opinion by Chief Justice Compton, held that
there was still a live controversy for two reasons: (1) After Judge
Green issued her order and requests to stay the order were
unavailing, the University did extend domestic partnership benefits
until the legislature had acted to overrule the decision, and it
was conceivable that the University might now demand refunds from
employees if the Supreme Court held that Judge Green's ruling was
incorrect; and (2) Judge Green awarded attorney's fees to the
prevailing party and, if her construction of the Act was correct at
the time it was rendered, the plaintiffs should still be entitled
to attorney's fees as prevailing parties.
Satisfied that there remained a live controversy, the court turned
to the merits and found that the unequivocal ban on marital status
discrimination in terms and conditions of employment did extend to
employee benefits at the University, and that in light of the broad
construction previously given to the marital status provisions by
the courts, the plaintiffs' claims were valid under the law prior
to its amendment.
Rejecting every attempt by the University to
contend that some sort of exception should be read into the law,
the court found that the non-discrimination requirement was
unambiguous and not in any way modified by subsequent legislation
authorizing the institution of employee benefit plans for public
employees in Alaska.
In a terse concluding paragraph, the court affirmed that the
University had admitted discriminating on the basis of marital
status, that the statute pre-amendment forbade such discrimination,
and that the University had failed to meet its burden to show that
the legislature's intent was in any way contrary to the language of
the statute.
Thus, the court affirmed the decision of the superior
court and remanded the case "for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion."
It will be interesting to see what happens on remand in this case.
Clearly, the plaintiffs will be entitled to resist any demand for
refunds and will be entitled to their attorney's fees as prevailing
parties.
Less clear is whether the superior court could entertain
a new argument based on the equal protection requirements of the
state constitution, and whether in that context the type of
administrative convenience argument that succeeded for the
defendants in New Jersey would succeed in Alaska, whose courts have
been notably receptive to a wide variety of discrimination claims
consistent with the frontier ethos of the state.
In the New Jersey case, plaintiffs were represented by Denise
Reinhardt for Rutgers Counsel of AAUP Chapters, Rosemary DiSavino
and Julie Goldscheid (ACLU) for individual named plaintiffs, and
were assisted with amicus briefs from Lambda Legal Defense &
Education Fund, the New Jersey Lesbian & Gay Law Association, and
the New Jersey Education Association.
In the Alaska case, William
B. Schendel represented the plaintiffs, with amicus assistance from
the Spectrum Institute (a non-profit organization based in Los
Angeles concerned with non-traditional family issues), the National
Lesbian and Gay Law Association, Lambda Legal Defense, and the
National Organization for Women Legal Defense Fund.
A.S.L.
First Circuit Finds ADA Protection For HIV+ Dental Patient
In a landmark decision issued on March 5, the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit upheld the granting of summary judgment in
favor of an HIV+ woman who was refused routine service by her
dentist due to her HIV-status.
__Abbott v Bragdon__, 1997 WL
85096.
This made the First Circuit the first federal appeals court
to hold that an HIV+ asymptomatic individual is protected from
discrimination by the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), which
protects persons who suffer an impairment that significantly
affects a major life activity.
On Sept. 16, 1994, Sidney Abbott, a resident of Maine, went to the
office of Dr. Randon Bragdon for a pre-scheduled dental
appointment.
On her patient registration form, Abbott indicated
that she was infected with HIV.
At the time of the incident,
Abbott was asymptomatic and did not have AIDS.
After a routine
examination, Dr. Bragdon found a cavity in one of her teeth.
Dr.
Bragdon then told Abbott that, pursuant to his infectious disease
policy, he would not fill her cavity in his office, but would only
treat her in a hospital setting.
Further, Dr. Bragdon informed
Abbott that she would be responsible for the cost of whatever the
hospital charged for the use of its facilities.
Abbott refused the
offer and instead filed a complaint against Abbott under the ADA,
represented by the Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders (GLAD).
Both sides moved for summary judgment after pre-trial discovery.
The district court ruled that Abbott was substantially limited in
a major life activity (reproduction), and thus was disabled for the
purposes of the ADA.
__See Abbott v. Bragdon__, 912 F.Supp. 580,
587 (D.Me. 1995).
The court further concluded that the routine
treatment Abbott needed could have been provided safely in Dr.
Bragdon's office; consequently, the court granted Abbott's motion
for summary judgment and denied Bragdon's.
__Id.__ at 595-96.
Bragdon presented two questions to the court of appeals: first,
whether Abbott, who was infected with HIV but was asymptomatic, had
a disability cognizable under the ADA; and, second, whether
Abbott's affliction posed a direct threat to the health and safety
of others and therefore was an exception to the ADA.
Addressing the first issue, Abbott alleged that her HIV infection
was a disability that substantially interfered with her ability to
reproduce.
The court, in an opinion by Judge Selya, easily found
that HIV+ status, whether symptomatic or asymptomatic, comprises a
physical impairment under the ADA.
For the second prong of the
test, Abbott cited reproduction as her affected major life
activity.
Dr. Bragdon argued that reproduction was not a major
life activity, and in the alternative, argued that Abbott could not
cite reproduction as __her__ major life activity.
The court found
that Abbott's HIV+ status had a profound impact on her ability to
engage in intimate sexual activity, which has been identified as a
major life activity in prior cases.
Further, the court found that,
at a minimum, there was an 8% chance that Abbott would pass her
infection on to any child she bore.
Finally, the court found that,
due to her HIV+ status, it was likely that Abbott would not live
long enough to complete the duties of raising a child.
Based on
the foregoing, the court found that no reasonable juror could
conclude that an 8% risk of passing an incurable, debilitating, and
inevitably fatal disease to one's child is not a substantial
restriction on reproductive activity.
After finding that Abbott's condition triggered the protections of
the ADA, the court was careful to note that its determinations were
fact-specific to this case, referring to Abbott as a "fecund
female" whose reproductive capacities had been significantly
impaired by her HIV-status.
Addressing the second issue, the court had to determine whether
Abbott's HIV+ status posed a "direct threat" to the health and
safety of others and therefore came under an express exception to
the ADA's non-discrimination requirement.
The court reviewed
guidelines for dentists and other health care professionals for
treating people with HIV.
The court dismissed most of the studies
suggested by Dr. Bragdon, because they dealt with transmission of
HIV from the doctor to the patient.
The court found that the
doctor was in a better position to protect him or herself from HIV
infection and therefore the case studies did not applying to the
situation of a patient infecting a doctor.
After so finding, the
court upheld the district court's granting of summary judgment in
Abbott's favor.
GLAD's cooperating attorney, David G. Webbert, of Johnson, Webbert
& Laubenstein in Augusta, Maine, stated: "This victory has enormous
implications for people with HIV.
People with HIV have experienced
widespread discrimination in access to health care. If Dr.
Bragdon's position in this case had prevailed, then any doctor or
nurse could refuse to draw blood or insert an intravenous line for
any patient with HIV."
GLAD's press release announcing the
decision identified two important legal precedents set by the
opinion: "First, the court held that a dentist's fear of potential
HIV transmission from the patient to the dentist is irrational and
not based on scientific evidence and therefore is
not a basis for
exemption from the ADA's discrimination provisions. Second, the
Court ruled that the ADA, which prohibits discrimination against
disabled people in places of public accommodation (including dental
and medical offices) - as well as in employment and public services
- protects people who are HIV-positive, but do not yet have an AIDS
diagnosis."
At the end of its decision, the court again noted that this
decision was fact-sensitive and that it might have ruled
differently had the patient required a more invasive procedure.
T.V.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Vermont Supreme Court Rules Against Lesbian Co-Parent in Visitation
Dispute
In a surprising change of stance for a gay-friendly jurisdiction,
the Vermont Supreme Court rejected a lesbian partner's effort to
establish visitation with her former partner's adopted child,
holding that there is no legal right by which the court might
fashion an equitable remedy, and that the court was unwilling to
create a new legal right of "equitable parentage" for third parties
seeking visitation, as was suggested by the firmly-worded dissent.
Titchenal v. Dexter, 1997 WL 82730, 23 Fam. L. Rep. (BNA) 1224
(Feb. 28).
The dispute arose from the breakup of a relationship between Chris
Titchenal and Diane Dexter, who had both participated in raising a
child adopted by Dexter.
In 1985, the parties began an intimate
relationship in which they jointly purchased a home, held joint
bank accounts, and jointly owned their cars.
They both contributed
financially to their household, and regarded each other as life
partners.
At some point, they decided to have a child.
When
attempts to conceive via a sperm donor failed, they decided to
adopt.
In July 1991, defendant adopted a newborn girl, who was
named Sarah Ruth Dexter-Titchenal.
The parties held themselves out
to Sarah and all others as her parents.
For the first 3-1/2 years
of Sarah's life, Titchenal cared for the child approximately 65
percent of the time.
Plaintiff did not seek adoption of Sarah
because the parties believed that the adoption statute would not
allow both of them to do so.
In 1994, the parties' relationship deteriorated and the defendant
moved out, taking Sarah.
For the next five months, Sarah stayed
with Titchenal twice a week.
By spring of 1995, defendant had
severely curtailed plaintiff's contact with Sarah and refused
plaintiff's offer of financial assistance.
In October 1995, realizing that the family court lacks jurisdiction
to adjudicate her claim, plaintiff requested the superior court to
exercise its equitable jurisdiction to establish and enforce
regular unsupervised visitation between her and Sarah.
The court
granted defendant's motion to dismiss, refusing to recognize a
cause of action for parent-child contact absent a common law or
statutory basis.
Titchenal argued on appeal that the superior
court has equitable jurisdiction under the state's __parens
patriae__ authority to consider her claim, and that public policy
and the doctrines of __in loco parentis__ and __de facto__
parenthood allow the court to exercise equitable authority in cases
such as this.
Chief Justice Allen, writing for the court, found no legal basis
for the plaintiff's proposal, stating that the courts cannot exert
equitable powers unless they first have jurisdiction over the
subject matter and the parties.
"[A] court may exert its equitable
powers to grant appropriate relief only when a judicially
cognizable right exists, and no adequate legal remedy is
available."
The inquiry then changed to whether there is an
underlying legal basis for plaintiff's claim that would allow the
superior court to apply its equitable powers, which courts may
exert based on common-law, statutory, constitutional rights or on
public policy considerations.
The court found no legal basis for
plaintiff's claimed as an equitable or de facto parent, nor for her
argument that public policy compels such a result.
"[T]here is no
common-law history of Vermont courts interfering with the rights
and responsibilities of fit parents absent statutory authority to
do so."
Making clear the exception of __parens patriae__ power to
adjudicate custody matters in neglect petitions, the court topped
its reasoning off with the common-law rule that "parents have the
right to the custody, control and services of their minor children
free from governmental interference."
The court further explained that "persons affected by this decision
[including same-sex couples] can protect their interests" by
adoption, which Titchenal did not attempt because the parties
believed that Vermont's adoption laws at the time would not permit
it.
Effectively telling the plaintiff that she brought this
problem on herself, the court stated that she actually could have
adopted Sarah since "as of December 1991, when Sarah was only five
months old, at least one Vermont probate court had allowed the
female partner of a child's adoptive mother to adopt the child as
a second parent."
Moreover, in June of 1993, more than a year
before the end of the parties' relationship, the Vermont Supreme
Court construed the adoption statute to allow same-sex couple
adoptions, under which unmarried adoptive partners could petition
the family court regarding parental rights and responsibilities or
parent-child contact.
On public policy considerations, the court further sank the
plaintiff's case by citing cases on the dangers of forcing parents
to defend third-party visitation claims and the risk of abuse of
the process to continue unwanted relationships or to harass the
legal parents.
"[Nothing] would . . . prevent parents from having
to defend themselves against the merits of petitions brought by a
potentially wide range of third parties claiming a parent-like
relationship with their child," citing as examples __In re Hood__,
847 P.2d 1300 (Kan.1993) (day-care provider); __L. v. G.__, 497
A.2d 215 (N.J.Super.Ct.Ch.Div.1985) (adult siblings); __Bessette v.
Saratoga County Comm'r__, 619 N.Y.S.2d 359 (N.Y.App. Div. 1994)
(former foster parents).
However, in what seems to be an olive branch offering, the court
insists that its opinion should not be read to impede same-sex
partners from child-rearing (although it does respect the public
policy concerns "in this age of the disintegrating nuclear
family"), but absent statutory authority extending the family
court's jurisdiction to adjudicate third-party visitation requests,
legal parents retain the right to determine whether third-party
visitation is in their child's best interest.
The court concludes
that equity will not aid those who fail to take advantage of a
remedy available at law, and that if the plaintiff wanted to adopt
Sarah, she should have attempted to do so.
Instead, plaintiff made
no such attempt, but now seeks equitable relief years later.
The dissent, penned by Justice Morse and joined by Justice Johnson,
suggests the doctrine of equitable adoption, as an alternative,
well-established remedy that is well suited to the factual
circumstances of this case.
This "equitable-parentage" theory is
based on the doctrine of equitable adoption used in cases of
intestate succession to permit participation in the estate by a
foster child who was never legally adopted by the decedent.
Upon
the foster parent's death, a court declares the child is entitled
to share in the estate as of she were legally adopted.
Across the
country, this doctrine has been invoked to entitle a child to
maintain an action for wrongful death, death benefits under
workers' compensation statutes, and to support the parental rights
of a non-biological father to the daughter born while he was
married to the mother.
Morse proposes applying the original Vermont equitable adoption
concept established in __Whitchurch v. Perry__, 408 A.2d 627
(1979), but in a "novel factual context." Titchenal "contends that
she would have adopted [Sarah] when she was born in 1991, but that
the adoption statute then appeared to allow only one unmarried
person to adopt, and defendant was designated as the adoptive
parent."
Given the subsequent rule changes, Plaintiff should be
allowed to prove "an intent to establish an adoptive
relationship with the child that was never formally consummated
because of the then current state of the law" and Titchenal's
relationship with the defendant.
Family court would be the proper
venue because it is expressly empowered to "hear and dispose of
issues pertaining to parental rights and responsibilities [of] . .
. two unmarried persons, who have adopted a minor child," 15A
V.S.A. sec. 1-112, and is further vested with full `equitable . .
. powers' to determine whether one of the parties is entitled to
adoptive parent status. 4 V.S.A. sec. 453(a)."
The five-page dissent concludes that the case should be remanded to
the family court to determine if Titchenal would have adopted Sarah
except for the legal impediment and, if so, she would be deemed the
equitable adoptive mother and the court presumably could accord her
all the rights of a legal adoptive parent.
The court rejected this approach on several grounds.
First,
regarding family court jurisdiction, it argued that family court
lacks the proper jurisdiction because, despite the dissent's
analysis, the fact remains that the plaintiff never adopted the
child, the fact that triggers family court jurisdiction.
The court
cannot "remand" to family court as the dissent suggests, since the
appeal is from superior court and the plaintiff never claimed that
family court has jurisdiction to adjudicate the dispute.
Second, the court rather colorfully chides the dissent for
"stretching the doctrine . . . beyond recognition in an effort to
provide relief to this particular plaintiff" while providing no
"principled" justification or limitation.
To do so would
foreclose all others having legitimate reasons for failing to adopt
from seeking equitable relief.
The majority acknowledges that not
many courts have embraced the equitable-parent doctrine and of
those that did, the court does not find that any have limited it in
the manner proposed by the dissent.
The dissent responds claiming
that it is simply invoking an application much closer to the
original equitable-adoption concept: to find, in retrospect, an
intent to adopt by a person who had never formally done so, for the
purpose of achieving a just result.
Responding to the issue of
"principled justification," the dissent argues that its proposal is
no more "unprincipled" than any other equitable doctrine, "unless
the court also considers equitable estoppel, equitable servitudes,
constructive trusts, specific performance, and every other
equitable remedy to be unprincipled."
Finally, the court advances that the plaintiff somehow could, and
should, have attempted to adopt the minor child prior to the
couple's separation in 1994.
The dissent states that it would be
unfair to conclude that the plaintiff, or anyone similarly
situated, should have known that she had the legal right to adopt
prior to the effective date of the new adoption statute. "It is one
thing to presume that parties are aware of, and bound by, general
enactments of the Legislature that amend the law; it is quite
another, however, to impute to a non-attorney specific knowledge of
one probate decision and a later, confirming appellate court
decision."
Although the court denies the parties' presumed
knowledge of the state of the law at a given time, it does contend
that for the doctrine to apply, there must either be an agreement
to adopt or an undertaking to effect a statutory adoption, neither
of which took place.
In addition, equitable adoption "merely
confers a right of inheritance," not to be construed as an actual
adoption.
__Whitchurch__, 408 A.2d at 632.
Julie A. Frame and Jennifer E. Nelson represented the plaintiff-
appellant; John R. Durrance, Jr., represented the
defendant-appellee.
An amicus curie brief in support of plaintiff
was filed by Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders (GLAD) of Boston.
K.J.R.
Mississippi Supreme Court Says Learning That Parent Is Lesbian or
Gay Is Most Hurtful Thing a Child Could Hear
Rumors of a woman's sexual orientation affected a Mississippi
court's decision concerning her divorce, custody of her children,
and division of the marital estate.
__Bowen v. Bowen__, 1997 WL
80925 (Feb. 27).
Linda and David Bowen filed cross complaints for divorce on grounds
of cruel and inhuman treatment.
The parties had two boys who were
11 and 15 at the time of the trial.
Suffusing the proceeding were
rumors of Linda's sexual orientation, some of which David spread.
Linda neither acknowledged that the rumors were true, nor denied
them.
Both Linda and David presented evidence that the other had
engaged in physical abuse, abused alcohol, and threatened suicide.
Linda appealed the trial court's decision denying both parties'
complaints for divorce, awarding custody of one child to each
parent and dividing the parties' property.
The Mississippi Supreme Court let the trial court decision stand,
finding no grounds to grant a divorce for cruel and inhuman
treatment to either party.
The court rejected Linda's argument
that David's spreading of the rumor that she was a lesbian
constituted "conduct so unnatural and infamous as to make the
marriage revolting" to Linda, reasoning that the spreading of a
rumor that was never proven true or false did not rise to the level
of maliciousness required for a divorce on the basis of cruel and
inhuman treatment.
The court also rejected Linda's challenge of the trial court's
custody decision.
David testified that the 11-year-old had heard
a rumor that his mother was a lesbian on the school bus and that he
was upset by the rumor.
The trial court could not "imagine
anything that would hurt a boy more [than] for another child to
tell him something like that [his mother's lesbianism] unless he
was to tell him that his father was a homosexual."
With little
legal discussion, the court found that there was no error for the
trial court to award custody of the child to his father, based on
the father's own testimony of one comment made by another child.
The court also upheld the award to David of the use and possession
of the parties' home, finding that this did not serve to punish
Linda, but rather to provide for the welfare of the parties'
youngest child.
As a final matter, the court rejected Linda's
arguments concerning the inequity of the judge's division of
property.
D.W.
N.C. Supreme Court Excludes Evidence of Victim's Reputation for
Homosexuality; Upholds Life Penalty for Murder
The North Carolina Supreme Court affirmed a life sentence for Brian
Elgin Laws, convicted by a jury of the first-degree murder of Earl
Handsome.
__State v. Laws__, 1997 WL 96640 (March 7).
Handsome's
body was found by a neighbor, bearing multiple stab wounds.
Handsome's car was missing; police tracked down the defendant
through the missing car, and he confessed to the murder.
At trial,
the defendant contended that he was repulsing a sexual attack from
the victim when he stabbed and bludgeoned him to death, and offered
expert testimony that he could have been suffering from a "rage
reaction" to the victim's sexual advances, causing him to lose
control of his actions.
Appealing his sentence, the defendant complained of the trial
court's refusal to let the jury hear testimony about the reputation
of the victim as being a homosexual.
The defendant had offered the
testimony of a private investigator who, although he had not formed
his own opinion as to the victim's sexual orientation, was prepared
to testify that "several of the victim's acquaintances assumed he
was a homosexual because `he was not seen with very many females'
and `he always seemed to be with males.'"
Upholding the trial
court's exclusion of this testimony, Justice Lake wrote for the
court: "[It] is clear that the evidence offered by the defendant
showing that the victim had a reputation for being a homosexual is
not a pertinent character trait with the meaning of [the Rule
governing reputation evidence].
A victim's homosexuality has no
more tendency to prove that he would be likely to sexually assault
a male than would a victim's heterosexuality show that he would be
likely to assault a female.
Because an individual's sexual
orientation bears no relationship to the likelihood that one would
threaten a sexual assault, it therefore can bear no relationship to
defendant's claim that he killed in self-defense in response to a
threatened sexual assault."
The court also rejected a variety of other alleged errors urged by
the defendant on appeal, and noted, contrary to the defendant's
arguments, that the jury could have concluded based on the forensic
evidence that the victim was killed while trying to escape from the
defendant rather than that the defendant killed the victim while
trying to rebuff his aggressive sexual advances.
A.S.L.
Missouri Appeals Court Reverses Custody Grant to Transsexual
Father; Remands for Reconsideration of Visitation Order
The Missouri Court of Appeals, Eastern District, reversed an award
of joint custody to J.L.S. and D.K.S. (now known as S.D.S.), and
remanded for reconsideration of the trial court's order that the
transsexual father be allowed to exercise visitation rights one
year after issuance of the order.
__J.L.S. v. D.K.S.,n/k/a
S.D.S.__, 1997 WL 104514 (March 11).
Mother and Father married in 1983, and had two sons, the oldest of
whom was eight at the time of trial and the youngest of whom was
five.
Father ultimately determined that he was transsexual, and
obtained treatment and sex-reassignment surgery after moving out of
the family home.
(Prior to marrying, Father had told Mother that
he occasionally engaged in cross-dressing, but had assured her that
his problems with this were "resolved."
However, father struggled
with the urge to cross-dress throughout his marriage.)
The parties
had separated at Father's request on August 1, 1992, while he began
the trial process of living as a women prior to surgery.
The sons
were not told that this was the reason for the separation.
They
executed a separation agreement drafted by Father, which gave
Mother sole, permanent care and custody of the children, and in
which Father promised not to attempt visitation during his year of
living as a woman.
Mother filed for divorce in Maryland, where
they lived, and filed a copy of the separation agreement with her
divorce papers.
Father opposed the divorce, stating his wish to
continue living married to Mother and having his sons refer to him
as "Aunt Sharon."
Mother and sons moved to Missouri before the
case was concluded, and the action was dismissed.
Father has had
no face-to-face contact with the sons since their move to Missouri.
Mother filed for divorce in Missouri several months later, alleging
that Father's lifestyle choices now made it impossible for the
family to live together, and that it would be "extremely harmful"
for the children to be placed in temporary custody or visitation
with Father.
Father denied the harmfulness allegations, and the
statements in the divorce petition concerning his "choice" of a
particular "lifestyle."
The trial court appointed an expert to
examine the children and the Father.
Experts for both parties and
the court's expert testified at trial.
All of the experts agreed
that immediate face-to-face contact between the boys and Father
would be detrimental, since Father had undergone sex-reassignment
surgery and was now a woman and the boys had not been prepared to
deal with this.
The trial court found that the father's expert, who testified that
contact with the father would not be harmful to the boys after a
suitable period of counseling, was the most credible, and awarded
joint legal custody, the boys to live with Mother, and liberal
visitation rights for father, after a period of one year, during
which the court recommended that appropriate counseling be provided
to prepare the sons to deal with their Father in her new status.
(This was an extraordinarily enlightened decision, by contrast to
most judicial rulings on parental claims by transsexual litigants,
and the judge suffered for it, being defeated for re-election
largely due to press coverage of this case.)
Writing for the Court of Appeals, Judge Simon found implicit in the
trial judge's decision a finding that "immediate contact between
the children and father would impair the boys' emotional
development."
The twelve-month period for counseling specified in
the trial court's order had expired, but there was no indication
that the required counseling had taken place while the appeal was
pending, and at oral argument Mother's attorney represented that
the boys had still been told nothing about their Father's new
status.
"Clearly," wrote Simon, in the best interest of the
children, a reevaluation of all parties must occur before the boys
are exposed to a situation that father's experts deemed as harmful
to them if they have not been correctly prepared."
Simon characterized this as a "unique situation," and described the
need for new evaluations before face-to-face contact as
"imperative."
"Thus, on remand the trial court should determine
the mental and emotional status of the parents and children to
determine what is in the best interest of the children.
Based upon
those findings the trial court should decide what remedial
measures, if any, should be taken to insure the best interest of
the children are served while working toward their reunification
with father.
Likewise, the trial court should structure a
visitation schedule appropriate to the children's best interest."
Responding to further argument from the Mother criticizing the
trial court's order on counseling as too vague, Simon wrote that
"the court should require evidence of successful counseling before
implementing reunification. . .
If the trial court finds, after
the hearing, that the children are not emotionally and mentally
suited for physical contact with their father, then the trial court
should not order visitation until such time as the parties
demonstrate it is in the children's best interest to do so."
Turning to the joint custody award, the court agreed with Mother
that the trial court erred in awarding joint legal custody.
Missouri precedents provide that "joint legal custody is only
appropriate where the parents show the willingness and ability to
share the rights and responsibilities of raising their children,"
and the statutory preference for joint custody "is not that of a
forced joint custody in order to induce the parents to find common
ground."
Here, the court found that the parents did not share a
"commonality of beliefs" about how the children should be raised
sufficient to support such a custody award, noting that the parents
had not functioned together as a parental unit for several years
and that Mother and children lived in Missouri and Father lived
elsewhere.
Father had cross-appealed part of the trial court's order, which
restrict Father from cohabiting with other transsexuals or sleeping
with another female person while exercising temporary custody
during visitation with the children.
Here, Father ran into the
well-established practice of Missouri courts of restricting the
living arrangements of gay parents exercising custody, and the
court found "substantial evidence" to support the trial court's
conclusion that such restrictions were necessary to protect the
children's "moral development."
In a separate opinion concurring in part and dissenting in part,
Judge Karohl strongly disagreed with the court's decision to remand
for a new visitation decree based on new evaluations of the parties
and the children.
Karohl observed that the trial judge was no
longer on the bench, so the case would have to go to a new judge
who did not have intimate familiarity with the parties and the
situation, thus inevitably producing extended delay in the
reunification of Father with the children.
Karohl criticized the
court's conclusion that the trial court had implicitly found that
face-to-face reunification would be harmful to the children without
extensive counseling preparation, and urged that reunification be
allowed to proceed without further delay.
However, Karohl agreed
that a joint legal custody arrangement was not suitable for these
parties, in light of their differences.
Karohl found that the
father's cross-appeal was flawed by failure to provide any case
support for the legal points he was urging, in violation of the
court's rules; in any event, Karohl found the restrictions imposed
on the Father's living arrangements during visitation periods to be
consistent with Missouri precedents.
Although it is tempting to see the court of appeals' decision as a
defeat for transsexual parents, actually the decision goes much
further in acknowledging the parental interests of transsexuals
than most prior cases.
The reversal of the joint custody award
seems reasonable in light of Missouri doctrine governing joint
custody and the undisputed evidence that there were significant
differences between the parents; significantly, the father was not
requesting sole custody.
While the court's remand order can be
faulted on many grounds, it does not express overt hostility to the
parental rights of the transsexual Father, as decisions by many
other courts have done, and does not preclude reunification of the
Father with the sons, as many courts in other jurisdictions would
have done.
In many contested cases of this type, the court's
decision is to terminate the transsexual parent's parental rights
and bar any contact with the children, so in that light, the court
of appeals' decision can be viewed as progress on these issues,
especially in light of the well-established reputation of Missouri
courts as hostile to non-conforming parental sexuality.
A.S.L.
N.J. Appellate Division Upholds Restrictions On Adult Video Stores
The New Jersey Appellate Division upheld the constitutionality of
a state law criminalizing the operation of adult video stores that
offer "booths, screens or other devices which facilitate sexual
activity by patrons."
__Chez Sez VIII, Inc. v. Poritz__, 688 A.2d
119 (N.J.App., Feb. 7).
The stated rationale for the law was to
prevent the spread of sexually-transmitted diseases, but the remedy
is rather draconian: in addition to misdemeanor penalties, an owner
convicted of violating the statute could be required to forfeit the
store to the state.
The Superior Court in Mercer County had granted a preliminary
injunction against enforcement on constitutional grounds, but the
Appellate Division reversed, contending that the lower court had
misread the statute to ban all facilities in which sex videos were
exhibited.
Rather, said Judge Petrella for the court, the law only
bans the operation of enclosed viewing areas where sex might take
place, finding that the law was a content-neutral regulation of
conduct rather than a violation of free speech rights.
A.S.L.
Alabama Federal District Court Rejects Same-Sex Harassment Claim
In a brief discussion reflecting none of the concern about whether
same-sex harassment claims are actionable under Title VII, U.S.
District Judge Carroll dismissed such a claim in __Sneed v.
Montgomery Housing Authority__, 1997 WL 121212 (M.D.Ala., Feb. 5)
on the ground that the plaintiff had failed to prove harassment.
Beverly Sneed, who represented herself pro se, alleged that after
her supervisor, Carol Brown, and another employee had a discussion
of lesbianism and lesbian activities, Brown put her arm around
Sneed's shoulder and around her waist and ran her hand through her
hair.
Sneed claimed that when she brought this to management's
attention, Brown was questioned and denied engaging in the
activity; Brown's supervisor told her that such conduct would be
unacceptable and should be avoided.
Brown categorically denied
having engaged in such activity at the non-jury trial held on
Sneed's claims (which also included retaliation and sex
discrimination).
The court ruled against Sneed on credibility
grounds.
It is interesting that the opinion contains virtually no
discussion of whether same-sex harassment is actionable, but merely
provides as if it is and disposes of the claim on the merits.
A.S.L.
Illinois Federal District Court Sets Trial on Same-Sex Harassment
Claim
Denying a defense motion for summary judgment, U.S. District Judge
Conlon set a trial date for a claim of same-sex hostile environment
harassment brought by Nick Peric against the University of Illinois
and his supervisor, Richard Meyer.
__Peric v. Board of Trustees__,
1997 WL 112819 (N.D.Ill., March 10) (not officially published).
Peric, a computer supervisor at the University, claimed that Meyer,
the Assistant V.P. of Computer and Network Operations, began to
make sexual overtures toward him after Peric was promoted to a
manager position.
Peric alleges a series of incidents culminating
in unwanted genital groping following questioning about his views
toward homosexuality, gays in the military, and anal sex.
The University's attempt to get the claim dismissed on the ground
that Title VII does not cover same sex harassment was rejected in
a previous decision, reported at 1996 WL 515175.
In this opinion,
Judge Conlon denied the University's motion for summary judgment on
the Title VII claim, finding that although the individual incidents
described by Peric might not suffice for a finding of hostile
environment, the sequence of events Peric alleged, if proved at
trial, could cumulatively prove a hostile environment claim.
However, Conlon granted summary judgment to the extent Peric also
alleged a quid pro quo discrimination claim, finding that Peric
failed to allege that Meyer's harassment affected a "tangible
aspect of his employment."
Ruling on another count of the complaint, Conlon found that Peric's
tort claims of emotional distress and battery were preempted by his
civil rights claim.
The court also granted summary judgment on an
Americans With Disabilities Act claim, finding that some back pain
Peric experienced was not severe enough to meet the definition of
a disability under the Act.
A.S.L.
Texas Supreme Court Explains Decision Against Log Cabin Republicans
In __Republican Party of Texas v. Dietz__, 1997 WL 82740 (Feb 28),
the Texas Supreme Court issued its opinion explaining why it had
reversed a trial court decision granting an injunction directing
the Republican Party of Texas to grant booth space and program
advertising space to the Log Cabin Republicans of Texas and the
Texas Log Cabin Republicans, Inc. (Log Cabin), an organization of
lesbian and gay Republicans, at the 1996 state party convention.
A per curiam opinion was issued on June 19, 1996, reversing the
trial court decision, but the state supreme court reserved
jurisdiction to issue a full opinion at a later time.
In April of 1996, Log Cabin reserved and paid for space at the
state convention, which would begin on June 20.
The state party
accepted and cashed the Log Cabin check.
On May 15, Log Cabin
submitted an advertisement for inclusion in the convention program,
which described the group's position advocating equal rights for
gay and lesbian individuals.
On May 21, the state party executive
director sent a letter to Log Cabin rejecting the ad, and returning
the check submitted with it.
The letter also stated that the group
would be refused booth space at the convention, and refunded the
money previously accepted for the booth.
On May 30, Log Cabin filed suit in Travis County District Court
seeking injunctive relief barring the state party from refusing
them booth space or program space, and alleging that the state
party had unconstitutionally infringed on Log Cabin's "rights to
free speech, equal rights and due course of law under the Texas
Constitution."
Log Cabin also sought specific performance of its
contract with the state party for booth and advertising space.
The trial court granted a temporary injunction on June 14, barring
the state party from excluding Log Cabin from the convention.
The
state party filed a "motion for leave to file a petition for writ
of the district court's temporary injunction order" on June 17.
Log Cabin requested a response on the next day, and a hearing was
held on June 19.
At the conclusion of this hearing, an emergency
stay was granted to the state party.
The Texas Supreme Court analyzed the issues in terms of whether a
writ of mandamus would appropriately issue in favor of the State
Republican Party, stating that this relief would be appropriate
only to correct a clear abuse of discretion or violation of a duty
imposed by law, and only if there is no other remedy available at
law.
The court ruled that mandamus would be available to the state
party, because the trial court exceeded its jurisdiction by issuing
the temporary injunction.
The court ruled that the injunction sought by Log Cabin would be
available only if the denial of booth and advertising space by the
state party did constituted "state action."
The state Supreme
Court ruled that it did not in this context, even though actions by
a political party might constitute "state action" in other
contexts, such as determinations for eligibility to vote in
primaries.
The bill of rights found in the state constitution
offered protection only against state action.
Though the state
parties were "state actors" for the purpose of determining
eligibility to vote in primaries, they were not "state actors" for
the purpose of conducting their internal affairs, which would
include holding conventions or making determinations as to their
platform.
The stated purpose of Log Cabin's actions at the
convention was to work towards changing the state party's platform
on gay and lesbian issues.
However, the court ruled, a party's
platform is not part of the electoral process.
A political party
is not required to state a platform, nor are its candidates
required to abide by any such platform stated.
Thus, this denial
of participation does not constitute state action.
The court chose
not to consider whether the fact that the convention was being held
in a private facility which took on many of the attributes of a
public facility (cf. the "shopping center cases") might have some
impact on the decision, because neither side briefed or argued the
issue.
The Texas Supreme Court also rejected Log Cabin's contract claims,
because the contract stated that the Party reserved the right to
restrict exhibits which become "objectionable" because of undue
noise, material, content, or for any other reason.
Equivalent
arguments applied to the advertising space.
The court stated that
the trial court granted Log Cabin more relief than Log Cabin was
entitled to, even in terms of its contract claims.
Finally, the Texas Supreme Court rejected Log Cabin's claim that
mandamus was not an appropriate remedy for the state party because
the tight time frames involved precluded appeal by normal means,
while the initial determination affected the statewide convention
and was thus of statewide importance (even though, a few pages
before, the court appeared to state that such conventions were of
no real importance. . .).
Moreover, the Supreme Court ruled that
the trial court decision infringed on the state party's first
amendment rights.
The supreme court then dismissed the state
Republican Party's petition for mandamus as moot.
In his concurring opinion, Justice Spector agreed with the court
majority, but only on the grounds of mootness.
Justice Spector
disagreed with the majority's rationale in finding a requirement
for state action under the state constitution, reading the same
provisions of the state constitution as enhancing other sections of
the state constitution.
Justice Spector then argued that the
majority's reliance on numerous federal cases disregarded the
differences in language between the state and federal
constitutions. The justice also disagreed as to the applicability
of the shopping center cases because the convention was held in San
Antonio's Alamodome, a public facility.
Spector also rejected the
majority's finding that the party was not a state actor in this
context, because the majority opinion articulated no standard to
determine where the threshold for state action lies.
Justice
Spector concluded that, based on the limited record of the hearing
on a temporary injunction, the trial court observed that a
"symbiotic relationship" existed between the state and a major
political party, and that Log Cabin could probably prevail on the
merits on its constitutional claims. On the same record, the state
supreme court reached a contrary conclusion.
Given the importance
placed on political speech in our system, particularly in the
context of a political convention, Justice Spector refused to join
in an opinion which would shut off such debate. S.K.
Tennessee Criminal Appeals Court Denies Post-Conviction Relief to
Murderer of Gay Man
Robert Lloyd Wiggins, found guilty of second degree murder in the
brutal stabbing death of Bill White, a gay man, was denied post-
conviction relief in __Wiggins v. State__, 1997 WL 124253
(Tenn.Crim.App., March 20).
Wiggins was one of a group of three
young men (ages ranging from 17 to 22) present in the home of White
(then age 36) on the evening of September 6, 1990, when White was
murdered.
The co-defendants all presented different stories of
what happened, a common element being that White, who had a
reputation of sexual interest in male youths, made a sexual advance
at one of the youths, who reacted by stabbing him to death.
Then
all of the youths joined in stealing some of White's property and
removing his body to a nearby creek.
In a criminal prosecution
that generated a prior appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeals
concerning, inter alia, whether proof of White's reputation could
be admitted (a question answered in the affirmative by the court),
Wiggins was ultimately sentenced to an effective term of 20 years.
In this opinion by Judge Welles, the court denied Wiggins' pro se
petition for post-conviction relief.
One of the grounds Wiggins
advanced was ineffective assistance of counsel, based on his
lawyer's decision to use a "rage killing" theory to try to mitigate
the severity of the crime.
Wiggins contended that there was no
evidence to support such a theory, and that his lawyer instead
should have argued his total innocence.
After reviewing the evidence, Judge Welles stated for the court:
"We believe the record contains ample proof concerning the victim's
reputation [as a homosexual who was fond of young men], and there
is some evidence, albeit contradictory, of a homosexual advance
during the evening.
Accordingly, we conclude that there was
evidence to support trial counsel's advancement of that theory at
trial to refute proof that the killing of the victim was a planned
endeavor."
The court characterized as "even more important" that
trial counsel used this theory as part of a three-fold strategy
that involved attempting to separate Wiggins from the other co-
defendants, to excuse the conduct Wiggins had admitted in helping
the others to remove and hide the body, and to avoid a first degree
murder charge "by showing the homicide to have been a rage killing
provoked by a homosexual advance."
It is interesting that the appeals court believes that, at least
under Tennessee law, a "homosexual panic" defense remains a viable
way to avoid liability for intentional murder.
A.S.L.
New Hampshire Federal Jury Awards $150,000 in Same-Sex Harassment
Case
An openly male gay employee who was allegedly subjected to a
"pattern and practice of sexual harassment" by a female supervisor
and other management employees won a jury trial under Title VII of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964 on Feb. 28.
__Provencher v. CVS
Pharmacy Corp.__ (D.N.H.).
According to a news report in the
__Washington Blade__ (March 21) quoting Boston's __Bay Windows__,
Provencher claimed that "his female supervisor repeatedly called
him "faggot" and "queer" and that she exposed her breasts to him in
an effort to make him a "real man."
Provencher claimed that upper
management brushed off his complaints and fired him in retaliation
for filing a discrimination claim with the New Hampshire Human
Rights Commission.
According to the news report, District Judge
Joseph Di Clerico ordered CBS to pay Provencher approximately
$150,000 in back and front pay.
A.S.L.
Gay Officer Sues New York City Police Department For Constructive
Discharge; City Argues Gays Lack Constitutional Rights
A former police officer who alleges that he was constructively
discharged by the New York City Police Department because he is gay
beat back an attempt by the city to get his case dismissed, in
__Tester v. City of New York__, 1997 WL 81662 (U.S.Dist.Ct.,
S.D.N.Y., Feb. 25).
Incredibly, the city argued that his equal
protection claim should be dismissed because gays are not entitled
to protection under the Equal Protection Clause.
After graduating from the New York City Police Academy in the top
ten percent of his class, Plaintiff Michael Tester began working as
a police officer at the 6th Precinct in Greenwich Village.
He
experienced harassment that was initially minor (for example, his
locker was vandalized with smiley faces), but that became severe
following an incident involving a street peddler who bit an
officer.
Although several officers were present at the scene,
Tester was singled out for failing to assist; Tester argued that he
was doing his job properly and that he was singled out because he
is gay.
Following this incident, Tester was given negative
evaluations and disciplinary hearings, and was transferred twice.
Feeling that his discrimination complaints were being ignored and
that the harassment would continue, Tester resigned and sued the
City of New York, the NYPD, former Police Commissioner Bratton, and
Captain Kennedy of the 6th Precinct, alleging violations of 42
U.S.C. section 1983, the First, Fourth, and Fourteenth Amendments
to the U.S. Constitution, and the Human Rights Laws of the State
and City of New York.
District Judge McKenna dismissed the First Amendment claim, ruling
that, although Tester was "openly gay," he did not assert any
specific statement on which to base a First Amendment claim.
(Undermining his complaint, Tester argued in opposition to the
motion to dismiss that his failure to act during the biting
incident was a protest against the conduct of his fellow officers,
but failed to state "any particular actions taken by the officers
to which he objected.")
McKenna also dismissed Tester's Fourth
Amendment claim, because there was "no allegation that the unknown
persons who allegedly vandalized Tester's locker [and removed its
contents] were acting on behalf of the government."
Bizarrely, the defendants moved to dismiss the Fourteenth Amendment
claim on the basis that "in the absence of a fundamental right or
suspect classification, homosexuals are not entitled to equal
protection."
McKenna rejected this argument, writing that rational
basis review would still apply, and allowed the claim to proceed.
McKenna also dismissed the New York State Human Rights Law claim,
because that law does not prohibit sexual orientation
discrimination, but allowed the claim under the New York City law,
which does.
McKenna dismissed all claims against Bratton, because
there was no allegation that Bratton personally played any role in
the conditions leading to Tester's leaving the Force, but allowed
the claims against the remaining defendants to proceed.
O.R.D.
Marriage & Domestic Partnership Notes
Same-sex marriage proponents in Hawaii breathed a sigh of relief
when the state's Supreme Court ruled on March 24 in __Hawaii State
AFL-CIO v. Yoshina__, 1997 WL 129427, that a ballot question
concerning a potential state constitutional convention during the
last general election did not pass.
Although more voters cast
"yes" ballots than "no" ballots, a large number of voters did not
indicate their preference on this question.
The court held that in
order for the ballot question to pass, a majority of votes cast
must be in favor, and blank ballots counted as "no" votes.
As a
clear majority of Hawaii voters have opposed same-sex marriage in
public opinion polls, there was concern that a constitutional
convention would overrule the state Supreme Court's decision in
__Baehr v. Lewin__.
The Nebraska Attorney General's explanation if why the state needs
to pass a law against recognition of same-sex marriage in order to
avoid having to honor same-sex marriages performed in other states
has been published as an official Opinion of the Attorney General,
No. 98090 (Dec. 30, 1996).
See 23 Fam. L. Rep. (BNA) 1208 (March
4, 1997).
Colorado legislators struggled through March with the problem of
agreeing on an anti-gay marriage bill that Governor Roy Romer would
sign.
Last year, Romer vetoed a bill banning same-sex marriage,
stating that he would not agree to such a measure if it did not
establish a state body to study and recommend policies for
accommodating the needs of same-sex couples.
This year, reacting
to the more immediate "threat" posed by the recent trial court
ruling on the same-sex marriage case in Hawaii, Romer indicated
willingness to sign an anti-gay marriage bill, provided it did not
engage in gay-bashing or equate "gay and lesbian relationships with
bigamy and incest, or [include] any equally divisive language."
Romer's comments appeared to have little effect in the state House,
but the Senate passed a carefully-worded bill tracking the
governor's recommendation as to what he could sign.
However, the
House voted on March 21 to reject the Senate version of the bill,
necessitating a conference committee effort.
Opponents of the
legislation were hopeful that a deadlock would ensue, or that the
resulting compromise bill would be vetoed by Romer.
__Rocky
Mountain News__, March 22.
On March 13, Romer stated that he would
establish his own commission to study the needs of same-sex couples
in long-term relationships and make recommendations for state
policy.
__Rocky Mountain News__, March 14.
The Maine legislature passed an anti-same-sex marriage bill at the
end of March.
A spokesperson for Governor Angus King indicated he
would not veto it, but had not decided whether to sign it or allow
it to become law without his signature.
King was not a proponent
of the legislation.
However, due to a successful petition drive by
Concerned Maine Families, an anti-gay organization, failure by the
legislature to pass the measure would have meant a ballot question
at the next general election.
The Maryland House Judiciary Committee rejected a variety of bills
dealing with gay rights and same-sex marriages.
One bill would
have banned anti-gay discrimination in employment, housing and
public accommodations; although the Committee voted 11-10 in favor
of the bill, it fell short of the 12 votes needed for passage.
Rejection was the fate suffered by a bill that would authorize
same-sex marriages in Maryland; equally rejected was a bill that
would ban the recognition of same-sex marriages performed out-of-
state.
__Washington Post__, March 20 and 22.
To the surprise of nobody, Gordon Hinckley, president of the Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (the Mormons), announced March
19 that the church would do everything it could to stop the
recognition of same-sex marriage in the U.S.
"We believe that
marriage of a man and a woman is ordained by God for the
procreation of children," Hinckley told the __San Francisco
Chronicle__ (March 20) after addressing a meeting of the World
forum of Silicon Valley in Santa Clara, California.
Hinckley said
that there were "gays in the church" who were "good people," but
that the Mormon faith required gays and lesbians to be celibate.
The Chicago City Council voted 32-18 in favor of a domestic
partnership benefits ordinance for city employees that was proposed
by Mayor Richard Daley.
The new ordinance, Section 2-152-072 of
the Chicago Municipal Code, provides that a "qualified domestic
partner" (which is limited to same-sex partners) "shall be eligible
for the same benefits, including but not limited to health
coverage, as are available to the spouse of an individual employed
by the city of Chicago."
Domestic partners, who must be at least
18 years old, must satisfy at least two of the following four
conditions to qualify: (1) residing together for at least 12 months
before filing their DP certificate with the city clerk; (2) having
common or joint ownership of a residence; (3) having at least two
of the following arrangements: joint ownership of a motor vehicle,
a joint credit account, a joint checking account, or a lease
identifying both domestic partners as tenants; (4) the city
employee declares that his/her partner a primary beneficiary in the
employee's will.
There is a 12-month waiting period between
successive domestic partnerships.
The Long Beach, California, city council voted 6-3 on March 18 to
establish a domestic partnership program for city residents.
The
program will allow registration of couples with the city clerk, and
recognition of the relationship for purposes of visitation in city
jails or hospitals, but will not provide financial benefits for
city employees.
Several more votes will be required for final
enactment of an ordinance implementing the policies approved on
March 18.
__Long Beach Press Telegram__, March 19.
St. Louis Mayor Freeman Bosley, Jr., issued an executive order on
March 1 establishing a domestic partnership registry for unmarried
couples.
Signing the order at the city's lesbian and gay community
center, Bosley stated that "the next step is health-care benefits"
for domestic partners, which he said "will be on the front burner"
at the next negotiation of the city health plan.
The executive
order authorizes visitation rights for domestic partners at city
health care facilities and penal institutions, and became effective
March 10. __St. Louis Post Dispatch__, March 2.
Bosley
subsequently lost the Democratic primary election for renomination.
Jay Dearing, the Republican candidate, announced he would rescind
the order if elected.
__St. Louis Post Dispatch__, March 8.
Bank of America announced to its employees on March 1 that
beginning Jan. 1, 1998, "active U.S. salaried employees can enroll
one of the following qualified adult members of their household [in
the company's medical, dental and vision coverage plans]: spouse,
opposite or same-sex domestic partner, parent, grandparent, sister,
brother or adult child.
Domestic partners must be in a committed
relationship that has existed for at least six months and must be
responsible for each other's welfare on a continuing basis.
All
other qualified adults, except spouses, must be under age 65, must
be the employee's dependent as defined by the IRS, and could have
their eligibility affected by the availability of other health
coverage. . ."
We suspect that this plan may be vulnerable to
challenge under the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act
due to the age 65 cap on enrollees, but otherwise it appears about
the broadest domestic partnership eligibility plan we've seen.
Bank of America's adoption of this plan is a major breakthrough for
domestic partnership in an industry that has not previously gotten
on this bandwagon.
__San Francisco Chronicle__, March 11.
The U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari in __Baker v. General
Motors__, 86 F.3d 811 (8th Cir. 1996), No. 96-653 (cert. granted,
March 24, 1997), a case raising issues about the interpretation of
the Constitution's Full Faith and Credit Clause, a provision at the
heart of the national debate over same-sex marriages in light of
the possibility that such marriages will become possible in Hawaii
soon.
__Baker__ raises the question whether a trial court violated
the Full Faith and Credit Clause when it ordered an expert witness
to testify against General Motors in a products liability case,
even though a settlement order in another case against General
Motors in a neighboring state included an agreement, enforced by an
injunction, that the expert in question not testify against General
Motors in any further proceeding.
The 8th Circuit had reversed a
jury verdict on the ground that allowing the expert to testify
violated the Clause, which requires judges in one state to give
full faith and credit to the judicial actions of another state's
courts.
Part of the question before the Court may be whether there
is a public policy exception to the dictates of the Clause.
This
could be a significant issue when same-sex marital couples from
Hawaii seek to assert their marital status in other states.
See
__Interstate Recognition of Court Decisions to be Weighed__, __N.Y.
Times__, March 25. A.S.L.
Ohio Appeals Court Applies Domestic Violence Statute to Same-Sex
Couples
Following the lead of two prior Ohio court decision, the Court of
Appeals for the First District ruled March 5 in __State v. Yaden__,
1997 WL 106343, that domestic violence within a cohabiting same-sex
couple would be covered by the state's criminal statute on domestic
violence.
The case arose from an incident in late April, 1996,
when Ronnie Yaden allegedly threw a telephone at his ex-lover, Joe
Fields, and punched Fields in the stomach.
Although the men, who
had cohabited until recently, were no longer lovers, Yaden
continued to stay in Fields' apartment from time to time.
The
trial court found Yaden guilty of violating the domestic violence
statute, sentencing him to 180 days in jail.
On appeal, Yaden argued that the statute was intended only to apply
to couples who were married or could be married, relying on the
definition of "family or household member" in the statute: "[a]
spouse, a person living as a spouse, or a former spouse of the
offender."
The statute also defines "living as a spouse" to mean
"a person who is living or has lived with the offender in a common
law marital relationship, who otherwise is cohabiting with the
offender, or who otherwise has cohabited with the offender within
one year prior to the date of the alleged commission of the act in
question."
The statute does not define "cohabitation"
Yaden
contended that the legal concept of "cohabitation" applies only to
opposite-sex couples.
The court, in an opinion by Judge Painter, reviewed the definition
of cohabitation in other states' statutes and reviewed court
decisions from many jurisdictions dealing with this concept,
concluding that definitions tended to vary based on the context.
Two prior Ohio cases have dealt with charges of domestic violence
in same-sex relationships.
In __State v. Hadinger__, 573 N.E.2d
1191 (1991), the 10th District Court of Appeal said that the common
thread of statutory and judicial decisions dealing with
cohabitation was "living together in an intimate relationship," and
applied the statute in that case.
A recent municipal court case
from Hamilton County had taken essentially the same view.
The court found these decision persuasive, commenting: "In short,
definitions of `cohabitation' have two fact-specific prongs:
financial support and consortium.
Factors that establish financial
support include shelter, food, clothing, utilities, and perhaps
co-mingled assets. Factors that establish consortium include mutual
respect, fidelity, emotional support, affection, society,
cooperation, solace, comfort, aid of each other, friendship,
conjugal relations and companionship. The facts that rise to the
level of `cohabitation' are unique to each case, and can only be
sifted on a case-by-case basis by triers of fact."
The court also
noted that the legislature had amended the domestic violence
statute several times since the __Hadinger__ decision, without
expressly overruling, and thus could be understood to have
"implicitly endorsed" the application of the statute to same-sex
cohabitants.
The court concluded that the statute did apply, and that the trial
court's decision was supported by the weight of the evidence.
A.S.L.
New York Judge Approves Cross-Adoption of Children by Lesbian
Couple
In what may be the first case of its kind in the U.S., a Suffolk
County, New York, Family Court Judge, William Kent, approved a
petition by a lesbian couple for each of them to adopt the daughter
of their other, both daughters having been conceived by alternative
insemination from the same sperm donor (thus making the daughters
genetic half-sisters).
Dee Hoole and Robin Shlakman, both 33, have
lived together for the past six years.
Their sperm donor, who
agreed not to assert paternal rights, gave consent to both
adoptions, and called the mothers to congratulate them on moving
one step forward to being recognized as a legal family unit.
After
returning home from the court proceeding on March 7, Shlakman
immediately called her employer to put her newly adopted daughter
on her health insurance plan, the first tangible benefit of the
adoption.
__Newsweek__, March 8. A.S.L.
Federal Guidelines on Sexual Harassment in Schools Include Same-Sex
Harassment
On March 13, the U.S. Department of Education Office of Civil
Rights (OCR) issued guidelines interpreting Title IX's ban on sex
discrimination in schools receiving federal financial assistance
with particular reference to claims of sexual harassment.
62 Fed.
Reg. 12034, 1997 WL 108921.
Most of the media attention to this
issue was directed to a handful of well-publicized cases in which
very young male elementary school students were disciplined for
kissing their female schoolmates.
What went unremarked by the
general media was the Education Department's discussion of same-sex
harassment of students, in which OCR asserted that Title IX's
prohibition of sexual harassment applies regardless of the sex of
the harassed student or of the sex of the alleged harasser.
In explaining this principle, OCR commented: "The Guidance has been
clarified to indicate that if harassment is based on conduct of a
sexual nature, it may be sexual harassment prohibited by Title IX
even if the harasser and the harassed are the same sex or the
victim of harassment is gay or lesbian.
If, for example, harassing
conduct of a sexual nature is directed at gay or lesbian students,
it may create a sexually hostile environment and may constitute a
violation of Title IX in the same way that it may for heterosexual
students.
The Guidance provides examples to illustrate the
difference between this type of conduct, which may be prohibited by
Title IX, and conduct constituting discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation, which is not prohibited by Title IX. The
Guidance also indicates that some State or local laws or other
Federal authority may prohibit discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation."
The examples included targeting a lesbian
student for physical sexual advances, and also noted that "under
certain circumstances, courts may permit redress for harassment on
the basis of sexual orientation under other Federal legal
authority."
David Buckel of Lambda Legal Defense and Craig Bowman, executive
director of D.C.'s Sexual Minority Youth Assistance League, hailed
the new guidelines as a major breakthrough for lesbian and gay
youth in statements published in the __Washington Blade__, March
21.
A.S.L.
Prison Official Qualifiedly Immune From Same-Sex Harassment Charge
by Inmate
In __Blueford v. Prunty__, 1997 WL 94024 (Mar. 6), the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the 9th Circuit upheld the district court's summary
judgment, finding that a prison official has a qualified immunity
defense against a same-gender sexual harassment suit by an inmate.
Bishop Moses supervised Herman Blueford, an inmate worker in the
laundry at Calipatria State Prison.
Blueford alleged that Moses
would make sexual suggestions accompanied by actions including:
grabbing and pulling inmates' hands toward Moses' genitals,
grabbing his genitals while referring to oral sex, pulling his
pants up tightly and demanding anal sex, and feigning martial arts
blows toward the groin and other areas of inmates' bodies.
While
Blueford was subject to Moses' feigned martial arts strikes and was
uncomfortable with Moses' physical conduct, Moses never touched
Blueford in a sexually offensive way.
Judge Lay characterized
Moses' intent as "playful," noting that "even Blueford" referred to
the grabbing incidents as "play."
Blueford asserts the belief that
some of Moses' statements were literal requests for oral sex.
A February 1994 dispute between the two, apparently unrelated to
sexual harassment, resulted in a disciplinary hearing in which
Blueford was found to have committed a rules violation.
Part of
the penalty imposed was Blueford's discharge from the laundry job.
Blueford brought the present action against various prison
employees under 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983, charging sexual harassment,
deprivation of due process, and other claims.
The court affirmed the dismissal on summary judgment of Blueford's
other claims, and affirmed the finding that Moses is qualifiedly
immune from liability.
Judge Lay reasoned that because Moses
didn't touch Blueford and Blueford can't stand in the shoes of
inmates who were assaulted by Moses,
Blueford "claims a right
under federal law to be free of puerile and vulgar same-sex trash
talk."
The first part of the test of a qualified immunity defense
is "whether the right at issue is clearly established."
Judge Lay
discussed the division, in dicta, amongst federal courts as to
whether any employee could sustain a claim of same-gender sexual
harassment under federal law, and affirmed the district court's
conclusion: that the holding in __Garcia v. Elf Atochem__, 28 F.3d
446 (5th Cir. 1994), that a male could not bring a harassment claim
against his male supervisor under Title VII, was the only federal
appellate decision on point at that time.
Therefore, while "the
pendulum seems recently to have swung in favor of permitting" such
claims, "government officials are `not charged with predicting the
future course of constitutional law'" and Blueford's right to be
free of Moses' conduct was not "clearly established" at the
pertinent time.
M.M.
Florida Panel Rejects Bias Charge Against Judge
The Florida Judicial Qualifications Commission has rejected a
complaint filed by retired attorney Allan Terl against Circuit
Judge Joseph Q. Tarbuck of Pensacola.
Tarbuck was charged with
anti-gay bias in violation of the Code of Judicial Conduct, based
on comments he made during a custody proceeding between John and
Mary Ward.
Tarbuck granted custody to John Ward, who had
previously served eight years in prison for the murder of a prior
wife, opining that the child in question "should be given the
opportunity and the option to live in a nonlesbian world."
Mary
Ward, with whom the child had lived from birth until age 11, had
begun to live with another woman before John Ward demanded the
change in custody, apparently in retaliation to Mary's attempts to
get a higher child support award.
Mary died suddenly of a heart
attack while an appeal was pending, rendering the case moot.
Terl revealed the Commission's decision by making public a letter
he wrote to Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice Gerald Kogan, in
which he suggested that the Commission was not competent to handle
discrimination charges due to lack of training.
Terl noted that
the canon against discrimination was adopted only 18 months prior
to these charges being filed, and no specific training had taken
place to assist the Commission in evaluating such charges.
__Orlando Sentinel__, March 21.
A.S.L.
Military Notes
The __San Jose Mercury News__ (Feb. 28) reported that although
several San Francisco Bay area colleges and universities have caved
in and allowed ROTC and/or military recruiters back on campus as a
result of the latest Solomon Amendment, which prohibits federal
financial assistance to schools where the military is unwelcome on
campus, at least two schools, San Jose State University and the
City College of San Francisco, were holding firm against letting
the military on campus in light of current military discrimination
against open lesbians and gay men.
When a military member leaves the service within five years of
graduation from a government military academy, the government
routinely attempts to collect reimbursement from the individual for
the free college education he or she received.
But the Army has
reportedly backed down from an attempt to collect $76,000 in
tuition from Clayce Rodamer, a West Point graduate who resigned
rather than being discharged after he revealed he was gay while
stationed at Ft. Bliss, Texas, in 1988.
(Actually, the amount in
question is nearly $175,000, including interest and penalties
accrued from the time the Army asserted its claim against Rodamer
two years after his resignation.)
"I never broke a contract with
the military," said Rodamer. "They broke it with me."
Rodamer had
been about to appear on ABC's "Nightline" to discuss the unfairness
of the Army's action when Army officials called the show to
announce they were dropping their claim.
__Chicago Tribune__,
March 26.
At the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), the
administration announced that the school will guarantee financial
aid packages to students in ROTC who lose their military
scholarships when they come out of the closet.
"There are two
principles at MIT that we hold dear," said a spokesperson for
University President Charles Vest. "One is our long-standing and
deep commitment to national service. . .
an equally important
principle for us is to promote an environment of
nondiscrimination."
__Los Angeles Times__, March 22.
The __New York Times__ (March 26) reported that U.S. District Judge
Joseph L. McGlynn, Jr. (E.D.Pa.) ruled March 25 against John
Hoffman in his suit to retain his job as a civilian aircraft
mechanic at the Air Reserve Station in Willow Grove, PA.
Hoffman,
married and the father of eight children, had been a weekend member
of the Air Force Reserve, which was a prerequisite to holding the
civilian job at the base.
After he told his supervisor that he is
gay, he was threatened with dismissal from the Reserve unless he
resigned.
After he resigned from the Reserve, he was terminated
from his civilian post.
Hoffman was not challenging the military's
exclusion of openly gay members in this lawsuit, merely arguing
that the rationale for the military policy did not apply to the
civilian post.
But Judge McGlynn ruled, in an opinion not
published as we went to press, that because military policy
required the occupant of the mechanic's position on the post to be
a Reserve member, Hoffman was no longer qualified for the position.
Stefan Presser, an ACLU of Pennsylvania attorney representing
Hoffman, said the decision will be appealed. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
The Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) will amend its Book of Order, the
church's constitution, to require chastity of all single ministers,
thus effectively excluding non-celibate lesbians and gay men from
being ordained as ministers of the church.
This action will codify
a policy reaffirmed by the denomination's General Assembly in 1993,
according to an Associated Press story published in newspapers on
March 19.
The annual protest by lesbian and gay Irish-Americans over their
exclusion from the New York City St. Patrick's Day Parade resulted
in the arrest of about three dozen demonstrators in front of the
New York Public Library on March 17.
The demonstrators were
arrested for refusing police orders to disperse because no permit
had been issued for the demonstration.
The Police Department has
consistently refused to grant the permit application, taking the
position that allowing a demonstration on Fifth Avenue in addition
to the already scheduled parade would be unduly disruptive. __N.Y.
Times__, March 18.
Colorado for Family Values (CFV), the organization behind Amendment
2, violated Colorado election laws when it engaged in fundraising
for an "Amendment 2 Legal Defense Fund" in anticipation of an
attempt to repeal Amendment 2 by voter initiative, but neglected to
file disclosure reports as required by the state law.
The Colorado
Court of Appeals ruled March 20 in __Colorado for Family Values v.
Meyer__, 1997 WL 129096, that even though proponents of the repeal
initiative suspended their efforts in light of the quick success of
__Evans v. Romer__, the lawsuit challenging Amendment 2, in
securing interim injunctive relief against Amendment 2 going into
effect, nonetheless CFV's fundraising did concern an "issue" within
the meaning of the state law, thus triggering the disclosure and
reporting requirements.
A bill to ban anti-gay discrimination in California schools
sponsored by openly lesbian Assemblywoman Sheila Kuehl won approval
in the California Assembly's Higher Education Committee by an 8-6
vote on March 18.
The bill next goes to the Education Committee.
__Los Angeles Times__, March 19.
Massachusetts passed similar
legislation a few years ago, but other states have been slow to
follow.
The New Hampshire House of Representatives and the New York State
Assembly have passed bills to ban discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation in housing, employment and public
accommodations.
In both cases, the houses in question had passed
similar bills before, but they died in the respective State
Senates.
There is more hope in both states now.
In New Hampshire,
the previous bill died because of stated objections from the
governor.
The current governor has not taken a position against
the bill, and the Catholic Diocese of Manchester, an opponent last
time around, has endorsed the current bill.
In New York, Governor
George Pataki (R.) has indicated he would sign the bill (which has
passed the Assembly for five consecutive years), but the main
roadblock is Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno (R.), an avowed
opponent of gay rights.
(Bruno refused to join with the Assembly
leadership in extending domestic partnership benefits shortly after
he was elected majority leader, even though the Pataki
Administration decided to go along with the domestic partnership
plans negotiated with labor organizations by the Cuomo
Administration.)
The lead sponsors in the House of Representatives for this year's
version of the federal Employment Non-Discrimination bill will be
Barney Frank (D.-Mass.) and Christopher Shays (R.-Conn.).
Both men
represent districts in states that have banned sexual orientation
discrimination.
The lead Senate sponsors this year are James
Jeffords (R.-Vt.) and Edward Kennedy (D.-Mass.).
A new sponsor
this year is Alphonse D'Amato (R.-N.Y.), who is running for re-
election next year and has been taking progressively more pro-gay
positions over the last several years.
According to Human Rights
Campaign, 47 members of the current Senate have committed to
supporting the bill so far this session.
The San Francisco Human Rights Commission admonished a gay bar in
the Castro District, The Cafe, for forbidding kissing between
heterosexuals on the premises.
The city's human rights ordinance
forbids sexual orientation discrimination in places of public
accommodation.
Responding to the Commission, the bar now forbids
all kissing on the premises. __Newsday__, March 10. A.S.L.
European Law Developments
__European Court of Human Rights Rules on Sado-Masochism__: The
unanimous (9-0) decision of the Strasbourg-based European Court of
Human Rights in __Laskey, Jaggard & Brown v. U.K.__ (Feb. 19) (see
1997 L.G.L.N. 28) was a disappointment, if not a surprise, after
the 11-7 decision of the European Commission of Human Rights in its
Report of 26 Oct. 1995 (Applications Nos. 21627/93, 21826/93,
21974/93).
The seven dissenting members of the Commission would have found a
violation of the right to respect for private life in Article 8 of
the European Convention on Human Rights.
They stressed that there
was no evidence of serious injury, or of a real risk of serious
injury, and that "[t]he risk of activities getting out of hand
could be met effectively by the existing provisions of the criminal
law because in such a situation either there will be no consent or
serious harm will be caused."
As for the risk of HIV transmission,
it "arises in lawful adult heterosexual and homosexual acts and
cannot by itself be used as a ground for prohibiting private sexual
activities."
They also cited the legality of boxing, cosmetic
surgery and tattooing, and said that "it is not enough for the acts
to shock, disturb or offend."
The Court preferred the reasoning of the majority of the
Commission.
While affirming that "there can be no doubt that
sexual orientation and activity concern an intimate aspect of
private life," the Court observed that "not every sexual activity
carried out behind closed doors necessarily falls within the scope
of Article 8," and doubted whether, in view of the number of
persons involved, the applicants' activities "fell entirely within
the notion of `private life.'"
Accepting the U.K. government's
concession that there had been an interference with the applicants'
Article 8(1) right to respect for their private life, the Court
then considered whether the interference could be justified under
Article 8(2) as "necessary in a democratic society" for the
"protection of health."
The Court held that "the State is ...
entitled ... to regulate ... activities which involve the
infliction of physical harm ... whether ... in the course of sexual
conduct or otherwise," and that "[t]he determination of the level
of harm that should
be tolerated ... where the victim consents is in the first instance
a matter for the State concerned."
Because __Laskey__ involved injury that was not "trifling or
transient," it could be distinguished from __Dudgeon v. U.K.__
(1981), Eur. Ct. H.R. Ser. A, No. 45 (striking down laws
prohibiting all sexual activity between consenting adult men).
It
did not matter that the injuries were not severe and required no
medical treatment, because "the State authorities were entitled to
have regard ... to the potential for harm inherent in the acts."
And the facts of __Laskey__ were not "comparable in seriousness" to
those of __R. v. Wilson__ [1996], 3 W.L.R. 125 (C.A.) (consent is
a defense where husband branded his initials on his wife's buttocks
with a hot knife).
It would seem that the Court decided to defer
to national authorities on the complex issue of when a person may
consent to physical harm, and found insufficient evidence of
discriminatory prosecution of gay men.
European Court of Justice to Hear Military Ban and Same-Sex Couple
Cases: On March 13, in __R. v. Secretary of State for Defence, ex
parte Perkins__, No. CO 279-96 (High Court, Queen's Bench
Division), Judge Lightman referred a challenge to the U.K. armed
forces' ban on gay, lesbian and bisexual employees to the European
Court of Justice (ECJ) in Luxembourg.
The ECJ will be asked to
decide whether the ban constitutes sex discrimination in employment
contrary to the European Community's Equal Treatment Directive (9
Feb. 1976, 76/207/EEC), whether Article 224 of the EC Treaty
exempts the armed forces, and whether the discrimination can be
justified under Article 2(2) of the Directive ("occupational
activities ... for which ...the sex of the worker constitutes a
determining factor").
The case could be heard in the fall of 1997 at the same time as
__Grant v. South-West Trains Ltd.__, Case C-249/96, which was
referred to the ECJ by a Southampton, England industrial tribunal
on 19 July 1996 (No. 1784/96).
In __Grant__, a lesbian employee is
arguing that her employer's failure to extend to her unmarried
female partner the free rail travel benefits that unmarried female
partners of male employees receive is sex discrimination with
regard to "pay," contrary to Article 119 of the EC Treaty and the
Equal Pay Directive (10 Feb. 1975, 75/117/EEC).
Both cases have been referred to the ECJ because of the ECJ's
decision in __P. v. S. & Cornwall County Council__, Case C-13/94,
[1996] E.C.R. I-2143 (see 1996 L.G.L.N. 82), holding that the
dismissal of a transsexual employee "for a reason related to a
gender reassignment" violated the Equal Treatment Directive.
R.W.
The Polish Parliament has approved a new constitution to be
submitted to the president and then a public vote on May 25.
The
document is heavily influenced by the demands of the Roman Catholic
Church, including a ban on same-sex marriages.
__Associated
Press__, March 24.
A.S.L.
Perhaps acknowledging likely defeat on appeal, the Dutch Railways
(NR) system announced on Feb. 13 that it would extend foreign
travel benefits to domestic partners (and partners' children) of
their employees on the same basis that such benefits are given to
spouses.
NR had previously announced that it would appeal a ruling
by the European court at Utrecht which had ordered it to extend
such benefits in December 1996 in time for the Christmas travel
season.
(From a Press Release posted to the Internet's Queerlaw
Listserve on March 6.) A.S.L.
Professional Notes
The GAYLAW Education Fund, the not-for-profit educational
foundation of Washington's lesbian and gay bar association, will
award a $2500 grant to a law student working in a non-profit
organization dealing with lesbian and gay rights or the rights of
persons living with HIV/AIDS this summer.
The deadline for
applications is April 15; applications can be obtained from Paul
Wolfson at 202-667-6161.
The National Employment Law Project is accepting applications for
a staff attorney position in their New York office.
This is a
public interest law firm representing low wage workers, the poor,
the unemployment and other groups that face significant obstacles
to employment and government systems of support.
The position
involves litigation, writing publications, worker training, police
work, and resource development.
3-5 years of legal experience
required, at least 3 years membership in a state bar (preferably
N.Y.).
Salary range starts at $32,000 and up depending on
experience, with a benefits package.
Send a resume (with
references) and a legal writing sample by April 18 to: Staff
Attorney Search, National Employment Law Project, Inc., 55 John
St., 7th Floor, New York NY 10038.
The HIV & AIDS Legal Services Alliance (HALSA) in Los Angeles
County is seeking a full-time Director who will oversee the
operation of a collaborative, coordinated system for delivery of
legal services to all the diverse communities affected by HIV/AIDS
in Los Angeles County, California.
The Director supervises a staff
of 6 attorneys, support staff and volunteers.
Applicants should be
admitted to practice (and, if not admitted in California, willing
to take the California bar), have at least six years experience in
legal services (with at least two years of management experience),
and experience working with people with HIV/AIDS, people of color,
and people of limited means is preferred.
Compensation range
begins at $55,000 and up depending on qualifications, and the job
carries a full benefit package.
Cover letters and resumes should
be sent to: Human Resources, APLA, 1313 N. Vine St., LA, CA 90028.
The North Carolina Gay and Lesbian Attorneys (NC GALA) will hold
their third annual continuing legal education program on Saturday,
April 19, 1997, in Greensboro.
For information, call John Boddie
at 910-379-0079.
President Clinton has appointed openly-gay attorney Richard
Socarides to the position of White House Special Assistant to the
President and senior advisor for public liaison.
Socarides is the
first openly-gay person to be appointed a Special Assistant to the
President in the White House, and will have responsibilities for
liaison with the gay community.
A Feb. 24 press release stated
that he would "serve the gay and lesbian communities as well as
additional constituencies."
__Washington Blade__, Feb. 28.
Lesbian activist attorney Roberta Achtenberg, former San Francisco
city supervisor and Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Dept. of
Housing and Urban Development, has accepted a position as senior
vice president for public policy at the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce.
Achtenberg, who unsuccessfully contended against Willie
Brown and several other candidates in a primary campaign for the
mayoralty of San Francisco a few years ago, will work on welfare
reform and job-creation programs for the Chamber, an association of
about 1900 mostly small business enterprises.
__San Francisco
Chronicle__, March 17. A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
California Appeals Court: Employer Has Affirmative Duty to
Accommodate PWA
In an important ruling of first impression, the California Court of
Appeal, 2nd District, held on March 25 that an employer subject to
the state's Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) has an
affirmative duty to find a reasonable accommodation for an employee
with AIDS who is no longer able to perform his normal job function.
The court also found that the employee was not estopped from
bringing his disability discrimination claim, even though he had
received disability benefits.
Reversing a grant of summary
judgment in __Prilliman v. United Air Lines, Inc.__, 1997 WL
133250, the court remanded for trial a claim by United Pilot Ronald
C. Prilliman that United violated his state statutory rights by
putting him on permanent disability leave after he lost his FAA
medical certification.
The court's opinion, by Judge Lillie, actually dealt with appeals
by two United pilots who had been involuntarily placed on permanent
disability leave after the airline learned that they had AIDS.
Both Prilliman and Rafalowski started as flight officers with
United in June 1985.
Rafalowski tested HIV+ that same year;
Prilliman tested HIV+ in 1990.
Neither man informed United of
their HIV-status; in both cases, United first learned of their
medical conditions when both men were suffering from full-blown
AIDS around 1984.
Federal Aviation Administration regulations
prohibit persons with full-blown AIDS from piloting a commercial
aircraft.
When their AIDS status was revealed and both lost their FAA medical
certification, United put both pilots on disability status (at
approximately half pay) and made no attempt to find other work for
them.
Both pilots eventually filed various claims for disability
benefits, entailing statements that they were disabled from
working.
At the time he was placed on disability status,
Rafalowski's doctor had stated that he was no longer able to work
a normal shift due to the effects of full-blown AIDS.
However, it
appeared that Prilliman continued in relatively good health for a
substantial period of time after United grounded him for loss of
his FAA certification.
Both pilots sued under the FEHA, also asserting a claim that United
was negligent in not training its personnel how to comply with its
responsibilities under disability discrimination law.
The Superior
Court granted summary judgment to United on all claims, finding
that neither pilot had specifically requested an accommodation at
the time he was placed on disability status, and thus that United
could not be faulted for failing to consider alternative jobs for
them.
The Court of Appeal disagreed with this analysis.
After reviewing
federal and state law precedents on the duty of reasonable
accommodation, Judge Lillie concluded "that an employer who knows
of the disability of an employee has an affirmative duty to make
known to the employee other suitable job opportunities with the
employer and to determine whether the employee is interested in,
and qualified for, those positions, if the employer can do so
without undue hardship or if the employer offers similar assistance
or benefit to other disabled or nondisabled employees or has a
policy of offering such assistance or benefit to any other
employees."
Because Rafalowski's doctor had indicated that at the relevant time
he was actually "incapable of performing any alternative job
position," wrote Lillie, it was appropriate to grant summary
judgment against his claim, since no reasonable accommodation other
than placing him on disability status was possible, leaving no
triable issues of fact in his case.
(Rafalowski died in 1996 and
the claim is now being pressed by his estate.)
As to Prilliman, however, there was testimony in the pretrial
record that he continued to function "well within normal limits as
to intellectual ability and motor skills" for more than a year
after he was grounded by United.
Consequently, summary judgment
was inappropriate as to his claim, because there is a triable issue
of fact as to whether United could have reasonably accommodated him
in a position that did not require FAA medical certification.
Similarly, the court found that there was a triable issue as to
Prilliman's negligence claim.
United had raised another defense.
In filing for benefits when he
was placed on disability leave, Prilliman had asserted his
eligibility for disability benefits based on a statement that he
was disabled, and United contended that this would estop him from
asserting a claim that he was capable of working.
Federal courts
are split over whether such estoppel should be used in cases under
the Rehabilitation Act and the ADA.
The court of appeals held that
this is an issue of state law under the FEHA, and thus the court
was not bound by any of the federal rulings.
After reviewing California precedents, the court concluded that no
estoppel theory applied in this case.
"Respondents rely upon the
facts that Prilliman was receiving a disability benefit from United
and government social security benefits, facts which he admitted in
his deposition; however, these facts alone do not establish any
defense, and in particular a defense based on the inability of
Prilliman to perform an alternative job position with United."
The
court found that Prilliman had not made "any representations
inconsistent with his present claims under the FEHA. . .
Moreover,
inasmuch as the concept of judicial estoppel is an equitable
doctrine, it must also be considered in this case that it was a
United benefits coordinator who advised Prilliman to apply for such
government disability benefits.
This factor, and its impact on the
applicability of the judicial estoppel doctrine, appears to be one
which is not addressed in any cases cited by respondents."
Prilliman and Rafalowski were represented by David Anthony Neal and
Beth A. Fox of Neal & Fox.
A.S.L.
Indiana Appeals Court Affirms Conviction of HIV+ Prostitute for
"Battery by Body Waste" Against Police Officer
In __Newman v. State__, 1997 WL 104563 (Mar. 11), the Indiana Court
of Appeals affirmed the conviction of an HIV+ woman for battery by
body waste and resisting law enforcement.
On Sept. 25, 1995, an Indianapolis Police Department undercover
vice officer was informed that Constance Newman, known to be a
prostitute and HIV+, was observed first standing on a street corner
and then getting into a vehicle.
After a chase, the police pulled
the vehicle over and informed Newman that she was under arrest for
prostitution.
A struggle ensued after Newman protested her arrest.
The arresting police officers testified that Newman, her face
covered with saliva and tears, ignored their warning to avert her
face and flailed it in their direction. She was charged with
battery by body waste, a class C felony, and resisting law
enforcement, a Class A misdemeanor.
Additionally, she was charged
with prostitution, a Class D felony due to two prior convictions of
prostitution.
After a bench trial, the court sentenced Newman to
three years for the battery by body waste, one year for resisting
law enforcement and three years for prostitution.
She was ordered
to serve the prostitution sentence consecutively with the battery
with body waste charge and concurrently with the resisting law
enforcement sentence.
On appeal, Newman argued that her convictions on the battery by
body waste and resisting law enforcement charges subjected her to
double jeopardy since both crimes arose from the same set of
operative facts.
Newman also challenged the sufficiency of the
evidence leading to her conviction on the battery by body waste
charge.
Rejecting Newman's double jeopardy claim, Judge Patricia Riley
applied a two-part test.
She first determined that each charge
required proof of an added fact.
Second, she established that each
offense is based on different factual allegations.
The court
explained that battery by body waste involves placing blood or
other bodily fluids on an officer in the course of an arrest.
Resisting law enforcement charges arises when a person "resists,
obstructs, or interferes" with an officer who is carrying out his
duties.
The court found that Newman both attempted to "spray" the
arresting officers with her bodily fluids and stated that she was
not going to jail while physically resisting the police.
The court
concluded that Newman's convictions based on these actions did not
constitute double jeopardy.
Additionally the appellate court denied Newman's claim that the
evidence was insufficient to support her conviction of the Class D
felony, battery by body waste.
In dicta, the court indicated that
it disagreed with the lower court's decision to reduce the offense
from a Class C felony, rejecting the trial court's statutory
interpretation based on its conclusion that "it's medically
impossible to transfer HIV and AIDS by spitting." C.W.
Washington Appeals Court Upholds Dismissal of Tort Claims by
Corrections Officer Bitten by HIV+ Inmate
The Court of Appeals of Washington has affirmed a decision by the
Superior Court of Snohomish County, which dismissed on summary
judgment various tort claims against the State Department of
Corrections asserted by Michael and Cheryle Caspary.
__Caspary v.
State__, 1997 WL 103688 (March 10) (not officially published).
Caspary, a corrections officer at the Washington State Reformatory,
was bitten by J.M., an inmate, who later proved to be HIV+.
News
of J.M.'s HIV-status spread throughout the institution and the
community, resulting in ostracization of Caspary and severely
affecting his marriage.
Caspary sued the State on several claims:
outrage (focusing on the way in which corrections officials handled
the information about J.M.'s HIV-status and communicated it to
Caspary and his wife), invasion of privacy/false light, violation
of physician-patient privilege, and breach of a duty to discover
and warn of the inmate's HIV-status.
In an opinion for the court, Judge Kennedy explained that most of
Caspary's claims were preempted by the Workers Compensation law,
which provides no-fault compensation for various work-related
injuries.
Analyzing the various claims asserted by Caspary,
Kennedy found that they related to injuries that naturally arose
from his work environment.
However, some of the claims were held
not to be barred by the compensation statute.
As to those, Kennedy
found that Caspary's allegations were deficient to make out a prima
facie case.
Indeed, from the description of what happened, it
appears that corrections officials behaved about as one might
expect in light of all the circumstances, and that most of the
injury suffered by Caspary (who has tested HIV-negative ever since
the biting incident ten years ago) was due to rumor in the
community and lack of sufficient education about HIV transmission
among prison staff.
The heart of the opinion is a discussion of
Caspary's privacy claims, as to which the court concludes that
Caspary's assertions are contradictory: on the one hand, he wants
the state to test inmates believed to be at risk for HIV-infection
and communicate their status to corrections officers, but on the
other hand he wants the state to be liable because corrections
officers learned of J.M.'s HIV-status and, knowing about the biting
incident (which occurred in the presence of several other
corrections officers), came to believe that Caspary might be HIV+.
Conceding that Caspary and his wife suffered emotional hardship as
a result of the incidents related in the case, and court noted that
for some injuries there is just no legal remedy, and stressed that
Workers Compensation would cover the expenses Caspary incurred for
at least some of the physical and emotional injuries requiring
treatment.
A.S.L.
Large Jury Verdict May Imperil Settlement of Hemophiliac Claims
Settlement of a national class action suit involving over 6,000
hemophiliacs infected with HIV as a result of tainted blood
clotting medication has been jeopardized by a second $2 million
jury verdict for plaintiffs who opted out of the class action.
A
jury in Indianapolis awarded $2 million to John and Vicky Barnes,
surviving parents of John Barnes, Jr., who died from AIDS in 1991
after having tested HIV+ in 1985.
The award against Cutter
Laboratories, the manufacturer with the largest market share of
clotting medication, is the second large jury award on behalf of
individual plaintiffs.
A previous $2 million award was set aside
on appeal in a Florida case.
Individual suits are also pending in
Houston and Philadelphia.
Meanwhile, class action settlement negotiations in federal district
court in Chicago are stalled over an attempt by the federal
government to claim priority for reimbursement for health benefits
paid out to plaintiffs.
Under the terms of the settlement, each
plaintiff will be entitled to about $100,000.
In the wake of the
Indianapolis verdict, plaintiffs' lawyers speculated that more
members of the class might opt out and take their chances at trial.
__Associated Press__, March 22.
In these cases, plaintiffs are contending that manufacturers of
clotting medication violated a duty to the plaintiffs by continuing
to use donated plasma from intravenous drug users, prison inmates
and gay men during the period 1983-1985 without adopting federally
recommended (but not mandated) procedures to reduce the risk of HIV
transmission.
Federal officials convened a meeting of
representatives of the blood industry early in 1983 to report their
conclusion that AIDS was due to a blood-borne infection and that
the industry should take steps to cut risk by screening donors and
testing donations for hepatitis-B antibodies (which studies showed
to be present in about 80% of those diagnosed with AIDS).
The
industry balked at taking such steps, and some gay organizations
protested any measures to stigmatize gay men as unfit to be blood
donors.
At the end of March 1985 the Food and Drug Administration
licensed an HIV-antibody test for use in blood screening, and the
problem of identifying tainted blood was largely solved.
A.S.L.
New York Federal District Court Refuses to Dismiss Emotional
Distress Claim by HIV+ Plaintiff Against Former Employer
Ruling on a motion to dismiss two counts of the complaint in
__Forbes v. Merrill, Lynch, Fenner & Smith, Inc.__, 1997 WL 109435
(S.D.N.Y., March 12), Senior U.S. District Judge Constance Baker
Motley held that the plaintiff had satisfied the pleading
requirements for a claim of intentional infliction of emotional
distress supplementary to an HIV-related employment discrimination
claim.
In so holding, Judge Motley also held that the statute of
limitations governing the tort claim was tolled while the NY City
Human Rights Commission was considering the plaintiff's
discrimination claim.
Ernesto Forbes was hired as a mail clerk by Merrill Lynch in 1986,
and was subsequently promoted to processing clerk.
He claimed that
he had good evaluations and was promoted, and had a good
relationship with his supervisor until he told her in the fall of
1992 that he was HIV+.
"However, plaintiff alleges that after he
told [the supervisor] . . . that he had contracted the AIDS virus,
her attitude toward him changed dramatically.
Plaintiff claims
that from that time forward, she screamed at him repeatedly in
front of vendors and Merrill Lynch employees, sprayed Lysol in her
office and on telephones used by plaintiff, and also requested the
cleaning staff to use disinfectant when cleaning plaintiff's work
area, none of which she had done prior to learning of plaintiff's
disability.
Plaintiff also alleges that over the course of the
next several months, [she] made repeated derogatory comments about
homosexuals and people infected with the AIDS virus and that she
asked other Merrill Lynch employees whether or not plaintiff was a
homosexual."
The supervisor put the plaintiff on a 90-day
probation warning on April 20, 1993, and discharged him in
September of that year.
Forbes filed a discrimination charge with
the New York City Human Rights Commission, claiming a violation of
the ADA and the NY City Human Rights Law based on his physical
disability of HIV-infection.
The Commission concluded that he was
discharged for misbehavior rather than for discriminatory reasons,
but issued him a right to sue letter on August 7, 1996, and he
filed suit on October 1, 1996, alleging violations of the ADA and
the New York state human rights law and asserting his supplemental
torts claim.
Merrill Lynch moved to dismiss the state law claim
and the torts claim.
Judge Motley dismissed the state law claim on the ground urged by
the defendant, that collateral estoppel should be raised because
the issues that would have to be decided on the state law claim
were identical to those investigated and decided by the City Human
Rights Commission in its consideration of his city law claim.
Motley found against Forbes's allegations that the city's
investigation of his claim was so defective that he should not be
precluded from now asserting the state law claim as part of his
federal suit.
However, turning to the tort claim, Motley rejected the defendants'
arguments that the claim was barred by the statute of limitations
or that the factual allegations were insufficient to support an
intentional infliction of emotional distress claim.
Motley
recognized that the district courts in the Southern District of New
York are split over whether supplemental state law tort claims are
tolled while an administrative agency is considering a
discrimination claim, but indicated that the decisions supporting
tolling were more persuasive, since the plaintiff could not have
filed his tort suit in federal court independently of a federal
action under the ADA, and the ADA requires exhaustion of
administrative remedies before a lawsuit can be filed.
Additionally, it made little sense to require plaintiffs to file
state court actions on tort claims arising out of the same facts as
federal discrimination claims, and then to have to pursue lawsuits
about both types of claims simultaneously in two separate forums.
Turning to the merits of the claim, Motley concluded that Forbes's
factual allegations were sufficiently outrageous to withstand the
motion to dismiss.
Referring to her prior recitation of the
plaintiff's factual allegations, Motley concluded: "Such conduct,
if indeed it occurred, amply satisfies the standard of extreme and
outrageous conduct."
Thus, Forbes's claims under the ADA and his tort claim are
preserved for trial.
A.S.L.
New York Court Refuses To Dismiss Criminal Charges Against HIV+
Defendant; New Medical Treatments
Defeat "Life Sentence" Argument
Following a large accumulation of similar decision by New York
courts, Supreme Court Justice Louis J. Marrero (Kings County)
denied a motion to dismiss an indictment in the interest of justice
in __People v. A.F.__, NYLJ, 3/25/97, p.29, col.4.
The sole basis
for the motion was the defendant's HIV status.
The indictment
includes four felonies and one misdemeanor.
"The arrest involved
a high speed chase in a stolen vehicle during which defendant ran
several red lights and after abandoning the stolen van he sought to
avoid capture by jumping off a building roof at which time he was
injured."
Justice Marrero described the defendant as a "career
criminal with a record going back nearly two decades."
The
District Attorney has offered a plea bargain with a prison term of
1-1/2 to 3 years.
A.F.'s attorney argued that this was virtually
a life sentence for the defendant, who was diagnosed HIV+ in 1996.
Rejecting the defendant's argument, Marrero pointed to newly
successful AIDS treatments to counter the "life sentence"
contention: "While it is well known that in the early years of this
epidemic the life expectancy of infected individuals was very
short, that situation is now the exception; with proper medical
attention HIV+ and even AIDS patients can live productive lives ten
and even fifteen years after the first diagnosis."
Of course,
Marrero makes these assertions without any knowledge reflected in
the opinion of whether the individual defendant would have access
to this quality of treatment in prison, or whether he would prove
to be one of those whose infection is not susceptible to treatment
by the new medications, either due to intolerable side effects or
viral resistance.
Marrero concluded that none of the factors
listed in the relevant statute for dismissals in the interest of
justice were present in this case.
A.S.L.
Texas Supreme Court Holds Trial Court Properly Excluded Plaintiff's
Expert's Testimony on Blood Bank Operations
Reversing a decision of the state court of appeals, the Texas
Supreme Court ruled in __United Blood Services v. Longoria__, 938
S.W.2d 29 (Tx., Jan. 31), that the district court had not abused
its discretion in disallowing proffered expert testimony concerning
the procedures to screen blood used by defendant blood bank in
1982.
The Longorias' daughter died at age 4 as a result of HIV
infection contracted in a transfusion at birth in 1982.
The trial
court granted summary judgment against the plaintiffs, finding that
as of 1982 there was insufficient knowledge about the cause of AIDS
to impose any particular responsibility on the blood bank.
This
decision was reversed by the court of appeals, which held that the
plaintiffs had raised a fact issue about the failure to screen for
other pathogens, such as CMV, which might have prevented the
transmission that took place.
On retrial, the defendant challenged
the credentials of plaintiff's expert witness, who had no
experience in the blood banking industry and had earned his PhD in
a correspondence course from an unaccredited California college.
The trial court excluded the expert's testimony, again granted
summary judgment to the defendants, and again was reversed by the
court of appeals, which held that the expert should have been
allowed to take the stand, at which time the defendant could have
challenged his bona fides through examination.
The Supreme Court
chided the court of appeals for assuming what was properly the role
of the trial court: to exercise its discretion about the
admissibility of expert testimony.
A.S.L.
South Africa Abandons HIV-Screening of Job Applicants
The South African government decided in a cabinet meeting on March
25 to abolish immediately all screening for HIV/AIDS as a
prerequisite for government employment, including the military
service, according to a report in __The Citizen__, March 26, a
South African newspaper, that was posted to an HIV-law discussion
group on the Internet.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Backer, Larry Cata, __Constructing a "Homosexual" for
Constitutional Theory: Sodomy Narrative, Jurisprudence, and
Antipathy in United States and British Courts__, 71 Tulane L. Rev.
529 (December 1996).
Chetcuti, Joseph Carmel, __The Dismembered Body Case: Gay Panic
Defence in a Civil Law Legal System__, 6 Australasian Gay & Lesbian
L.J. 68 (1997).
Cunneen, Chris, David Fraser and Stephen Tomsen (eds.), __Faces of
Hate: Essays on the Incidence and Nature of Hate Crime in
Australia__ (Federation Press [Australia] 1997).
Duncan, Richard F., __Wigstock and the Kulturkampf: Supreme Court
Storytelling, the Culture War, and__ Romer v. Evans, 72 Notre Dame
L. Rev. 345 (1997) (__Romer__ was wrong, wrong, wrong; Scalia was
right, right, right, asserts prominent anti-gay academic).
Freedman, Eric M., __A Lot More Comes Into Focus When You Remove
the Lens Cap: Why Proliferating New Communications Technologies
Make it Particularly Urgent for the Supreme court to Abandon its
Inside-Out Approach to Freedom of Speech and Bring Obscenity,
Fighting Words, and Group Libel Within the First Amendment__, 81
Iowa L. Rev. 883 (May 1996).
Gentles, Jenny, __Sexuality In Our Society: Rape and Sexual
Intimacy__, 6 Australasian Gay & Lesbian L.J. 49 (1997).
Jowitt, Anita, __The Legal Recognition of Relationships Between
Couples of the Same Sex: A New Zealand Perspective__, 6
Australasian Gay & Lesbian L.J. 30 (1997).
Kirby, Justice Michael, __Homosexual Law Reform: The Road of
Enlightenment__, 6 Australasian Gay & Lesbian L.J. 1 (1997)
(Justice Kirby is a member of the high court of Australia).
Littleton, Christine A., __Double and Nothing: Lesbian As
Category__, 7 UCLA Women's L. J. 1 (Fall/Winter 1996).
Mason, Gail, and Stephen Tomsen (eds.), __Homophobic Violence__
(Federation Press [Australia], 1997).
Massaro, Toni M., __Gay Rights, Thick and Thin__, 49 Stanford L.
Rev. 45 (November 1996).
McNaron, T.A.H., __Poisoned Ivy: Lesbian and Gay Academics
Confronting Homophobia__ (Temple Univ. Press, 1997) (based on a
wide-ranging survey of lesbian and gay academics).
Nicholson, Justice Alastair, __The Changing Concept of Family: The
Significance of Recognition and Protection__, 6 Australasian Gay &
Lesbian L.J. 13 (1997) (Justice Nicholson is chief Justice of the
Family Court of Australia.
Of special note is the following
excerpt: "One of the most politically potent but patently false
ideas is that the recognition of lesbian and gay men's
relationships will somehow encourage those who would otherwise be
heterosexual to opt instead for a same-sex relationship.
To the
degree that sexuality is a fluid human characteristic, it strikes
me as absurd to imagine that the achievement of limited legal
protections would induce someone to reorient their sexuality.
It
seems to me that politicians take themselves far too seriously if
they really believe that any legislation they pass will have any
effect, one way or the other, upon this issue.
All that such
legislation will do, and this is reason enough for it, is to
provide that people whose sexual orientation is towards a same-sex
relationship will be treated equally with the rest of the community
so far as the law is concerned.").
__Student Notes & Comments:__
Cardiff, David, __Virtual Prostitution: New Technologies and the
World's Oldest Profession__, 18 Comm/Ent 869 (Summer 1996).
Hayes, Christopher J., __Married Filing Jointly: Federal
Recognition of Same-Sex Marriages Under the Internal Revenue
Code__, 47 Hastings L.J. 1593 (July/Aug. 1996).
Keane, William P., __Impact of the Communications Decency Act of
1996 on Federal Prosecutions of Computer Dissemination of
Obscenity, Indecency, and Child Pornography__, 18 Comm/Ent 853
(Summer 1996).
Knutson, Stephanie Hammond, __The Religious Landlord and the
Conflict Between Free Exercise Rights and Housing Discrimination
Laws -- Which Interest Prevails?__, 47 Hastings L.J. 1669
(July/Aug. 1996).
Richardson, Robert E.L., __A Police Officer's Legal, Consensual,
Off-Duty Sexual Relationship is Not Protected by the Right of
Privacy Under Either the Federal or Texas Constitutions:__ City of
Sherman v. Henry, 28 Tex. Tech. L. Rev. 187 (1997).
Stone-Harris, Regina L., __Same-Sex Harassment -- The Next Step in
the Evolution of Sexual Harassment Law Under Title VII__, 28 St.
Mary's L. J. 269 (1996).
Sunder, Madhavi, __Authorship and Autonomy as Rites of Exclusion:
The Intellectual Propertization of Free Speech in__ Hurley v.
Irish-American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston, 49
Stanford L. Rev. 143 (November 1996).
__Specially Noted:__
The Foundation Press has announced the Spring 1997 publication of
__Sexuality, Gender, and the Law__, by William N. Eskridge, Jr.,
and Nan D. Hunter.
This law school casebook is designed for use
primarily in courses and seminars on sexuality and law,
incorporating materials on sexual privacy (contraception &
abortion), theories of sexuality and sexual orientation, and
lesbian and gay legal issues.
The co-authors, both law professors,
are prominent scholars in the relevant fields covered by the book.
This is the second book by a major legal textbook publisher to
address these issues, the first being __Sexual Orientation and the
Law__ by William B. Rubenstein (West, 1997), which is itself a
second edition of __Lesbians, Gay Men, and the Law__ (The New
Press, 1993). * * * __Sexual Orientation and Human Rights:
The
United States Constitution, the European Convention, and the
Canadian Charter__, by Robert Wintemute of the School of Law,
King's College London, England (and a LeGaL member of long
standing), has now been published in paperback in the U.S. by
Oxford University Press (ISBN 0-19-826488-7, $19.95).
Call
1-800-451-7556 (9-5 EST), fax 1-919-677-1303, or write to Order
Dept., Oxford University Press, 2001 Evans Rd., Cary, NC
27513. *
* * CQ Press has announced publication of __Private Lives, Public
Conflicts: Battles Over Gay Rights in American Communities__, by
James W. Button, Barbara A. Rienzo, and Kenneth D. Wald.
The book
is intended as a text for college-level gay studies courses in the
political science area.
It is available in paperback; ISBN 1-
56802-278-6.
(CQ Press is the publishing division of Congressional
Quarterly, Inc., in Washington, D.C.; 1-800-638-1710.)
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Locke, Steven S., __The Incredible Shrinking Protected Class:
Redefining the Scope of Disability Under the Americans With
Disabilities Act__, 68 U. Colo. L. Rev. 107 (1997).
Salbu, Steve R., __AIDS and the Blood Supply: An Analysis of Law,
Regulation, and Public Policy__, 74 Wash. U. L. Q. 913 (Winter
1996).
__Book Reviews:__
Bartlett, John A., Review of __The Search for an AIDS Vaccine:
Ethical Issues in the Development and Testing of a Preventive AIDS
Vaccine__, by Christine Grady, 22 J. Health Politics, Policy & L.
261 (Feb. 1997).
__Student Notes & Comments:__
Beaumont, Anne E., __This Estoppel Has Got to Stop: Judicial
Estoppel and the Americans With Disabilities Act__, 71 NYU L. Rev.
1529 (Dec. 1996).
Luepke, Ellen L., __HIV Misdiagnosis: Negligent Infliction of
Emotional Distress and the False-Positive__, 81 Iowa L. Rev. 1229
(May 1996).
Ramos, Pilar S., __The Condom Controversy in the Public Schools:
Respecting a Minor's Right to Privacy__, 145 U. Penn. L. Rev. 149
(November 1996).
__Specially Noted:__
__Ethics and Law in the Study of AIDS__ has been published by the
Pan American Health Organization.
The 284 page book deals with the
ethical and legal considerations surrounding the epidemic,
attempting to explore these dimensions with regard to issues that
not only generate public controversy but also are decisive factors
in the design of public health policies in the Americas.
ISBN No.
92-7511530-3.
Available from PAHO's Publications Office, 202-874-
3067.
EDITOR'S NOTE
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All comments in
Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be
published subject to editing. Please address correspondence to the
Editor or send by e-mail. A.S.L.