https://www.elijaht.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
ABOUT
Awards
Case Studies
Certifications
eBooks
Leadership
Offices
Our Story
Testimonials
SOLUTIONS
Bankruptcy & Receiverships
Civil Litigation
Criminal Litigation & Police
Cybersecurity & Data Privacy
Employment
Family Law
Intellectual Property
Internal Investigations
Mergers & Acquisitions
Personal Injury
Securities & Govt Subpoenas
Safe At Home
SERVICES
Digital Forensics
Imaging & Collection
Investigations
Forensic Neutrals
Remote Services
Expert Consulting & Testimony
eCollect
Electronic Discovery
Early Case Assessment
Processing & Production
Data Hosting
Litigation Services
Expert Consulting & Testimony
Cybersecurity/IT
Incident Response
Pen Testing
M&A Due Diligence
IT Support
Expert Consulting & Testimony
RESOURCES
Blog
FAQ
News
CONTACT
LOGIN
eCollect
FTP
866.354.5240
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices of ELIJAH Ltd. (“ELIJAH,” “we,” “our” or “us”), which owns and operates various sites on the Internet, including without limitation elijaht.com, (collectively, the “ELIJAH Websites”). Your access to and use of the ELIJAH Websites and all the services provided via the ELIJAH Websites (collectively, the “ELIJAH Services”) are subject to ELIJAH’s Terms of Use and all applicable laws. This privacy policy describes how ELIJAH collects, uses, and shares information about you that it obtains in connection with providing ELIJAH Services to you. We value your comments about our privacy statement and invite you to e-mail us with inquiries, suggestions and complaints at: info@elijaht.com.
What information is collected
In order to enhance your user experience and improve the ELIJAH Services, ELIJAH collects information about you from two sources: (i) information you affirmatively give to us; and (ii) information automatically collected when you visit any of the ELIJAH Websites or use any ELIJAH Services. Third parties also may collect your information in connection with your use of ELIJAH Services.
Information you give us
When you sign up for ELIJAH Services, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself such as your name, email address, billing address, and company name or affiliation. You can view all of the information collected during the registration process by visiting the registration page. You may modify or remove any of your personal information at any time by logging into your account and accessing features that will allow you to edit your profile and account Information. After you provide such information and set up your account, we may ask you to provide additional information about yourself on an optional basis. We may ask you for certain financial information, including credit card account data or other payment method data, to process payments for some of our services. ELIJAH may collect any communication it has with you via any means, including e-mail, telephone, and letters. By choosing to provide any information to us, you are giving ELIJAH permission to use and store such information consistent with this privacy policy.
Information we collect automatically
In addition, ELIJAH may automatically collect information about your interactions with the ELIJAH Websites and ELIJAH Services. For example, ELIJAH may log information from your computer and browser, such as your IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, browser type, software and hardware attributes, pages you request, and cookie information. By using the ELIJAH Services, you are giving ELIJAH permission to use and store such information consistent with this privacy policy.
Cookies
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.Information collected by third parties
ELIJAH may use services that collect data remotely by using “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs,” or similar technologies. Such technologies can recognize certain types of information on your web browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed them and the IP address of the computer from which you viewed them. ELIJAH Services may be linked to or provided through third party websites. ELIJAH is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on such third party websites. When linking or accessing such websites, you should carefully review the privacy policy of such third party to determine how it handles information it separately collects from you.
How information is used
ELIJAH uses the information it collects from you to deliver ELIJAH Services to you and continuously enhance your user experience. Generally speaking, we use the collected information to communicate with you, fulfill your requests, customize the content, improve our products and services, protect our and your rights, and comply with laws and regulations. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information and updates regarding ELIJAH and its products and services. You may choose not to receive such information and opt-out of such future communications by clicking here and indicating your desire to optout. All such communications sent to you will also contain instructions for opting-out. The information that we collect from you may be used in aggregate form in various ways to optimize and improve ELIJAH Services. While such information may be based on information about you, it will not identify you personally. We may use such information for the following purposes: website management, administration and security, promotional activities, and research and analysis.
With whom information is shared
Public Information: ELIJAH may share as it sees fit information that you voluntarily make public, including information that you post on any blogs, message boards, chat rooms or other similar forums, whether or not such forums are owned by ELIJAH. Since such public information can be accessed by the public and used by any member of the public, such use by third parties is beyond the control of ELIJAH.
Personal Information: If we have your express consent, ELIJAH may share your personal information that it collects with business partners, and other third parties that are not affiliated with ELIJAH. Note that if you sign up for service from one of our affiliates, we may ask for your consent to share with such third party partner certain of your personal information. While ELIJAH is not responsible for the acts of such partners, we encourage all of our partners to adopt privacy policies that protect against the disclosure of personal information to third persons. ELIJAH may disclose your personal information without asking for your consent in order to protect the legal rights of ELIJAH or its affiliates, and each of their respective investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, and suppliers; to protect the safety and security of users of the ELIJAH Services or to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, please be aware that ELIJAH may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by ELIJAH or another user of the ELIJAH Services, we may provide the information that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint. For instance, if you submit a notice of copyright infringement to us, we may send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded, stored, or transmitted the material addressed by the communication. Also, in order to provide goods or services that you have requested or to complete a transaction at your request, ELIJAH may share your personal information with its third party service providers, including companies that assist with payment processing, business analytics, data processing, account management, and other services. We require these companies to agree that they will only use personal information about you that they have obtained from us to provide us with specific services that we have requested and not for any other purpose.
Non-Personal Information and Aggregate Data: ELIJAH may share with third parties your non-personal information and related aggregated data. For example, ELIJAH may share IP addresses of its users to provide anonymous aggregated data to business partners about the volume of use on the ELIJAH Services and the specific ELIJAH Services in which users are most interested. Because this form of data does not identify particular users, these third parties will not be able to contact you based solely on this data.
Change of Control: If ELIJAH sells all or part of its business, or makes a sale or transfer of assets, or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, ELIJAH may transfer your personal information and non-personal information to one or more third parties as part of such transaction.
How you can control the information we collect, use and share: You have the choice about whether to disclose your personal information or other information about yourself to ELIJAH. Regardless of your choices with respect to promotional communications and updates regarding content, ELIJAH may send you administrative messages, service announcements, terms and conditions of your account, or other similar communications, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. You can change your privacy settings at any time by emailing info@elijaht.com to request changes. You may delete your ELIJAH account, in accordance with our Terms of Use, by clicking here and indicating that you desire to delete your account. Please note that, if you cancel your account, ELIJAH may retain some information about you but will discontinue posting such information on the ELIJAH Websites.
Access
ELIJAH acknowledges the right of individuals to access their personal information. Individuals may access their data by contacting the Privacy Officer as set out below.
How information is protected: Your ELIJAH accounts may be secured by member-created passwords, in which case reasonable precautions are taken to ensure that your account information is kept private. You are responsible for keeping your passwords confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. ELIJAH uses reasonable measures to protect your information stored within our databases, and we restrict access to such information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Despite these efforts, please note that we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of your information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of your information at any time.
Users from outside the United States: ELIJAH and its ELIJAH Services are based in the U.S., and our offices are headquartered in the U.S. Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the ELIJAH Services may be processed and transferred to the U.S. and be subject to U.S. law. This information may also be processed by staff working for us or for one of our suppliers in the U.S. The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S. may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using our website, participating in any of the ELIJAH Services, or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S. ELIJAH will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely in accordance with this privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy policy
From time to time, we may make changes to this privacy policy. In order to ensure that you are familiar with our most updated policies and practices, you should check the effective date indicated above of this privacy policy each time you use the ELIJAH Services. If we make any changes, we will notify you of such changes by posting the updated privacy policy on the ELIJAH Websites. We may also send you an email alerting you of such changes. You will be bound by any such changes to the policy when you use the ELIJAH Services after those changes have been posted. If we make material revisions concern practices where we have represented that we will obtain your consent to use or disclose your personal information, we will obtain your consent before taking any action inconsistent with those representations.
Contacting ELIJAH
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the ELIJAH Website and ELIJAH Services, or your dealings with ELIJAH, please contact us at: info@elijaht.com or by mail at:
ELIJAH LTD.111 N. Wabash AveSuite 2018Chicago, IL 60602
Contact Us For A Free Consultation
NEED AN EXPERT?
ELIJAH AWARDS
SIGN UP FOR THE ELIJAH NEWSLETTER
ABOUT
SOLUTIONS
SERVICES
BLOG
EBOOKS
FAQ
NEWS
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
866.354.5240
© 2020 ELIJAH