http://www.dioceseofbrooklyn.org/privacy-policy/
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By using this site, you consent to the placement and use of these cookies. Read our Privacy Policy to learn more.
ACCEPT
Diocese of Brooklyn
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect your privacy.
This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains what information the Diocese of Brooklyn (“the Organization” “we” or “us”) collects from you when you use our website (the “Website”) or interact with our third-party partners (“Partners”). By using our Website, you agree to all the terms and conditions stated in this Policy. Please take a moment to review this information.
How We Protect Your Information
We take reasonable measures to protect your personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) to prevent against unauthorized use, access, disclosure, and destruction. Your name and email address, along with other information that can be used to identify you, constitute your Personal Information. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, security measures are not impenetrable, and we can’t guarantee against misuse.
What Information We Collect
Contact Information
If you choose to contact us through the Website, we’ll collect your contact information, such as your name and email address, in order for us to communicate with you. If you write a message, we will store the message so we can reference it to tailor our responses to you.
Website Visitor Data
Directly or through the use of third-party data analytics services (including Google Analytics), we collect visitor information, including your IP address and server log data (the address of the web page you visited before using the Website, your browser type and settings, the date and time of your use of the Website, language preferences). We may gather your information about the device you are using to access our Website, including what type of device it is, what operating system you are using, device settings, application IDs, location, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Other data is collected, including data generated by your use of the Website and links you interact with. Further information on how Google uses data collected by Google Analytics can be found at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en. Information about how to opt out of Google Analytics can be found at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Account and Other Data
We may occasionally collect additional Personal Information that you voluntarily submit to us through the Website for other purposes, including information needed to open an account if you choose to do so. This information may include 1) user name and password; (2) name, email address, telephone number, home address, business address; (3) credit card and other payment information (4) personal interests or concerns; (4) registration information pertaining to an educational program or event; or (5) answers to an online form or survey.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, manage, and improve our Website, and for marketing and administrative purposes.
If you communicate with us, we may send you newsletters and marketing information, until you decide to opt out. We may also send you notifications, updates, and changes about our Website, and contact you to provide customer service and support.
We may use your Personal Information, including any information you share with us, to improve our programs and services.
We may use your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, to respond to lawful requests, court orders and legal process, to enforce our rights, to prevent fraud, and to protect the security of the Website and for safety.
We may use your IP address and location data to analyze usage, administer our Website, and gather demographic information for aggregate use.
With your consent, we may use your Personal Information in other ways.
How We Share Your Information
We do not knowingly sell, trade or otherwise share your Personal Information with any third parties without your consent except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, as required by law, and when we reasonably believe it is necessary to prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or to protect the safety of any person.
We may share Personal Information in collaboration with our Partners, including companies that assist with business analytics, data processing, customer and user management, and other services. We instruct these parties to use your Personal Information only to the extent necessary to provide the services we have requested. Although we take reasonable steps to ensure that Partners receiving your information are bound by privacy restrictions as restrictive as those set forth in this Privacy Policy, we are not responsible for any issues that may arise regarding the privacy policies or practices of any of Partners. By using the Website, you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any claims and/or damages that may arise from the actions of any of our Partners.
Social Media
If you click on our social media links (such as Twitter, YouTube, and LinkedIn), you will be directed to a third-party platform, and any information you share on those websites will be covered by their privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy.
Cookies and Other Technologies
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your computer’s hard disk or on a website server. Cookies do not retrieve information stored on your hard drive and do not corrupt or damage your computer or computer files. For those using our Website, we may link cookie information to your email address so as to maintain and recall your preferences within the Website.
Why we use cookies
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to improve or administer the Website, analyze trends, track users’ movements around the Website, support security features on the Website, and to gather demographic information about our user base.
How to manage cookie preferences
Depending on their purpose, some cookies will only operate for the length of a single browsing session, while others have a longer life span to ensure that they fulfill their longer-term purposes. Your web browser can be set to allow you to control whether you will accept cookies or reject cookies, to notify you each time a cookie is sent to your browser, or to delete cookies that have already been set. If your browser is set to reject cookies, certain aspects of the Website that are cookie-enabled will not recognize you when you return to the Website, and some Website functionality may be lost. The “Help” section of your browser may tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies. To find out more about cookies you may visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Opt-in /Opt-out of Communications
By using our Website, you expressly allow us to contact you and use your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of receiving marketing emails anytime by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in the email that contains the marketing communication.
Links
This Website may contain links to other third-party websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third-parties and their other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on this Website. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our Website or otherwise visit.
Your Choice to Access, Edit, or Delete Information.
We strive to provide you with as many choices and as much control as possible regarding your Personal Information. You have the right to access and change your Personal Information. Please contact us as noted at the bottom of this Privacy Policy to find out how. We will, upon receiving your request, make reasonable efforts to correct, delete, and/or block your Personal Information from further use to the extent it remains in our possession, except to the extent not permitted by law.
Minors
Our Website is not directed at nor intended for use by individuals under 18. If you learn that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information without consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with his or her Personal Information, we will promptly delete such data.
Business Transitions
In the event we go through a business transition, including without limitation any merger, acquisition, partnership, business reorganization, debt finance, or sale of association assets, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership (together a “Business Transition”), we may use information collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to its restrictions, as part of any such Business Transition. In such instances, your information can be part of the assets transferred.
Do-Not-Track
You may have implemented a “do-not-track” signal through your browser. As there currently is no fixed standard for do-not-track signals, we currently do not respond to do-not-track signals from your web browser.
Data Retention and Destruction
We will retain Personal Information for as long as necessary to accomplish our purposes for such data as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You can request that your information be deleted by contacting us at the address provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. At the time your information is deleted, we will destroy your Personal Information using reasonable data destruction practices. We may, however, retain certain information to comply with legal or contract obligations or to facilitate law enforcement requests.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information that we share with our Partners and/or third parties for marketing purposes and to refrain from sharing your Personal Information with certain of these entities for their marketing purposes. Please tell us your preference by contacting us at the address provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. In your request, please specify that you want the Organization’s “California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response.
Changes
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. If changes are significant and materially affect your rights under this Privacy Policy, we may provide a more prominent notice on the Website. In certain cases, we may also provide email notification of the revised Privacy Policy and either seek your consent or give you the right to opt out from our use of your Personal Information in accordance with the revised Privacy Policy. However, as we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use any information collected will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@desalesmedia.org and/or (718) 965-7300, or at the mailing address below:
Diocese of Brooklyn
310 Prospect Park West
Brooklyn, NY 11215
Policy last updated: May 15, 2020.
×
Join our email alert list to stay up-to-date on important news & events in our Diocese
Email
Zip Code
I'm aware that my information is being collected for marketing purposes. More info
Keep Me Informed
No Thanks
Join our email alert list to stay up-to-date important news & events in our Diocese
I'm aware that my information is being collected for marketing purposes. More info
Keep Me Informed
No Thanks