http://www.arentfox.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Posternak Blankstein & Lund LLP is now Arent Fox. Read the press release
Main navigation
Attorneys
Services
Industries
Agricultural Technology
Automotive
Cannabis
Construction
Consumer Products
Fashion & Retail Law
FinTech
Health Care
Hospitality
Insurance & Reinsurance
Life Sciences
Logistics & Transportation
Long Term Care & Senior Living
Media & Entertainment
National Security
Nonprofits & Associations
Real Estate
Sports
Venture Capital & Emerging Businesses
Practices
Business
Litigation & Dispute Resolution
Intellectual Property
Regulatory & Government Compliance
International
Perspectives
Alerts
The Fine Print
Fashion Counsel
Managing Automotive Blog
Managing OSHA Blog
News
Events
Press Releases
CFS Counsel
Health Care Counsel Blog
International Arbitration & Dispute Resolution Blog
Investigations Blog
Footer
About
Leadership
History
Alumni
Pro Bono
The Center for Racial Equality
Careers
Attorney Opportunities
Professional Opportunities
Diversity
Summer Program
Locations
Washington, DC
Boston
Los Angeles
New York
San Francisco
Contact
Subscribe
Search
Search by Keyword
Privacy Policy
Arent Fox Privacy Policy
Last
Updated: March 12, 2020
This
Privacy Policy describes the way that Arent Fox LLP (“Arent Fox,” “we,” “us” or
“our”) collects and uses the personally and non-personally identifiable
information that it collects on the website located at www.arentfox.com and any other websites,
mobiles apps, or online and offline services that Arent Fox owns and controls
(the “Sites”). This Privacy Policy does not describe Arent Fox’s use of information when a client relationship is in place because, as a law firm,
client information is used in accordance with strict attorney ethical rules.
Thus, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information that is exchanged as part of an attorney-client relationship. For more information about attorney-client
relationships and the use of our Sites, click here.
Please note the arbitration provision set forth below, which may require you to arbitrate any claims you may have against us on an individual basis.
ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS MEANS THAT YOU WILL NOT HAVE, AND YOU WAIVE,
THE RIGHT FOR A JUDGE OR JURY TO DECIDE YOUR CLAIMS, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT
PROCEED IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY.
Information
We Collect
We
may collect two types of information about you when you visit our Sites,
contact us with questions or seek an employment opportunity at Arent Fox: (1)
personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone
number, email address, education and employment information), and (2) non-personally
identifiable information, such as aggregate information.
Personally
Identifiable Information
The only personally identifiable information that Arent Fox collects and stores about you is the information that you have chosen to provide to Arent Fox. For example, you may submit information by clicking on various links offered on our
Sites, such as on the “Contact” page, by contacting an individual Arent Fox attorney via an email address provided in a hyperlink, or by subscribing to a
newsletter or legal alerts.
In
such instances, Arent Fox may collect the following categories of personally
identifiable information.
Identifying
contact information, such as your name,
address, email address, telephone number, and other contact information. Identifiers are sourced directly from you. They are used to provide and improve the features and services you request; to communicate with you and provide you with information; to provide you with personalized content and information; process your request; and to send you other information related to your request. They
are disclosed for administrative purposes to service providers.
Internet or
other similar network activity and information about your visit to our Sites, including access
times, websites you visit before and after you visit ours, and information
about your computer hardware and software, such as your IP address, browser type, and domain names. This information is sourced indirectly from you (e.g.,
from observing your actions on our Sites). They are used to provide you with personalized content, information, and/or to send you information on our services. They are disclosed for administrative, business purposes.
Online
submissions for employment. We also may collect personally identifiable information from you if you apply for a job via our Sites. This information is sourced directly from you. They are used to communicate with you, provide you with information in response to your employment inquiry, and/or to process your request. They may be disclosed to service providers for administrative purposes.
Non-personally
Identifiable Information
Arent
Fox also collects non-personally identifiable information about your visit to our Sites. This information is aggregated and cannot be used to identify you
personally.
Cookies and
Similar Technologies
We use, and allow certain third parties to use, cookies and other similar technologies to provide our services and to help collect data. We, or third parties, may use session cookies or persistent cookies. Session cookies only last for the specific duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies remain on your device’s hard drive until you delete them or they expire. Different cookies are used to perform different
functions, which we explain below:
Essential. Some cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around our Sites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of the Sites. Without these cookies,
we cannot enable appropriate content based on the type of device you are using.
Browsing and functionality. These cookies allow us to remember choices you make on the Sites,
such as your preferred language, and provide enhanced, more personalized
features.
Performance
and analytics. We use our own cookies and third-party cookies to see how you use our Sites in order to enhance their performance and develop them according to your preferences. We use Google Analytics, for example, to track website usage and activity. You can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use by indicating your preference using the interest-based opt-out link here. Google also provides a
complete privacy policy and instructions on opting-out of Google Analytics here.
There are several ways to manage cookies. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provides information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies, or to notify you when receiving a new cookie. Please note, however, that by blocking
or deleting cookies which are “strictly necessary,” you will not be able to
access certain features of our Sites.
In the US, the Network Advertising Initiative also offers a means to opt-out of a
number of advertising cookies. Please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org to learn more. Note that opting-out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the company or companies from which you
opted-out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your preferences and usage
patterns.
Use of Your
Information
1. Use of
Your Personally Identifiable Information
Arent
Fox uses the personally identifiable information that is collected via its
Sites primarily for the following purposes:
To deliver requested information to you, such as sending you
newsletters or legal alerts or information regarding educational seminars or
other events that we believe may be of interest to you.
To process your request for employment.
To complete any other transaction or service requested by you.
To notify you about a material change to this Privacy Policy or
the Terms of Use, if necessary.
If
Arent Fox collects your personally identifiable information for one of the purposes described above, it may store such information on its servers or in one (or more) of its databases. If you do not want Arent Fox to use and store
your information in accordance with this policy, please do not submit any
personally identifiable information to Arent Fox or its attorneys.
2. Use of Non-personally
Identifiable Information
Arent
Fox uses your non-personally identifiable information to manage its Sites.
Arent Fox may analyze the data about visits to the Sites to make them more accessible and interesting for visitors. Arent Fox may share that data with
third parties to provide services for Arent Fox associated with the maintenance
of the Sites.
Legal Bases
for Processing
We
base the above-mentioned processing activities of your personally identifiable
information on the following legal bases:
Processing for the purpose of delivering requested information to
you is based on your consent.
Processing for the purposes of handling requests for employment,
completing a transaction requested by you, and notifying you about changes to
our policies as necessary to establish and fulfill a contract with you and also
based upon our legitimate interests.
Sharing and
Disclosure of Information
1. Personally
Identifiable Information
Arent
Fox may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the
following instances:
To fulfill a service to you. For example, if you choose to attend
a webinar or other educational seminar advertised or promoted by Arent Fox, we
may share your personally identifiable information with a third party in order
to provide that service to you.
To process a request made by you. For example, if you apply for a
job via our Sites, we may share your information with third-party headhunters
or other third parties in order to analyze and fulfill your request for
employment.
To unaffiliated third-party service providers, agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us (including, but not limited to, maintaining and analyzing data and sending customer communications on Arent Fox’s behalf). By agreement, we seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personally identifiable information for any purpose other than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible. Because such
unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites
will have access to users’ personally identifiable information, if you do not
wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your
information, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to
us.
To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such
action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply
with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property,
including the rights and property of Arent Fox or act in urgent circumstances
to protect the personal safety of our end users.
To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process
including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.
To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and
volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such
information to third parties.
Except
as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information,
we do not otherwise use, share or otherwise disclose your personally
identifiable information to any third parties.
2. Non-personally
Identifiable Information
We use non-personally identifiable information collected on the Sites in the manner disclosed above. We may share this non-personally identifiable
information with third parties.
Choice
If you receive an email communication from Arent Fox and you would prefer not to receive such an email communication, please either notify the sender of that email or follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email. Arent Fox will take
reasonable efforts to honor any such request and/or delete your information
from its managed databases, if applicable.
Third-Party
Websites
This online Privacy Policy does not apply to the Websites of other companies,
individuals or organizations to which we may provide links. These Websites may have different policies relating to your privacy and information they collect about you. Visitors should consult other websites’ privacy policies, as we have
no control over information that is submitted to, or controlled by, third
parties.
Bulletin
Boards and Blogs
From time to time, we may operate bulletin boards and/or blogs that serve to provide visitors with information. You are not required to submit any personally identifiable information with a posting on a bulletin board or leave a comment on a blog. PLEASE EXERCISE CAUTION WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT
ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN PUBLIC POSTING AREAS.
Assignment
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party,
or in the event of a merger, you grant Arent Fox the right to assign the
personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected
via the Sites.
International
Transfer of Information
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, it may be stored in the United States and in other jurisdictions. If you are visiting our
Sites from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that your personally identifiable information may be transferred to the United States, and to other jurisdictions, which may not have the same data protection laws as the European Union and may not afford many of the rights conferred upon data subjects in the European Union. You
acknowledge that you understand: (i) your personally identifiable information
may be used for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and (ii) your personally identifiable information may be transferred to
the United States, or other jurisdictions as indicated above.
Changes to
this Privacy Policy
Arent
Fox reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will also revise the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this
Privacy Policy. For changes to this Privacy Policy that may be materially less
restrictive on our use or disclosure of personally identifiable information
that you have provided to us, we send a notice to the primary email address
that was provided to us by you and place a prominent notice on our Sites.
Security
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Consequently, Arent Fox cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to Arent Fox is done at your own risk. Arent Fox has, however,
implemented firewalls to discourage unauthorized access via the Internet.
Data
Retention
We will keep your personally identifiable information for as long as necessary to perform the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Laws may require us to
hold certain information for specific periods.
Your
Individual Rights in the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United
Kingdom, and Switzerland
For residents of the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United
Kingdom, and Switzerland, you may be entitled to ask us for a copy of your information, to correct it, erase or restrict its processing, or ask us to transfer some of this information to other organizations. You may also have the right to object to some processing activities and, where we have asked for your consent to process your information, to withdraw this consent. These rights may be limited in some situations, for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your information. In some instances, this
may mean that we are able to retain your information even if you withdraw your
consent.
We hope we can satisfy any queries you may have about the way we process your data. If you have any concerns about how we process your data, or would like to opt-out of receiving marketing communications, please contact us at consumerprivacy@arentfox.com.
For
residents of the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United
Kingdom, and Switzerland in the event you have unresolved concerns, you also
have the right to complain to a data protection authority.
Your
California Privacy Rights
California
Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits visitors to the Sites who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us at 888.414.8658 or consumerprivacy@arentfox.com and put “Shine the Light” in the subject line of your request.
From January 1, 2020, California consumers have the following rights. To the extent that these rights apply to
you, the following rights are provided:
Right to know
You have the right to know and request information about the categories and specific pieces of we have collected about you, as well as the categories of sources from which such information is
collected, the purpose for collecting such information, and the categories of third parties with whom we share such information. You also have the right to know if we have sold or disclosed your personally identifiable information. You may also request a copy of the personally identifiable information we have collected and, upon request, we will provide this information to you in electronic form.
Right to delete
You have the right to request the deletion of your personally
identifiable information, subject to certain exceptions and our record
retention policy.
Right to opt-out of sale
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personally identifiable information to third parties. However, we do not sell your data at this time.
Right to non-discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of
these rights.
If you would like to exercise one or
more of the rights above, please contact us by calling 888.414.8658 or emailing us here.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. Such authorized agent must be registered to conduct business in California with the
California Secretary of State. We will deny a request from an agent that does
not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
We may need to confirm your verifiable consumer request before completing your request, and, for example, may ask for you to confirm data points we already have about you. We will only use personally
identifiable information provided in a consumer request to verify the
requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Special
Policy Regarding Information from Children
Arent
Fox and its Sites are not targeted to children under the age of 13, or 16 in the European Union, and Arent Fox does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any child under the age of 13, or 16 in the
European Union, without parental consent. If we become aware that such data has
been collected, we will delete it.
How We
Respond to Do Not Track Signals
Certain web browsers and other programs may be used to signal your preferences to us about how or whether we or third parties may collect information about your online activities. As there are no globally recognized “Do Not Track” settings,
we do not support “Do Not Track” browser settings and do not currently
participate in any frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or
other mechanisms from you.
Dispute
Resolution
By using the Sites, you and Arent Fox agree that, if there is any controversy,
claim, action, or dispute arising out of or related to your use of the Sites,
or the breach, enforcement, interpretation, or validity of this Privacy Policy
or any part thereof (“Dispute”), both parties shall first try in good faith to
settle such Dispute by providing written notice to the other party describing
the facts and circumstances of the Dispute and allowing the receiving party 30
days in which to respond to or settle the Dispute. Notice shall be sent to
Arent Fox LLP at 1717 K Street NW, Washington, DC 20006. Notice to you shall be
provided at the address we have on file for you.
Both
you and Arent Fox agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition
precedent that must be satisfied before initiating any litigation or filing any
claim against the other party.
IF
ANY DISPUTE CANNOT BE RESOLVED BY THE ABOVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURE, YOU
AGREE THAT THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR SUCH DISPUTE WILL BE DECIDED
BY BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL
BASIS MEANS THAT YOU WILL NOT HAVE, AND YOU WAIVE, THE RIGHT FOR A JUDGE OR
JURY TO DECIDE YOUR CLAIMS, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT PROCEED IN A CLASS,
CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. Other rights that you and we would
have in court will not be available or will be more limited in arbitration,
including discovery and appeal rights. All such Disputes shall be exclusively
submitted to JAMS (www.jamsadr.com) for binding arbitration under its rules
then in effect in the District of Columbia metropolitan area before one
arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties.
The
arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have
exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising under or relating to the
interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Privacy
Policy, including any claim that all or any part of this Privacy Policy is void
or voidable.
Choice of Law
and Forum
You agree that the laws of the District of Columbia govern the Privacy Policy and any claim or dispute that you may have against us, without regard to D.C.’s
conflict of laws rules. The parties acknowledge that this Privacy Policy evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the
foregoing with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted
pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the Federal
Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C., Secs. 1-16).
You further agree that any disputes or claims not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be resolved by a court located in the District of Columbia and you agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action. PLEASE
NOTE THAT BY AGREEING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU ARE: (1) WAIVING CLAIMS THAT
YOU MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE AGAINST US BASED ON THE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS,
INCLUDING YOUR OWN; (2) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTING TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION
OF, AND VENUE IN, STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR ANY
DISPUTES OR CLAIMS BROUGHT UNDER THIS PROVISION; AND (3) SUBMITTING YOURSELF TO
THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF COURTS LOCATED IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE
PURPOSE OF RESOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTES OR CLAIMS.
Contact Us
For questions about this policy and/or to contact us with any questions, please contact us at:
consumerprivacy@arentfox.com or 888.414.8658
Footer
About
Leadership
History
Alumni
Pro Bono
The Center for Racial Equality
Careers
Attorney Opportunities
Professional Opportunities
Diversity
Summer Program
Locations
Washington, DC
Boston
Los Angeles
New York
San Francisco
Contact
Subscribe
Social
Linkedin Twitter Youtube
Sub footer
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Non Discrimination
© Copyright 2020 Arent Fox LLP. All Rights Reserved.
Back to Top