http://www.eagleflight.org/privacy-policy
Friday,
December
11,
2020
Text Size
Login
Home
Blog
Eagle Flight
Cyber Studies
Pastors' Seminars
Ministry Resources
School of Discipleship
Character Studies
Latest Online Messages
Listen online to the latest messages from Pastor Bob and others at Shoreline Community Church...shorelinecc.com
Welcome To Eagleflight.org
Thanks for stopping by! If this is your first visit, get to know Eagleflight.org by reading the latest posts or perusing the seminar that gave us the name. You can also search for training and resources by topic.
Why Eagleflight?
Learn how eagles reflect our spiritual journey...With Eagle's Wings    |    Fly, Eagle, Fly
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Print
Email
Published: 21 June 2009
Written by Bob Stone
[h1heading]Information Collection, Use, and Sharing[/h1heading]We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, during checkout or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone, at any time.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.We may contact you by e-mail, from time to time, about specials and updates. If you do not want to receive these, let us know and we will remove your name from our e-mail list.[h1heading]Your Access To and Control Over Information[/h1heading]You can do the following at any time by contacting us.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.[h1heading]Security[/h1heading]We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as name, address and email address), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email.We may change these terms and conditions with or without notice. Please review this link regularly to see any changes.
Prev
Next
About the AuthorContactPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
Back to Top
© Copyright 2009 Eagleflight.org . All Rights Reserved