http://www.jaburgwilk.com/privacy-policy
Search
JDSupra
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website is operated by Jaburg Wilk
3200 N. Central Ave. Suite 2000 Phoenix, AZ 85012 info@jaburgwilk.com
602-248-1000
Jaburg Wilk is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This policy summarizes the type of information that we collect through our web site and how we use, or might use, that information. By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of information collected on our website.
Collection And Use Of Information
In order to keep you informed about our services, we may collect personal information from you, including name, title, company name, home and/or work addresses and telephone numbers, and email address. Any information collected would be information that you choose to provide. We do not use spy ware, or similarly intrusive software.
We collect the personal information described above in order to market our services directly to you by sending emails, newsletters and updates about areas in which you have expressed an interest. Please notify us in writing if you do not wish to be marketed to by Jaburg Wilk. We may also provide your contact information to third parties that perform marketing functions for Jaburg Wilk. If we do share your personal information with third parties, we will specify that they are not to use your contact information for any other purpose.
We will not share your information with any third party except as set forth above.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
It is within our discretion and we reserve the right to change, modify or replace this Privacy Policy at any time. Changes will be posted here before the new, changed or modified policy becomes effective. It is your responsibility to periodically review this page to remain informed of our current privacy policy and procedures.
Links
Our web site may contain links to third party sites. Jaburg Wilk has no control over the privacy policies and collection practices of those sites, and is not responsible for their content, collection and use of information, or freedom from errors or viruses. It is your responsibility to know when you are linking to a third party site, and to inform yourself of the privacy policy and information collection practices of those sites.