http://www.gascottishrite.org/index.php/10-general-info/6-privacy-policy
HomeThe Scottish RiteWhat is the Scottish Rite?History of the Scottish RiteValleysAlbanyAtlantaAugustaColumbusMiddle GeorgiaSavannahPhotos33rd Coronation Photos Scottish Rite FoundationRiteCareScholarship ProgramResolutionsPhotosContact Us
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use your information to contact you.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information, unless requested.
Third party links
We include or offer some third party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
H3>California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf.
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Last Edited on September 27, 2017.
Charitable Works
The Scottish Rite in Georgia supports three primary public charities, including Childhood Learning Disability Centers, post-secondary scholarships, and the Scottish Rite Hospital, which is a part of Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
History
Freemasonry has existed since time immemorial. The Scottish Rite as we know it today developed from so-called High Degrees from France in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. The Scottish Rite has a rich and deep history, which has withstood the test of time and continues to perform its good works today. Since its inception in 1801, the Supreme Council of the Ancient & Accepted Scottish Rite has been elevating mankind through its teaching and through its actions. Click here to read more about the Rite and its history.
Education
Freemasonry has been said to be a 'beautiful system of morality veiled in allegory and illustrated through symbols'. The Scottish Rite seeks to expand upon the teachings of the Blue or Symbolic lodge by conferring an additional 29 degrees, each of which expresses multiple concepts surrounding charity, patriotism, virtue, chivalry, and more. Within these 'high degrees' can be found centuries worth of wisdom that has been handed down from one generation to the next. Through this, the Scottish Rite is able to help turn good men into better men.