http://www.texasweddings.com/c/san-antonio/privacy.php
SIGN UP FREE
BRIDE LOGIN
--Select a City--
San Antonio
Austin
Join for FreeLogin
Home
Vendors
Specials
Events
Planning Tools
Inspiration Gallery
Budget Calculator
Checklists
Articles
Venue Directory
Texas Weddings App
Bridal Blog
Magazine
Current Issue
Real Weddings
Find A Copy
Bridal Extravaganza
Select a City:
San Antonio
Austin
Search Our Wedding ProfessionalsFrom venues and caterers to photographers and florists, the finest wedding professionals are here for brides just like you
By Category
AccommodationsBartenders & Wait StaffBeauty, Skin Care, Make-Up & HairBeveragesCakes & SweetsCaterersConsultantsDecor & LightingDestination WeddingsEntertainment: DJFavorsFloristsInvitations & Wedding AccessoriesOfficiantsPhoto Booths & Flip BooksPhotographersRehearsal DinnersTuxedos & MenswearVenuesVideographersWedding Dresses & Accessories
Privacy Policy
At Texas Weddings LTD, we care deeply about privacy. We believe in transparency about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to www.texasweddings.com, other Texas Weddings LTD web sites, online services, and subsets thereof (each referred to herein as a "Site") and Texas Weddings LTD’s pages and other presences on various social networking platforms.
This Policy describes how Texas Weddings LTD collects, stores and uses the personal information you provide through the Sites. We created this Policy to explain the types of information we collect through the Sites, how we will use, disclose and protect this information once it is collected, and how you may be able to opt-out of some of our uses and disclosures of your information. By visiting this Site, you agree to the terms of this Policy as they may be amended from time to time. You can read Texas Weddings LTD’s full Privacy Policy below.
As we further describe below, we may share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes. You can elect for us not to do so by editing your preferences in your account profile at https://texasweddings.com/bride_dash.php or by emailing us at specialevents@texasweddings.com (please include your name, mailing address, and email address).
Here are a few general principles to keep in mind as you read through this Policy:
This Site is owned or operated by Texas Weddings LTD or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates (referred to collectively in this Policy as "Texas Weddings LTD," "we," "us," "our" and other similar pronouns).
As our business evolves, this Policy may change, so check back to this page periodically to make sure you understand how your Personal Information will be treated.
This Policy is incorporated into, and part of, our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Site as a whole. Additionally, this Policy may be supplemented from time to time by other terms that apply to specific Sites. All capitalized terms used herein without definition are given the meanings ascribed to them in our Terms of Use found here: https://www.texasweddings.com/privacy.php.
Unless otherwise specified, this Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain, other than from you through our Site, such as over the phone, by mail, or in person.
Advertisements that may be displayed to you on this Site and other sites may be customized to your interests and preferences based on your Personal Information and Site usage information (as further described below) collected through our Site or elsewhere online.
The infomation you provide to us is being transmitted to us and processed in the United States and will be protected subject to this Policy and United States laws, which may not be as protective as the laws in your country. Also, this Site places cookies and local shared objects on your computer or device, as further described below. This Site is not intended to collect personal information from outside the United States and Canada. By using the Site, you agree to this.
Opt In and Opt Out
You may have the right to opt in to or opt out of certain of our uses and disclosures of your Personal Information (as defined below). For example, when you are asked to provide Personal Information on this Site, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to, receive promotional messages from us by e-mail or Text Messaging (as defined below). You may unsubscribe from our promotional emails by editing your preferences in your account profile on the Site, or by clicking on the opt-out link within the e-mail you receive. Please understand that it may take us some time to process any opt out request and that even if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us. You may also tell us that you do not want us to share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes by editing your preferences in your Site member profile, or by emailing us at specialevents@texasweddings.com (please include your name, mailing address, and email address). To stop receiving promotional messages from third parties who already have your contact information, please contact them directly.
What information is collected on this Site?
Personal Information
While you may be able to visit and view content on the Site without providing any Personal Information, we may collect Personal Information on or through the Site in various circumstances.
"Personal Information" is information that can be used to identify you or contact you as an individual, as well as information attributed with such information. Personal Information may include, for example: your name; age or date of birth; postal address; e-mail address; telephone number; wireless device address; text message address; screen name or username; photograph or photographs you may provide to the Site; gender; geolocation information; payment card and other payment information; event dates and related information; information about your family; and interests, hobbies and demographic information. We collect Personal Information via the Site in a variety of circumstances, such as when you conduct a transaction on our Site; create an account on our Site; edit your online profile; sign up for our newsletters; sign up for certain services; make online purchases; enter sweepstakes and contests; complete surveys; contribute to a chat room, bulletin board, message board, listserv, blog, wiki or other social forum on the Site; or submit a comment or question to us by using a "contact us" or similar feature on the Site.
On some of our Sites, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or access certain content unless you provide us with the requested Personal Information.
.
Site Usage Information
As is the case with many Web sites, our servers may automatically collect your IP address when you visit the Site, and we may associate that with your domain name or that of your Internet access provider. We may also capture certain "clickstream data" pertaining to your usage of and navigation around the Site. Clickstream data includes, for example, information about your computer or device, Web browser and operating system and their settings, the referring page that linked you to the Site, the pages or ads you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download, the next Web site you visit when you leave the Site and any search terms you have entered on the Site or a referral site. All of this information may be used for a variety of purposes, including, for example, to gather aggregated demographic or statistical information.
In addition, we may deploy various tracking technologies on, or third-party software or services that may operate in the background of, the Site to collect additional information about your Site visits including for security or other operational reasons. These technologies, software or services may be collected by third-party technology providers and used in accordance with the applicable third-party’s privacy policy (including, without limitation, the Google Privacy Policy), or may enable us to, for example, assign a unique number to you, collect information about your usage of our Site, administer the Site and our systems, or relate such Site usage information to other information about you, including your Personal Information.
Examples of the types of tracking technologies deployed on the Site include the following:
"Cookies" are small data files stored on your computer or device at the request of a Web site. In addition to the general purposes listed above, cookies may enable us to recognize you as the same user who was at our Site in the past, and relate your use of the Site to other information about you, such as other Site usage information and Personal Information. Cookies may also be used to enhance your experience on the Site (for example, by storing your username) and/or to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information. Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but refusing cookies may, in some cases, limit your use of the Site or its features. To learn more about the use of cookies, including how to manage or delete them, click here.
"Local shared objects, such as "Flash cookies," may be stored on your computer or device using a media player or other software installed on your computer or device. Local shared objects operate much like cookies, but cannot be managed in the same way. Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings. For information on managing Flash cookies, for example, click here.
A "pixel tag" (also known as a "clear GIF" or "web beacon") is a tiny image – typically just one-pixel – that can be placed on a Web page or in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you’ve opened one of our emails or seen one of our Web pages.
"HTML5" (the language some Web sites, such as mobile Web sites, are coded in) may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Site usage activities and to help determine how our Site is being used by our visitors, how it can be improved and to customize it for our users.
The above tracking technologies may be deployed by us or our service providers on our behalf. For example, we currently use, and/or in the future may use certain third-party service providers to collect Site usage information and track traffic to, from and around the Sites.
By using our Site, you agree to our use of these tracking technologies.
Do Not Track Disclosures
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not change our tracking practices (which are explained in more detail directly above) in response to "do-not-track" (DNT) settings in your web browser. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Our third-party partners, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social media and networking platforms, collect information about your online activities over time and across our Site and other online properties. These third parties may not change their tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor DNT settings. Information about how to opt-out from your data being used by third parties can be found above under "Site Usage Information."
How we may use your information
We (or one of our service providers, on our behalf) may use your information (including your Personal Information and Site usage information) for a variety of purposes, such as the following:
processing and fulfilling your transactions
administering the Site, the Site’s features and services, and your account with us (e.g., when you request a quote for any service you may need or when you sign up as a vendor)
enabling users to use the Site and the Site’s features and services
responding to your requests, questions and concerns
developing new features and offerings on the Site
research, analytics and development of the Site and other products and services
sending you marketing and other communications, including information about products, services and events, of ours and of others, that we think might interest you. You may opt out of receiving such notices from us by following the instructions in the “Opt In and Opt Out” section above.
protecting our rights and property
customizing the Site to your interests and history with us
tailoring ads displayed to you on our Site and elsewhere to your interests and history with us
other purposes described at the time you choose to provide Personal Information to us
To perform the above functions, we may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both Personal Information and Site usage information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources (including third parties) such as demographic information and updated contact information. We or our service providers may also use your information to assess the level of interest in, and use of, the Site, our e-mails and our other messaging campaigns both on an individual basis and in the aggregate.
How we may share Personal Information and Site usage information with others
We may share the information we collect on the Site with others for a variety of reasons. In addition to the kinds of information sharing you might expect, such as sharing with our subsidiaries, affiliates and third-party providers who need your information in order to provide services to us or on our behalf, we may share your information:
with our affiliates and other third parties (e.g., pre-screened organizations that have offerings we think may interest you, retailers and other third-party partners) for their marketing and other purposes (including, without limitation, providing product samples), unless you tell us not to by following the instructions in the “Opt-in and Opt-out” section above;
including limited personal information, such as your first name, first initial of your last name, wedding location and theme and color preferences, with our affiliates and other third parties (e.g., pre-screened organizations that have offerings we think may interest you, registry program participants, retailers, and other third-party partners or program participants) for their marketing and other purposes;
with our co-sponsor(s) if we obtain your information in connection with a contest, sweepstakes, offering or other promotional activity that is jointly offered by us and any third parties, unless you tell us not to by following the instructions in the “Opt-in and Opt-out” section above;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or property, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government, judicial or other legal request, or to comply with the law;
in connection with a corporate change or dissolution, including for example a merger, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, sale of assets or wind-down of a business.
If you communicate with a vendor you connect with through the Site, including via our chat, inbox or other similar communication or messaging features or services (including through our "request a quote" feature), we may share personally identifiable information about you and your event (such as your name, email address, location and wedding details), as well as the contents of your message, so that the vendor may contact you with customized offers and messages and use your information pursuant to such vendor’s privacy policy, user agreement or other policies in place governing such vendor’s use of your information. For security purposes, please do not include any password, social security number, payment card or other sensitive information via this service. We reserve the right to monitor messaging between you and our vendors for security and training purposes.
In addition, we may share non-personally identifiable Site usage information (including aggregate data) with others, for their use, in a form that does not include your name or contact information.
Social Networking
We maintain a presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, WordPress, Pinterest and Google Plus. We may incorporate some third-party social networking features onto our Site or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or manage the Site or portions thereof. Through these platforms and features, we receive some Personal Information and some Site usage information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that information as well. In addition, some providers of third-party social networking or blogging platforms we utilize (such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, WordPress, Pinterest and Google) have their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them may collect, use and protect your information (e.g., if you establish an account with such platform providers directly).
Your Access Rights
You may be able to review, update or modify certain of the Personal Information that is stored in a user account set up with us on the Site (if you have one with us on the Site) by logging in to the "Bride Dashboard" or similar area of the Site or by contacting us using the "Contact Us" information below. We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information. Your right to delete your information is subject to our records retention policies.
Security
We use various efforts intended to safeguard the security and integrity of Personal Information collected on this Site. Payment card information is processed by third-party payment processors pursuant to their applicable privacy policies. Despite these measures, however, we cannot and do not guarantee that information will be absolutely safe from interception or intrusion during transmission or while stored on our system, or otherwise.
If you correspond with us by e-mail, text message or using Web forms like a "contact us" feature on our Site, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure from access by unauthorized parties. We have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission. If you create an account on our Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occurs under your account. Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
If we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our care may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail to the most recent e-mail address you have provided us in your account profile. Please keep your e-mail address in your account up to date. You can change that e-mail address anytime in your account profile. If you receive a notice from us, you can print it to retain a copy of it. To receive these notices, you must check your e-mail account using your computer or mobile device and email application software. You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use the U.S. Postal Service to notify you in this situation, please e-mail us at weddingguide@texasweddings.com (please include your name, mailing address, and email address). You can make this election any time, and it will apply to notifications we make after a reasonable time thereafter for us to process your request. You may also use this e-mail address to request a print copy, at no charge, of an electronic notice we have sent to you regarding a compromise of your Personal Information.
Links to other Web sites
The Site may contain links, banners, widgets or advertisements (e.g., a "Share It!" button) that lead to other Web sites not subject to this Privacy Policy (including other sites that may be co-branded with our brands). Thus, the posted policies of these other sites will govern the collection and use of your information thereon, and we encourage you to read each such privacy statement to learn about how your information may be treated by others. Additionally, on some of our Sites, you may be able to register with or purchase directly from third-party retailers, and these other companies’ information practices are governed by their privacy policies.
Children under the Age of 13
The Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or store any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not register on the Site, make purchases through the Site or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us at webteam@texasweddings.com.
Changes to this Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time. When we do, we will let you know by posting the changed Policy on this page with a new "Last Updated" date. In some cases (for example, if we make certain material changes), we may inform you by additional means, such as by sending you an e-mail. In some cases, we may obtain your consent to the changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, you should first contact Texas Weddings LTD Member Services by emailing weddingguide@texasweddings.com and writing "Privacy Policy" in the subject line.
Planning
Texas Wedding Guide
Articles
Checklists
Inspiration Gallery
Budget Calculator
Venue Directory
Landing Page
Links
About Us
Meet Our Team
Submit a Review
Become an Advertiser
Networking
Exhibitor Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Vendor Login
Contact
(210) 599-0336
(210) 599-0369
Email Us
Hours
Monday - Friday
9:00AM - 5:00PM
View Austin's Site
(210) 599-0336
Email Us
M-F 9:00AM - 5:00PM
About Us
Become an Advertiser
Exhibitor Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Vendor Login
Login
×
Email
Password
Login
Forgot Password? Not a member? Register
Register
×
Register now to gain access to your personal dashboard. There you will be able to save your favorite vendors, manage your wedding budget, create your own inspiration gallery, interact with our wedding timeline checklists and much more.
First Name*
Last Name*
Wedding Location*
Wedding Date*
Address
Apt
City
State
Zip
Email*
Phone #*
Password*
Confirm Password*
I understand that by registering I am agreeing to the TexasWeddings.com terms of service and privacy policy.
Register
Already a member? Login