http://www.doyourownwill.com/privacy.html
Menu
FAQs
Blog
About / Contact Us
Sign In
Get Started
Sign In
Create
Do Your Own Will
Free Living Wills
Planning Guide
Information
Do I Need a Will?
Can I Do it Myself?
How this Site Works
Legal Information
Will Requirements
Naming Guardians
What is Probate?
Naming an Executor
Other
Other Services
Power of Attorney
Free Legal Forms
Famous Wills
FAQs
Blog
About / Contact Us
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Doyourownwill.com website. Within this site you can complete your will online. The types of personal information collected during this process are: Names, addresses, email address, phone number, etc.
The Way We Use Information: Our goal is to be your trusted source for estate planning information and will preparation. When you complete your will online, you are required to provide private and personal information. This may include your name, address, email, and information necessary to complete your document. We use the information you provide about yourself when completing your documents. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive and to deliver will documents. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. We also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests. We may send you promotional emails and newsletters from time to time to users who have registered on the site and to those who have opted in to receive such emails. Generally, you may not opt-out of service-related or transactional communications, which are not promotional.
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, member, transaction, email, and visitor information is generally one of the business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us: Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at support@doyourownwill.com.