https://www.tulsacasa.org/tulsa-casa-privacy-policy/
Tulsa CASA Privacy Policy
Tulsa CASA, Inc. Privacy Policy
Tulsa CASA, Inc. is committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. The following online privacy policy is intended to protect personal information (any information by which you can be identified) you provide to us online. In addition, Tulsa CASA, Inc. will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. We may periodically send you e-mail announcing news and event information. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings from us as well.
No Sharing of Personal Information
Tulsa CASA, Inc. never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information with other organizations. Tulsa CASA, Inc. assures you that the identity of all who contact us through this website will be kept confidential.
Security
Tulsa CASA, Inc. is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Any information you enter is encrypted at your browser, sent over the public Internet in encrypted form, and then de-encrypted at our server. Once we receive your credit card information, it is accessible only to a small number of trusted Tulsa CASA, Inc. employees who have been specially trained in processing this information.
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our website is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by its visitors. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our site. This information is only used for internal purposes by staff. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. You can still use the Tulsa CASA website if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not generate personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about any of our policies or our website, please contact us at 918-584-2272. Our business hours are 8:30- 5:00 CST.
Our mailing address is:
700 S. Boston Ave. Ste. 230
Tulsa, OK 74119
Follow Us
Attend a CASA Training
CONTACT US
Site Search