http://www.ondivorce.co.uk/terms.html
Toggle navigationMenuContactUsHomeAbout DivorceServicesContact UsBlogLogincall us on0800 803 0813Login
|
Support
|
Blog
Request a Callback Terms and Conditions
Please read through the Terms and Conditions below and if you do not agree with them, we ask that you refrain from using our website and services. Your use of the services indicates your acknowledgment that you have read and accepted these Terms and Conditions without limitation or qualification.
Terms and Conditions Agreement
Quickie Divorce UK is a trading title of Quickie Divorce Limited.
This agreement governs the use of the Quickie Divorce UK website, including all associated and incidental services provided by Quickie Divorce UK resulting from the use of this site.
Quickie Divorce UK reserves the right, at its discretion, to change or modify all or any part of this Agreement at any time, effective immediately upon notice published on the website. Your use of the Quickie Divorce UK website constitutes your binding acceptance of these terms and conditions, including any changes or modifications made by Quickie Divorce UK as permitted above.
Divorce Information Guide & Forms
You may not publish, transmit, transfer or sell, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement.
You may download or copy the information and advice contained on the site for your own personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content.
In no event shall Quickie Divorce UK be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the documents, this Web site or the support service whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, except in relation to death or personal injury for which no limit shall apply. The liability of Quickie Divorce UK for direct loss arising out of the use of the documents, this Web site, and the support service whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise is limited to the total value of the transactions under which the claim arises for any one event or series of connected events.
Every endeavour will be taken to ensure that the divorce service is updated regularly to ensure its accuracy. It is our belief that our divorce service provides clients with the necessary legal documents and information to complete their divorce. 1 hour of legal advise relating to the divorce is included with the "quick online service" which is limited to digital correspondence only at a rate of 15 minutes per email.
Note: You will have to pay a fee of £550 to the Court for getting a divorce. Court Fees are set by the UK Government but you may be exempt under the remissions scheme if you have a low income.
Statutory Rights
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
Support
Quickie Divorce UK will provide legal advice via e-mail within the "quick online service" and via telephone, e-mail and live chat within the "personalised service" and "personalised plus service" to help you through the process of filing your divorce petition.
We will also provide assistance with general queries regarding the completion of the relevant fields of the form and legal advise limited to 1 hour.
Delivery Times
We will make every reasonable effort to dispatch your completed divorce petition the same day, if submitted before 5.30pm Monday to Friday (excluding National UK holidays) or within 48 hours if the completed divorce petition is submitted outside the stated working hours.
Cancellations and Refunds
In order to lodge a complaint, cancel your service or request a refund please follow our complaints procedure which can be found here: http://www.quickie-divorce.com/complaints.pdf
Our Divorce services are valid for a period of 6 months only. After this period, you will no longer be entitled to utilise our services. At our absolute discretion we may reactivate your account for a fee of £67. The reason that we adopt this policy is due to the administrative costs and burden of opening your file and reserving a place in our database for you. We therefore strongly advise you to complete your questionnaire and download your divorce documents as soon as you have ordered.
You have the right to cancel this contract within 14 days. The cancellation period will expire after 14 days from the day of the conclusion of the contract unless you have purchased a package which involves digital or downloaded content.
To exercise the right to cancel, you must inform us, Quickie Divorce, of your decision to cancel this contract by a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post or email). You may use our model cancellation form, but it is not obligatory. You can also electronically fill in and submit the model cancellation form or any other clear statement on our website www.quickie-divorce.com . If you use this option, we will communicate with you an acknowledgement of receipt of such a cancellation on a durable medium (e.g. email) without delay.
If you requested to begin the performance of services during the cancellation period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been performed until you have communicated to us your cancellation from this contract, in comparison with the full coverage of the contract.
Customer Care/Complaints
We have always prided ourselves in providing a full customer care service and it is our intention to deal promptly with all complaints that may arise in relation to the service that we provide within 14 days of receipt of the complaint. Normally, replies to any complaint would be made by E-mail or, if required, we can ensure that we can provide a telephone facility to discuss matters of a more complex nature if so required.
Limitations of Use
You may not use the Web site or the documents for any other purpose except for your own personal use. You may however use the documents as many times as you wish, however we recommend that you check with Quickie Divorce UK regularly to ensure that the documents are the latest versions before reuse.
As a condition of your use of this Web site, you warrant to us that you will not use this Web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices.
Limitation of Liability in respect of the Documents
We enclose with this agreement, a disclaimer in respect of our liability in relation to the divorce pack. Please ensure that it is read carefully as the following are the terms upon which we would provide our divorce pack to you.
Privacy Policy
Quickie Divorce UK is committed to protecting the identity and privacy of our users.
We will only use information collected in the process of transactions in a strictly lawful manner in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Quickie Divorce UK will not use client emails to contact clients once the transaction has been completed other than in accordance with a query from them or to notify them of a divorce-related product, service or event that we believe may be of interest to them.
Email addresses and telephone number will not be provided to any third party other than associated companies.
Users should be aware that Quickie Divorce UK retains no information relating to clients' credit card details. This information is never know to Quickie Divorce UK and is only retained by the Merchant Service Provider.
For your information
Please be aware that any customers who use certain E-Mail accounts (e.g. AOL) may receive E-Mails to a "bulk folder" rather than the "inbox".
Telephone Conversations
Calls may be recorded for training and monitoring purposes.
Need a Divorce?We believe we've createdthe quickest, simplest & best quality divorce solutionavailable in the UK todayPersonalised PLUSService£167
ALL Personalised Services
Clean Break Agreement (£99)
Lifetime Will (£39)
"Pleased with service and ease of use."
Adrian John Higgs
Find out morePersonalisedService£67
All the COMPLETED divorce forms
An experienced case manager
Email / Phone Support
"Easy peasy even I could do it!."
Andrew McCutcheon
Find out moreQuick OnlineService£37
ALL the legal documentation
Email / Phone Support
FREE Consultation
"Very easy and hassle free."
Chung Tang
Find out morequick, simple and affordable
If you use our 3-step process to generate your
divorce papers you can initiate your divorce in less than 3 minutes
and save up to £720.
available in the UK todayFind out moreOur Testimonials
Currently, 98.6% of our customers say they are
'Very Satisfied' with our service.
Excellent time management and customer engagement
Initially I was wondering if this would be a smooth transition and found from
the initial set-up that this is no joke.
The timeliness, customer engagement and tone
create a well appreciated journey to what is expected to be a "quickie-divorce" -
very appreciative.
Devon PoewlInvaluable
Its been great so far and has taken the stress out of the whole process. Excellent customer service and I particularly like the tracker of the stages online.
Karen CoxPreviousNextWe're rated "Excellent" by our customers onWe've had hundreds of 5 star Reviews
Confused About Divorce? Call 0800 803 0813
or drop us a message.
Contact UsConfused About Divorce?Free Help & AdviceRequest a Callback