http://www.verahouse.org/privacy-policy
Skip To Content
Quick Escape
Working to create a world free of violence & abuse
Contact Us  /  Signup
Vera House Privacy Policy
Vera House is committed to maintaining confidentiality and protecting your privacy. The following statement discloses our policy for information gathering and dissemination practices in order to protect that privacy.
Vera House does not collect any personally identifiable information (PII) from you when you visit our website, verahouse.org, unless you choose to provide it. Information you provide to us may include your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and/or other information given through specific requests made. Vera House will not share or sell any PII gathered from our website. No personal information is required to access this site. Be advised that as you browse the site our web servers may collect information about your visit- for example what specific pages you viewed- but not about you personally.
Vera House appreciates the support of our donors, and we will not share or sell our donor’s PII, whether donations are made online or offline. If you choose to sign up for our newsletter, Vera House will send you communications periodically to fulfill that request. We may also use that information to provide you with Vera House news, events, programs, and services. Any information provided to Vera House will only be used by Vera House staff to serve you better.
The Vera House website is maintained by the staff of Vera House and all content including text, images, graphics, and other materials are copyrighted. Please note that verahouse.org contains links to other sites, and we are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices, or content of these other sites. If you have specific questions about this website or this policy, please contact us at www.verahouse.org or (315) 425-0818.
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions within our Privacy Policy.
Newsletter
Email address
Stay Informed By Joining Our Newsletter.