http://www.congregationmicah.org/micah-privacy-policy
Events
Online Programming
Chanukah
About Micah
Mission and History
Clergy and Staff
Leadership
Campus
Cemetery
Newsletter
Strategic Plan
Privacy Policy
Services
Services
Live Stream
Annual Passover Service
Donations
Make a Donation
LIFE & LEGACY at Congregation Micah
Learning and Living
Adult Education
Religious School
Religious School Registration
Youth Programming
B'nai Mitzvah Blessings Album
Conversion Information
Chavurah/Activities Overview
Jewish Resources
Micah Children's Academy
Social Justice & Action
Social Justice & Action
Acts of Service
Advocacy
Education
Community Partners
Affordable Housing
VOTE
COVID-19 Volunteer Response
A Restorative Response to Justice
Membership
Campaign for Micah
Calendar
Contact
Privacy PolicyEnsuring your privacy is protected.
About Micah
Mission and History
Clergy and Staff
Leadership
Campus
Cemetery
Newsletter
Strategic Plan
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy explains how Congregation Micah uses and protects any information that you give us when you use our website.Congregation Micah is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you could be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Congregation Micah may change this policy at any time by updating this page; therefore, you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from April 2013.What information will be collected?Our website does not automatically collect any individually identifiable information, such as email address, etc. from visitors. Our policy is to only collect information that you willingly and voluntarily provide to us in the course of interacting with this site. On this site, you will have the opportunity to update database information, sign up for Religious school, programs and other special events, and make donations. In doing so, you may be asked to provide identifiable information such as your name, address, email address, phone number, credit card information, and/or information about your preferences and interests.How will information be used?We require this information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. We will use this information to update internal record keeping, to communicate with you periodically about upcoming events that may be of interest to you, and we may use it to confirm donations or registrations you have made online through our website. We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share our mailing lists with external organizations. Any personal information you provide to www.congregationmicah.org will not be disseminated to any third party organizations.Refund and Return PolicyTo request a payment refund, please contact the Congregation Micah office at (615) 377-9799. Donation PolicyThere is no refund given for donations to the synagogue.