http://www.donbosco.org/policies
What We Do
Community Center
Senior Center
ESL School
What You Can Do
Holiday Friends
Blankets For Bosco
Events
News & Pics
Donate
Our Policies
What personally identifiable information is collected on this site?Visitors may supply personally identifiable information (such as name, address or telephone numbers) for various purposes on this site. These purposes include registering to receive e-mail newsletters, requesting further information about our services, or simply asking a question about the Don Bosco Centers. The Don Bosco Centers does not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. This means that you can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. How is it used?When you supply information about yourself for a specific purpose, we use the information for only that purpose (such as to provide the service or information you have requested). For example, you may be asked to give us individual information to receive information, register for an events, or apply for a job.The Don Bosco Centers does not sell or share their e-mail addresses or other information with outside sources. SecurityPersonally identifiable information is stored on our server and is not publicly accessible. Further, personally identifiable information is only accessed by Don Bosco Centers employees on a "need to know" basis. Choice/Opt-outIf you have registered to receive e-mail communications from us and later change your mind, you may contact us to have your name removed from our distribution lists. You have the following options to do this:You can send an e-mail to info@donbosco.orgYou can send mail to:
The Don Bosco Centers, 580 Campbell St, Kansas City, MO 64106 Correct/UpdateIf you would like to verify the data we have received from you or to make corrections to it, you may contact us directly at the e-mail and mail addresses provided above. What anonymous information is collected on this site?Anonymous information is collected for every visitor to this site. This includes pages viewed, date and time, and browser type. IP numbers are not stored, but are temporarily used to determine domain type and in some cases, geographic region. We do not make any association between this information and a visitor's identity. How is it used?The information is used by the Don Bosco Centers to determine how to improve our site and how our communications efforts are working. How does this site use cookies?The Don Bosco Centers uses cookies to identify your browser as you visit pages on the Don Bosco Centers site. Cookies allow the Don Bosco Centers to gather anonymous information about how visitors use the site and allow the Don Bosco Centers to provide more relevant, targeted content to site users. LinksThis site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours. E-mail LinksWe use e-mail links located on this site to allow you to contact us directly via e-mail. We use the information provided in your e-mail to respond to your questions or comments. We may also store your comments for future reference. Your personal information is only shared with third parties with your explicit permission. Legal DisclaimerWe may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the Don Bosco Centers. For more informationIf you have any questions, concerns or comments, please e-mail info@donbosco.org