http://www.dfwx.com/privacy.htm
Thank you for your order from
Guardian Of Eden
Guardian
Of Eden
PRIVACY POLICY
We do not release, give, sell or publish your personal information,
email address or any other personal information for any of our
customers to anyone. The additional privacy policy information is
required to make certain you are aware of the practices of Google,
Yahoo, MSN/Bing and other search engines in relation to websites and
advertising.
If
you require any more information or have any questions about our
privacy
policy, please feel free to contact us by email at dfwx22@gamil.com.
At
Guardian Of Eden the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance
to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal
information
is received and collected by www.dfwx.com/h2o2.htm and Guardian of
Eden's websites and how it is used.
Log
Files
Like
many other Web sites, our websites makes use of log files. The
information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP )
addresses,
type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp,
referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends,
administer the
site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic
information.
IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any
information that
is personally identifiable.
These files do not gather any personal information. They are used by
search engines to track traffic count, trends and demographic
information.
Cookies
and Web Beacons
Our
websites do use cookies to store information about visitors
preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user
access or
visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or
other
information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick
DART Cookie
.::
Google, as a third party vendor, and other search engines uses cookies
to serve ads on
www.dfwx.com/h2o2.htm and other Guardian Of Eden websites.
.::
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based
on
their visit to www.dfwx.com/h2o2.htm and other sites on the Internet.
.::
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google
ad
and content network privacy policy at the following URL -
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some
of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our
site.
Our advertising partners include ....
Google
Adsense
Yahoo Sponsored Search
MSN/Bing Sponsored search
These
third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the
advertisements and links that appear on www.dfwx.com/h2o2.htm send
directly to
your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this
occurs.
Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may
also be
used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of
their
advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you
see.
www.dfwx.com/h2o2.htm
and Guardian Of Eden has no access to or control over these cookies
that are
used by third-party advertisers.
You
should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad
servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for
instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.
www.dfwx.com/h2o2.htm's and Guardian Of Eden's
privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities
of, such
other advertisers or web sites.
If
you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual
browser
options. More detailed information about cookie management with
specific web
browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Guardian Of Eden JUTRIAN Rx is
back in stock! We have been contacting people on the waiting list
for Jutrian Rx and it can be found at
www.dfwx.com/rx.htm.
Other products:
Sea Salts for your kitchen: www.dfwx.com/gourmet.htm
SeaSoak for your bath: www.dfwx.com/seasalt.htm
If you have questions about usage of your product
visit www.dfwx.com/usage.html
and www.dfwx.com/answers.html.
Thank
again for your order.
www.dfwx.com/h2o2.html
www.dfwx/com/h2o2.htm
www.dfwx.com/gourmet.html
www.dfwx.com/pool.html
www.dfwx.com/seasalt.html
www.dfwx.com/h2o2.htm
(c) These
materials are the copyrighted property of DFWX & Guardian Of Eden
and may not be reproduced without express permission