http://www.parliament.gov.sg/privacy-statement
Parliament of Singapore
Contact Us
FAQs
Feedback
Sitemap
A-
A
A+
About Us
Please click the links on the right to find out more on what Parliament is about.
Parliament Information
Functions
Sitting of Parliament
Structure
System of Government
Speaker of Parliament
The Cabinet
Leader of the House
Leader of the Opposition
Government Party Whip
Members of Parliament
Select Committees
Parliament Secretariat
Facilities
The Chamber
Architecture of the House
MPs
Please click the links on the right to find out more on MP related information.
Find MP(s) in My Constituency
List of Current MPs
Constituency Boundaries Map
Seating Plan
Composite Photos
Parliamentary Business
Please click the links on the right to access the various Parliamentary Business items.
Official Reports (Parl Debates)
Select Committee Reports
Bills Introduced
Votes & Proceedings
Order Papers
Papers Presented to Parliament
Standing Orders
Glossary
Select Committee on Deliberate Online Falsehoods – Causes, Consequences and Countermeasures
Newsroom
Please click the links on the right to find out more about events happening at Parliament.
Speaker's Blog
Events
Press Releases
Visit & Learn
Please click the links on the right to learn more about visiting Parliament.
Visiting
My Parliament Journey
Educational Resources
ParlConnect
Parliament Shop
History
Please click the links on the right to learn more about the history of Parliament.
List of Former Speakers
List of MPs By Parliament
Sessions of Parliament
Historical Development
History of the Mace
Proclamation of Independence
I am a ...
I am a Visitor
I wish to ...
Know more about Parliament
Book a tour
Visit Parliament House
I am a Researcher
I wish to ...
Access latest Official Report
Search for Official Reports
Search for Select Committee reports
Access Order Paper
Search for Bills
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This is a Government of Singapore digital service.
We may use "cookies", where a small data file is sent to your browser to store and track information about you when you enter our digital service. The cookie is used to track information such as the number of users and their frequency of use, profiles of users and their preferred digital services. While this cookie can tell us when you enter our digital services and which pages you visit, it cannot read data off your hard disk.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the digital service.
If you provide us with personally identifiable data
a)     Where appropriate, we may share necessary data with other Government agencies, so as to improve the discharge of public functions, and to serve you in the most efficient and effective way unless such sharing is prohibited by law.
b)     We will NOT share your Personal Data with non-Government entities, except where such entities have been authorised to carry out specific Government services.
c)     For your convenience, we may also display to you data you had previously supplied us or other Government Agencies.  This will speed up the transaction and save you the trouble of repeating previous submissions. Should the data be out-of-date, please supply us the latest data.
To safeguard your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data are secured with appropriate security technologies.
This digital service may contain links to non-Government digital services whose data protection and privacy practices may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of these other websites and encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those sites.
Please contact Parliament’s QSM at parl_cop@parl.gov.sg if you:
a)     have any enquires or feedback on our data protection policies and procedures,
b)     need more information on or access to data which you have provided to us in the past.
Careers
FAQs
Glossary
Sitemap
Contact Us
Green Dashboard
©2017 Singapore Parliament. All Rights Reserved.
Report Vulnerability
|
Privacy Statement
|
Terms of Use
|
Feedback
|
Rate This Website
This website is optimised for Chrome 68, 67, Safari 11, 10, Internet Explorer 11, 10, Firefox 61, 60 and Microsoft Edge 42, 41.
Last Updated 07/06/2019