http://www.stpauls.co.uk/terms-of-use
Home
Remember Me
Resource Hub
Staff & Volunteer Support Point
Visit Us
Mailing List
Who We Are & Contacts
Contact Us
Charity Ticket Requests
The Bishop of London
Members of Chapter
Minor Canons and Priest Vicar
Cathedral Governance
Ethical Investment
Annual Reports
Staff Portal
HR, policies
and how to guides
Wellbeing, support and learning for staff and volunteers
St Paul's Cathedral and its Land
Safeguarding
Media
2013
2012
Photography
Vacancies
Shop
Service Schedule
News
Videos
St Paul's Cathedral School
Web Access
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Statement of Investment
Principles
Cookies
Sitemap
Worship & Music
Worship
Dean's Welcome
Responding to COVID-19 pandemic
Online services
Daily reflections
US thanksgiving service 2020
Season of Remembrance 2020
Advent & Christmas 2020
Service Schedule
Choral Evensong at St Paul's
Virtual Pilgrimage
Special Services and Events
Choir of the Nation
Read Sermons
The Diocese of London
Cathedral Videos
Weddings & Baptisms
Confirmations
Music
Concerts & Events
Cathedral Choirs & Musicians
Choir & Organ Recordings
The Organs & Bells
Music Outreach
Visiting Choirs & Musicians
Support the Music
Service Schedule
Visit Us
About Your Visit
Sightseeing, Times & Prices
COVID-19 Updates: Keeping your visit safe
Christmas with St Paul's
Buy Tickets Online
St Paul's Shop online
Guided Tours
Multimedia Guides
Kids go free this Christmas
Experience St Paul's Cathedral online
Explore the Cathedral
Accessibility
Visitor Information
Photography at St Paul's
Group Visits
Travel Trade Visits
Terms and Conditions of Entry to St
Paul's Cathedral
Learning & Faith
Schools & Family Learning
Families
Distance Learning Resources
Primary Schools
Secondary Schools
GCSE: Visits and Resources
Self-Guided Visits
Virtual Visits
Booking a Visit
Access and SEND
Resources for Teachers
Adult Learning
Life in Abundance: New Online Events
Online Winter Bookclub
Specially-Commissioned Reflections
Black History Month
Hard Questions for Hard Times
Sunday Forum Films
Films & Podcasts
Faith
The Christian Faith
The Anglican Communion
The Church of England
St Paul's Institute
History & Collections
History
Cathedral Timeline
History Highlights
Explore the Cathedral
Online Exhibits with Google Art & Culture
London Craft Week 2020: Crafting St
Paul's
The Collections
Cathedral Art
Talks, Activities & Events
Collections Highlights
Collections database
The Library
The Object Collection
The Archives
Conservation
Image Requests
Support Us
Support Us
Donate to us
Delivering access for all at St Paul's
Become a Volunteer
Become a Friend
Leaving a Legacy
Trusts & Foundations
Conservation
Music & Choristers
Securing the tradition of sung worship at St Paul's
St Paul's Cathedral Trust in America
City Livery Companies
Corporate Partnerships
Venue Bookings
Venue Bookings
Quick Event Space Guide
Wren Suite
Crypt
Chapter House
Nelson Chamber
North Churchyard
Approved Caterers
Approved Suppliers
Home
Welcome to SM4!
Worship & Music
St Paul’s Cathedral has been here for over 1,400 years. It has been built and rebuilt five times, and always its main purpose has been as a
place of worship and prayer.
Visit Us
St Paul's, with its world-famous dome, is an iconic feature of the London skyline. Step inside and you can enjoy the Cathedral's awe-inspiring
interior, and uncover fascinating stories about its history.
Learning & Faith
Lifelong learning is a core part of the our work, delivered through a variety of events by St Paul's Institute, and the
Cathedral's Adult Learning and Schools & Family Learning departments.
History & Collections
For more than 1,400 years, a Cathedral dedicated to St Paul has stood at the highest point in the City. The present Cathedral is the
masterpiece of Britain's most famous architect Sir Christopher Wren.
Support Us
Behind the scenes, the cost of caring for St Paul's and continuing to deliver our central ministry and work is enormous and the generosity of
our supporters is critical.
Venue Bookings
Widely considered to be one of the world’s most beautiful buildings and a powerful symbol of the splendour of London, St Paul’s Cathedral is a
breathtaking events venue.
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Back to Home
Today at the Cathedral View More
10:00am
Doors open for sightseeing
12:30pm
Eucharist
4:00pm
Last entry for sightseeing
5:00pm
Choral Evensong
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use for the St Paul's Cathedral website. Please read these terms carefully before using this
website
Ownership
This Website belongs to the Corporation of the Cathedral Church of St Paul in London (also referred to in this website as "we", "us" or "St
Paul's").
Unless specifically stated otherwise, we are not responsible for the information relating to the St Paul's on the Website and make no warranty in
respect of its timeliness, accuracy or availability.
Legal Agreement
By entering the Website, or any page accessible on it you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions set out below ("the
Terms") without modification. By accessing and using the Website, you acknowledge that you are bound by the Terms.
If you do not wish to be bound by the Terms you should not access or use the Website.
We may modify the Terms in our absolute discretion from time to time without individual notice to you. You will be deemed to have accepted any
modifications if you continue to use the Website after they have been posted.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website, and all the information and graphic representations or images on it ("Content"), are owned by, or licensed to St Paul's. The copyright
and all other intellectual property rights in the Content are the sole and exclusive property of St Paul's or its licensors.
You may view the Website on your computer screen and print its contents on your printer for your personal and non-commercial use only. For the
avoidance of doubt, anything printed will form part of the Content.
Without our written consent, you may not use, transfer, copy or reproduce any part of the Content, the Website or its source HTML code in whole or
in part, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical or otherwise, except for the sole purpose of viewing its content. This includes
electronic reproduction by uploading or downloading.
You warrant that it is legal for you to view the Website in the jurisdiction to which you are subject. You are responsible for compliance with all
laws of that jurisdiction, in viewing or using the Content.
Using the Website
Wherever you are asked to provide information in connection with the Website, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete details.
You are not obliged to provide St Paul's with any optional information requested.
You agree not to:
impersonate another person or use a false name or a name you are unauthorised to use, or create a false identity or origin or e-mail address or
try to mislead us or others as to identity or origin of any communications or to provide inaccurate or unreliable contact details;
modify, access or make available data stored on a computer or other device that you access through the Website, when either the owner of the
data, computer or device has taken steps to prevent you from doing this or the owner has expressed a wish that you do not do this;
make available or upload files that contain software or other material, data or information not owned by or licensed to you or collect
information about others (such as names and addresses) without their prior consent;
damage, interfere with or disrupt access to the Website or do anything that might impair its functionality;
use the Website in any way to send unsolicited (commercial or otherwise) e-mail ("Spam") or any material for marketing or publicity purposes,
or any similar abuse of either;
publish, post, distribute, disseminate or otherwise transmit, defamatory offensive, infringing, obscene, indecent or other unlawful or
objectionable material or information;
make available, upload or distribute by any means any material or files that contain any viruses, bugs, corrupt data, trojan horses, worms, or
any other harmful software;
falsify the true ownership of software or other material or information contained in a file made available via the Website;
obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorised access, through whatever means, to the Website.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
You undertake to St Paul's that you will not use the Website for any purpose or in any way that is prohibited by these Terms or is otherwise
unlawful.
You agree to indemnify St Paul's its officers, employees, and licensors in respect of any loss that it or they may suffer as a result, directly or
indirectly, of any breach by you of this undertaking.
Our Use of Your Personal Details
Please see our Privacy Policy
Liability Disclaimer
You agree that you use the Website entirely at your own risk.
In preparing this Website, we have endeavoured to offer current, correct and clearly-expressed information. However, we cannot guarantee that the
information will be accurate, complete or current at all times and accept no liability for any reliance placed by any person on the information.
We make no representations or warranties of any kind about the suitability, reliability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information contained on
the Website for any purpose. We expressly disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including, without limitation,
warranties of technical efficiency, satisfactory quality, availability, non-infringement, completeness and fitness for a particular purpose.
We shall not be liable for any damages whatever, including but without limitation to damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of the
use or performance of the Website, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information obtained through the Website, or
otherwise arising out of the use of the Website, whether based on contract, tort, or otherwise, without limitation, even if we have been advised of
the possibility of damage.
If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole remedy, except as specifically provided in
these terms, is to stop using the Website.
Notwithstanding anything in these terms St Paul's does not disclaim liability for death or injury caused by its own negligence.
We reserve the right to remove any information or material on the Website without warning, and without prejudice to any other accrued rights, or
make available information or material when required to do so by law or when requested to do so by regulatory bodies or law enforcement
organisations.
Availability
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, your access to or use of the Website with or without notice.
Virus Protection and Compatibility
While certain precautions have been taken to detect computer viruses and ensure security, we cannot guarantee that the Website is virus-free and
secure.
We shall not be liable for any loss or damage that occurs as a result of any virus or breach of security. We give no warranties as to the
compatibility of the Website with your computer systems, software or hardware.
Links to Third Party Websites
The Website contain links to websites operated by parties other than St Paul's ("Third Party Websites"). These links are provided for your
convenience. When you activate one of them, you will leave the Website. We have no control over, and will accept no responsibility for or liability
in respect of, material on any website that is not under our control.
The inclusion of links to Third Party Websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on them or any association with their operators.
You shall not arrange for any Third Party Website to be connected to any part of the Website by way of hyperlink or otherwise without our written
consent.
Termination
St Paul's may restrict your access to the Website, refuse to correspond with you, or remove your details from any relevant database without
prejudice to any other accrued rights, without prior notice to you where:
there is a regulatory or statutory change limiting the ability to provide access to the Website;
there is any event beyond our reasonable control preventing us from providing access to the Website (for example, and without limitation,
technical difficulties, capacity problems and communications failures);
we considers in our sole discretion that you are abusing the Website or are otherwise acting in breach of these Terms.
Monitoring
We reserve the right to monitor and track your visits to the Website.
General
Unless otherwise specified, the Website is directed solely at those who access it from the United Kingdom. Those who choose to access the Website
from locations outside the United Kingdom are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws apply.
A failure or delay by St Paul's in enforcing compliance with these Terms shall not be a waiver of that or any other provision of these Terms. None
of these Terms shall be enforceable under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by any third party.
If any provision of these disclaimers and exclusions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, it shall be deemed severable and
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and St Paul's as to your use of the Website and shall supersede any prior agreement or
representation in that regard.
The express provisions of these Terms are in place of all warranties, conditions, terms, undertakings and obligations implied by statute, common
law, custom, trade usage, course of dealing or otherwise, all of which are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
All notices to be given by either of us to the other under or in connection with these Terms shall be deemed sufficiently given when forwarded by
e-mail or facsimile transmission in each case addressed to you at the e-mail address or facsimile number you have given us or to us at the e-mail
address or facsimile number displayed on the Website.
English law governs these terms and conditions. You submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Copyright and Trade Mark Notices
All contents of this website are: Copyright 2014 The Chapter of St Paul's Cathedral.
Share this content
Facebook
Twitter
StumbleUpon
Email
SERVICE SCHEDULE
BUY TICKETS
Annual Passes, Day & Gift Tickets
Buy your tickets here >
DONATE
Caring for the Cathedral
How you can help >
Home
Remember Me
Resource Hub
Staff & Volunteer Support Point
Visit Us
Mailing List
Who We Are & Contacts
Contact Us
Charity Ticket Requests
The Bishop of London
Members of Chapter
Minor Canons and Priest Vicar
Cathedral Governance
Ethical Investment
Annual Reports
Staff Portal
HR,
policies and how to guides
Wellbeing, support and learning for staff and volunteers
St Paul's Cathedral and its Land
Safeguarding
Media
2013
2012
Photography
Vacancies
Shop
Service Schedule
News
Videos
St Paul's Cathedral School
Web Access
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Statement of Investment
Principles
Cookies
Sitemap
St Paul's Cathedral
@StPaulsLondon
Follow us
© 2020 Copyright The Chapter of St Paul's Cathedral
Designed and built by Redwing Interactive