https://www.yogastudiostore.com/terms-and-conditions
Active CMS Builder
Home
Terms Conditions
Terms And Conditions
1. Who we are and how to contact us
The terms and conditions apply to the use of the yogastudiostore.com website. By placing an order with us, you are agreeing to accept these terms and conditions (Conditions). Please note, these Conditions are subject to change at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to check these Conditions regularly before ordering products in case there are any changes. If you do not agree with the Conditions set out below, you should not use or access this website. Your use of our website constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these Conditions. If you have any queries relating to the Conditions, please contact the customer care team before placing an order.
Who we are and how to contact us
www.yogastudiostore.com is a site operated by Lonach Investments Limited (we or us). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 4120697 and we have our registered office at C/O Schofields, Dean Park House, 8-10 Dean Park Cres, Bournemouth BH1 1HP. Our main trading address is Unit 1, 83 Ringwood Road, Poole, Dorset, BH14 0RH. Our VAT number is GB 744 5333 34 We are a limited company. To contact us, please email info@yogastudiostore.com or telephone our customer service line on +44 (0)1202 721 912.
By using our site you accept these terms
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site. We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.
There are other terms that may apply to you
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site: • Our Privacy Policy which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. • Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site. When using our site, you must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy. • Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site. If you purchase goods from our site, our Terms and conditions of supply will apply to the sales.
We may make changes to these terms
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms which apply at that time. These terms were most recently updated on 20 July 2016.
We may make changes to our site
We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users' needs and our business priorities. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any major changes.
We may suspend or withdraw our site
Our site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
You must keep your account details safe
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use. If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at info@yogastudiostore.com.
How you may use material on our site
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a license to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Do not rely on information on this site
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date. We are not responsible for websites we link to Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, such as those listed in our Events page; these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Occasionally, an error may occur and goods may be either incorrectly priced or described in which case we will not be obliged to supply the goods at the incorrect price or in accordance with the incorrect description or at all. We reserve the right to correct any errors from time to time. We will (at our discretion) either cancel your order and refund the price you have paid or use reasonable endeavours to contact you and ask you whether you wish to continue with the order at the correct price or correct description. If we are unable to contact you or you do not wish to continue with the order at the correct price or correct description, we will cancel your order and refund the price you have paid.
User-generated content is not approved by us
This website may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the site.. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values. If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users please contact us.
Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you - whether you are a consumer or a business user: • We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. • Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products to you, which will be set out in our Terms and conditions of supply If you are a business user: • We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it. • We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: • Use of, or inability to use, our site; or use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
In particular, we will not be liable for: • Loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; • Business interruption; • Loss of anticipated savings; • Loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or • Any indirect or consequential loss or damage. • We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
If you are a consumer user: • Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. • If defective digital content which we have supplied damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage which you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage which was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.
Uploading content to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty. Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of our site a limited license to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in the next paragraph. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy. You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content. Rights you are giving us to use material you upload When you upload or post content to our site, you grant us, and represent that you have the right to grant us, a non-transferable, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license to exercise any and all copyright, publicity, trademarks, design, database and intellectual property rights to that content in order to publish, reproduce and use for promotional purposes it for the purposes of the buying, making available for sale and selling of our products or in connection with the promotion of our site and any future successors in title of our site.
We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Rules about linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy. If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact info@yogastudiostore.com.
Which country's laws apply to any disputes?
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Acceptable use policy This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website www.yogastudiostore.com (our site). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site. Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our terms of website use. www.yogastudiostore.com is a site operated by Lonach Investments Limited (we or us). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 4120697 and we have our registered office at C/O Schofields, Dean Park House, 8-10 Dean Park Cres, Bournemouth BH1 1HP. Our main trading address is Unit 1, 83 Ringwood Road, Poole, Dorset, BH14 0RH. Our VAT number is GB 744 5333 34.
Prohibited uses You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site: • In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation. • In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect. • For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way. • To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards. • To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam). • To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. You also agree: • Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our terms of website use. • Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: • any part of our site; • any equipment or network on which our site is stored; • any software used in the provision of our site; or • any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Interactive services We may from time to time provide interactive services on our site. Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical). We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we may provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not. The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them. Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Content standards These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (contributions). You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole. Contributions must: • Be accurate (where they state facts). • Be genuinely held (where they state opinions). • Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted. Contributions must not: • Contain any material which is defamatory of any person. • Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory. • Promote sexually explicit material. • Promote violence. • Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age. • Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person. • Be likely to deceive any person. • Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence. • Promote any illegal activity. • Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety. • Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person. • Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person. • Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case. • Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Suspension and termination We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.  Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions: • Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site. • Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site. • Issue of a warning to you. • Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach. • Further legal action against you. • Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary. We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate. By clicking the 'Accept' button you agree to these terms and conditions. By completing and submitting the electronic order form (or proceeding through the 'checkout process') you are making an offer to purchase goods which, if accepted by us, will result in a binding contract. Neither submitting an electronic order form or completing the checkout process constitutes our acceptance of your order.
Promotional Codes & Discounts
Promotion codes are only valid for orders placed online.
Promotion codes entitle you, at the time of ordering, to a saving on a new order placed with Yoga Studio.
Yoga Studio reserves the right to decline to accept orders where, in its opinion, a promotion code is invalid for the order being placed.
Promotion codes are only valid on specific products while stocks last and may be withdrawn at any time.
Only one promotion code can be used per order.
Promotion codes are not valid in conjunction with any other promotion. Offer is not valid on sale items or other discounted items.
In the event of product returns, refunds will be given for cash used in the original purchase once the discount is applied, less any shipping, gift wrap or gift card costs charged on the original order.
In the event of part of the order being returned, the value of the discount applied on that order will be spread between the goods proportionately. The sum in cash exceeding this value, less any shipping, gift wrap or gift card costs charged on the original order, will be returned to the customer. The promotional discount will not be applied to replacement items, if the offer is still valid at the time of making a return - you should place a new order using the original promotional code.
In the event of part of the order being returned, the value of the promotion code will be deemed to be spread between the goods proportionately. The sum in cash exceeding this value, less any delivery costs charged on the original order, will be returned to the customer.
In the event of any returns meaning that the order no longer qualifies for the promotion advertised, Yoga Studio reserves the right to deduct the value of the offer from the refund.
In promotions where there is a free or half price item when purchasing multiple items, please note that the discount will be applied to the cheapest item.
Yoga Studio reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time.
Changes to the acceptable use policy We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
INFORMATION
Orders & Payments
Returns & Exchanges
FAQ's
Shipping
Wholesale Orders
Contact Us
MORE INFO
Terms & Conditions
Security & Privacy
Accessibility
Gift Wrapping
Yoga Mat Buyers Guide
Browse Our Catalogues
ABOUT US
Who We Are
Book A Class
Careers
Buy A Gift Card
Blog
To Top