https://www.gsrnh.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Firm Overview
Practice Areas
Attorneys
Clients
Publications
Contact Us
Pay Online
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Goldstine, Skrodzki, Russian, Nemec and Hoff, Ltd. (“we” or "us"). This privacy policy is intended both to: 1) describe how our website may collect and use information from your Internet enabled device (i.e. your computer, tablet, smartphone or other device — and browsers or apps used to access the Internet), and 2) describe how you may opt out of any such collection and use. Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy policy. Data collection and cookies. Features or partners of our website may collect data including, but not limited to: the number of visitors to our site, the time spent on our site and pages clicked, the types of devices used to access our site, and the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of visitors. We use this information to improve our website and marketing. This data is collected by sending cookies (or similar tracking technology) to your device. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; if you previously provided personally identifiable information, however, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties; and this privacy policy does not cover third parties’ use of cookies. You may configure your device to limit or prevent access by cookies, such as to notify you when you receive a cookie, to block all cookies, or to delete existing cookies. Partners and features that collect information. Our website marketing partners or features that collect data as described above may include, among others, Google Analytics, other analytics programs, and Google AdWords remarketing service. Remarketing involves tracking devices that have visited our website in order to display ads for our services on other websites. Use these links to learn how Google uses data it collects, to prevent Google Analytics from using data from your device, or to opt out of Google’s interest-based ads. Information you send us. Please see our disclaimer, which generally addresses information you intentionally send us using e-mail or any contact form on this website. If you submit your name or contact information to us, we may use it to send you information about our services. You may opt out of receiving further information from us by contacting us or, where applicable, by using an “unsubscribe” option included in our communications. We will not sell or give your personally identifying information to other parties for their own direct advertising purposes. For California residents. As described above, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for their own use in direct marketing. The information above also explains how you may opt out of permitting our website or partners from collecting information from your device. Changes to this policy. We reserve the right to update this policy. If we make updates, we will change the modification date below. Last modified. October 23, 2018
For More Information
*
First
*
CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Practice Areas
We are uniquely staffed to handle most types of legal matters—whether personal or business related—within our main practice areas:
Business and Corporate Law
Construction Law
Employment and Labor Law
Estate Planning, Tax and Probate
Family Law
Land Use and Development; Local Government
Litigation
Real Estate Law
Transportation Law
Eminent Domain/Condemnation
Firm News
6
Five Tips for Estate Planning During an Election Year
November 6th, 2020
As America patiently waits for the election results to unfold over the next week, here are five important estate planning “tips” and considerations to review.
Read More
16
Illinois Contract Law on Force Majeure, Impossibility, Impracticability and Commercial Frustration in The Age of Covid-19
June 16th, 2020
The stay-at-home orders, social distancing, and other protocols arising from the COVID-19 pandemic (collectively, “COVID-19 Orders”), have impacted many parties’ abilities to comply with existing.
Read More
Read More Firm News
Attorneys There are no shortcuts or compromises at Goldstine, Skrodzki, Russian, Nemec and Hoff, Ltd. Our attorneys respectfully listen to their clients, anticipate their needs and work diligently to provide sound and practical legal advice. Read more Clients Our attorneys represent a vast array of clients, from individuals to closely-held businesses and publicly-traded companies to municipalities. Read more
The Prairie Building
835 McClintock Drive
Second Floor
Burr Ridge, IL 60527
Phone:
(630) 655-6000
© 2020 Goldstine, Skrodzki, Russian, Nemec and Hoff, Ltd. View Our Disclaimer | Privacy Policy Law Firm Website Design by The Modern Firm
Copyright © 2020
Goldstine, Skrodzki, Russian, Nemec and Hoff, Ltd.