https://www.rcpcfairbanks.org/privacy-policy/
Resource Center for Parents and Children > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
NOTICE OF PRIVACY POLICIES OF RESOURCE CENTER FOR PARENTS AND CHILDREN
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.rcpcfairbanks.org (the “Site”).
Agencies conducting financial/service transactions with clients,supporters and donors are required to inform their clients and supporters of policies regarding privacy of client information. We, the Resource Center for Parents and Children, carefully safeguard the confidentiality of information provided to us by our clients and supporters, and are bound by our professional standards to continue to maintain this vital aspect of our professional relationships.
I. Acquisition of Client/Supporter Information
Our agency collects nonpublic personal information about our clients and supporters from the following sources:
· Information You Provide: Our client and supporter engagements routinely require us to obtain private nonpublic information about individuals receiving support and services from the agency and from individuals supporting our agency through donations of goods, services and cash income. This information is necessary so that we can proceed with the various services and supports we provide for our clients as a part of the professional relationships.
· Other Sources: Depending on the particular service a client has engaged in within the agency, we may request nonpublic information concerning the matter at hand. This information is never obtained without our client’s specific authorization for the type of information and the source(s) from which it may be obtained.
II. Disclosure of Nonpublic Information
Our agency policy is never to disclose nonpublic information about our clients. Nonpublic personal information is defined by regulation as any publicly available information that we acquire by using the information that you have provided by us in connection with any professional services we perform for you, which is not public information. An example would be a birth date or social security number that is somehow used to acquire information regarding a court trial or other public record that would not have been found by us without using the information provided by you. In a generic sense, any information that a client provides us that involves the provision of program supports or services is considered nonpublic personal information and receives the same protections from disclosure as all other information about our clients or supporters. For purposes of our business relationships with our clients and supporters, all information acquired is disclosed only under the following conditions:
· Employees of the agency: Employees who need such information to provide supports or services, maintain agency records or perform administrative duties regarding agency services.
· Service Providers: as with any business, we have our own accounting, insurance, computer technicians and other service firms that we may need to provide information that the regulations consider nonpublic personal information. An example might be information your payment for parenting classes that is paid for by credit card or a supporters banking information that is on their donation check is supplied to the accounting firm for bookkeeping purposes. We have always insisted that any entity performing a service for this agency sign confidentiality agreements and contractual agreements and abide by Federal Trade Commission Regulations.
· Mandated Reporters: All staff volunteers and board members affiliated with the Resource Center for Parents and Children are mandated reporters regarding reasonable concerns of child abuse or neglect. It is required by State of Alaska Statute that these concerns be reported to the Office of Children’s Services and/or law enforcement. In these instances some nonpublic personal information may be provided to the authorities.
· The agency must comply with all court ordered subpoenas requesting program records.
· Others: other than those stated above, we do not disclose any nonpublic personal information or any other information, to any outside party without specific client authorization.
III. Security Arrangements
The Resource Center for Parents and Children maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect our client and donor nonpublic personal information and any other information obtained, to ensure our clients that their privacy is a major part of the agency’s commitment to provide the finest services and supports possible.
· All information and data required for service provision is subject to rules regulated under the Federal HIPPA law. Clients are provided with HIPPA information and sign a HIPPA consent form acknowledging they have received a copy of the agency privacy practices.
· Information regarding credit card payments through the RCPC website and the Pick, Click and Give program is not obtained or kept by the agency. Other donor information is entered into the agency donor database and used for fundraising and newsletter mail outs only.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a donation or attempt to make a donation through the Site, we collect certain information from you via the Squareup website, including, name, mailing address, email address, and phone number.
We refer to this information as “Donation Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Donation Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Donation Information that we collect generally to track who our donors are. Additionally, we use this Donation Information to:
– Communicate with you;
– Screen our donations for potential risk or fraud; and
– When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information relating to our programs or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
For example, we use Squareup to power our donation process–you can read more about how Squareup uses your Personal Information here:
https://squareup.com/legal/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
IV. Opt Out Provision
The federal trade Commission regulations provide that this notice must include a provision for you to request that the firm not release your nonpublic personal information. While such a request is unnecessary, because the firm does not disclose this information in a manner that would allow you to opt out, in the interests of satisfying regulations, we include this opt out provision.
Please call us at (907) 456-2866 if you have any questions. Your privacy, our professional standard and the ability to provide you with quality professional services is very important to us.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at rcpc@rcpcfairbanks.org or by mail using the details provided below:
726 26th Ave, Suite 2
Fairbanks, AK 99701