http://www.123cacher.com/terms.htm
Choose locationChoose location
Paris (75)
Charenton-le-Pont (94)
Levallois-Perret (92)
Créteil (94)
Sarcelles (95)
Marseille (13)
New search:
restaurant
delivery
DeliveryPick-up
Home
123Cacher
Terms and Conditions
Terms and conditions - 02/11/2019
NESS INTERACTIVE, Limited Liability Company with a capital of € 10,000, whose registered office is in Paris (75008) - 37 bis, rue de Ponthieu, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number B 442 314 910, manages the website www.123cacher.com, which includes a directory of kosher restaurants in France, and a customer area to publish a rating, book a table or order a kosher meal online (to pick-up or delivery).
By signing up on 123Cacher, you become a customer. You agree to comply with all the conditions listed below. 123Cacher reserves the right to temporarily disable or delete the account of any person who does not observe any of the following conditions or any other person deemed undesirable.
The 123Cacher customer area is only accessible to people over 18 years old.
People under 18 wishing to become a customer must have parental permission to register on 123Cacher and use the services offered on this site.
The registration to one or more services of 123Cacher as well as the use of this site imply full acceptance of these conditions by the customer. By ticking the box indicating the phrase "I have read and accepted the TOS, the policy on privacy and cookies", located at the bottom of the registration page to validate it, the customer acknowledges that it is held by all the provisions of these terms of use.
All uses of your personal information are subject to
Cookies Policy
and
Privacy and Data Privacy Policy of private life .
By the taking of any order, by the publication of a notice, by the reservation of table, you expressly accept the application of the CGPS specified below.
Definitions
123Cacher represents the website available at www.123cacher.com or www.123cacher.fr, or 123Cacher mobile applications, which lists kosher restaurants in France. However, 123Cacher can not guarantee the accuracy of the published data. Therefore, 123Cacher can not be held responsible for any errors, omissions, inaccuracies, inactuality of the information contained in the site.
123Cacher is an intermediary allowing you to transmit your Orders for items (to deliver and / or take away), or your table reservations from restaurants that are our partners present on 123Cacher.
Customer (s) means all users of the 123Cacher service who have registered and have accepted this regulation.
Access and 123Cacher Signup
Equipment (smartphone, tablet, computer, software, means of telecommunication ...) allowing access to the services are the exclusive responsibility of the customer, as well as the telecommunication costs induced by their use.
The customer guarantees that the data he communicates are accurate and in keeping with reality. He undertakes to inform 123Cacher without delay in case of modification of the data he has communicated during his registration and if necessary to proceed himself to the said modifications.
When the conditions required for registration are met, each customer has a login (login email) and a password, which are strictly personal and confidential and which should not be communicated or shared with third parties. In no event shall 123Cacher be liable for the loss of its identifiers and / or passwords by the customer.
In the event that a customer distributes or uses these elements contrary to their destination, 123Cacher reserves the right to terminate ipso jure and without notice the customer's account.
The customer will be solely responsible for the use of these identifiers by third parties or actions or statements made through his account, whether fraudulent or not. It guarantees 123Cacher against any request in this respect. In addition, since 123Cacher does not have the means to ensure the identity of people signing up for its services, it is not responsible in case of spoofing the identity of a customer. If the customer has reason to believe that a person is using his identification or account, he should immediately inform 123Cacher.
The client authorizes 123Cacher to display on its website the photos and videos where it is located during each event sponsored, organized, or sponsored by 123Cacher, or more generally by the company NESS INTERACTIVE.
When a customer wishes to provide 123Cacher the contact details of a third party, he undertakes to have previously obtained from the latter consent to the processing of his data by 123Cacher. He is also exclusively responsible with regard to 123Cacher from this third party, the consequences of the transmission to 123Cacher coordinates.
123Cacher reserves the right to delete accounts from customers who have not used the service for a period of 6 months or more, or if they have not yet visited their account 10 days after their registration. The end date of use of the service taken into account for the calculation of the duration of the period is defined as follows: the date of the last connection to the 123Cacher service.
Using 123Cacher
Once registered, the customer has access to the services available on 123Cacher. As part of the use of the services, the customer agrees in particular to respect the following rules:
Comply with applicable laws and respect the rights of third parties
Do not use 123Cacher for business or commercial purposes (prospecting, soliciting or prostitution)
Do not use 123Cacher in order to gather customers for any event without the prior written consent of the company NESS INTERACTIVE
Do not provide 123Cacher false, fraudulent or illegal information
Do not advertise independently
Ne pas tenter de perturber le bon fonctionnement de 123Cacher, notamment en effectuant des visites fictives ou virus
Do not file a notice that:
Constitute defamation, insult or notice that may offend the sensitivity of certain customers
Promote, support or invite violent or discriminatory behavior
Achieve intellectual property rights or property rights over a third party trademark
Constitute the breach of a contractual clause or a legal obligation of confidentiality
Promote any illegal, unauthorized or dangerous activity
Submit a case of violation of the privacy of others
Give an impression that this advice is the result of our own services or commits us
Impersonate, or misrepresent your relationship with a third party
Customer Reviews may also be removed because they relate to the 123Cacher service and not the restaurant, because they are the result of no order, or are based on circumstances that are too imprecise for the notice is useful to other customers.
Once online, a notice can not be changed. However, if the author wishes, he has the option to delete it from his client area.
We reserve the right to immediately and without notice withdraw any notice that does not comply with these rules. In addition, we take no responsibility whatsoever for monitoring customer opinions and the user remains solely responsible for the legal or harmful consequences of the customer information that he / she transmits to us and visible on the site with respect to third parties, are they other users of our website. Reviews are removed but never changed.
The customer reviews available on 123Cacher are intended for simple information for users. They may not be objective, and do not involve any advice from us. These are opinions that reflect the opinions, the experience of other customers who have ordered on the website, or elsewhere, and who commit only these. Accordingly, 123Cacher is in no way responsible towards any person (customer, restaurants, third party) opinions, advice, opinions, including including any opinion biased, inaccurate, false, defamatory, insulting, with omissions that could to be consulted on 123Cacher.
The author of the notice can possibly be contacted by email or phone.
Without prejudice to the provisions of the Article Termination, in case of breach by a customer to one or more of these rules, 123Cacher reserves the right to delete the accounts of the customers concerned, and / or block access to all or part services, temporarily or permanently, without consideration, compensation or reimbursement. The customer will have lost any advantage to which he was entitled (Loyalty Points, Coupon Code, Sponsorship, etc.).
You are informed and you agree that we will cooperate, where appropriate, and at their request, within the applicable legal frameworks, with any request for communication with any administrative or judicial authority holding a right of communication, which would solicit the revelation of the origin and the identity of the issuer of a "customer information" of which we would be the addressee and which would contravene any legal or regulatory obligation, and you accept from now on that our responsibility can not be engaged in any way in case of respect of a right of communication of an administrative or judicial authority.
Orders
Before placing an order, you firmly and uniquely assume that:
You have full enjoyment and exercise to contract with 123Cacher
You are over 18
You allow 123Cacher to access your profile information on social networks if you link them to your 123Cacher account
Orders relating to alcoholic beverage:
In accordance with the ordinance n ° 59-107 of January 7th, 1959, and according to the article L. 80 of the code of the bar of drinks and the measures against the alcoholism, the sale of alcohol to the minors is prohibited.
Alcohol abuse is dangerous for health. Know how to consume and enjoy in moderation. By the mere fact of placing an order on 123Cacher, you expressly waive the benefit of article 1587 of the Civil Code, which provides that the conclusion of the sale of wine becomes final only after tasting and approval of the buyer.
Any order placed on behalf of a minor, or on his behalf, and containing one or more alcoholic beverages if we are aware of it, will be refused. It is your responsibility to comply with the foregoing provisions and, where applicable, their breach engages your exclusive personal liability.
Discounts, coupons, discounts
123Cacher allows you to accumulate loyalty points that can be converted into a purchase order, or a coupon code that allows you to have discounts on your order.
Such discounts may also be subject to additional Special Conditions which will modify or supplement these terms and which will be specified on the Coupon or at the time the Coupon is issued.
These points are earned by booking a table in a partner restaurant (on confirmation from the latter), by notifying us of the content or by helping us to update the information of the site, by ordering online, by posting a rating on a restaurant. Caution, if you already published a review on a restaurant before one year, point are note accumulated.
Except in the case of express specific conditions, discounts may only be exchanged for the value of food and beverages (including VAT) in online orders made on 123Cacher, but they may not be used to pay delivery, possible order management fees or payment charges on the site.
The loyalty points expire after 30 days, and discounts must be used before the deadline indicated when they are published by entering the coupon code. They expire after this date.
A discount can only be used if the value of the order excluding delivery charges exceeds the value of the discount, the balance being paid online. In addition, the outstanding balance must be equal to or greater than the minimum transaction value imposed by the credit card system manager.
Coupon codes are only valid for one use.
In the event that more than 2,000 coupon codes are used by customers, 123Cacher reserves the right to terminate the operation of the promo code system regardless of the expiration date.
The right to use a promo code is personal to the original recipient and can not be transferred. The copy, reproduction, distribution, publication or use directly or indirectly, in any form and by any means, by any entity other than the original recipient or storage in a data retrieval system, without our written permission is totally forbidden. In particular, coupons distributed or distributed without our written approval, for example on an Internet forum or a bargain website, are not valid for use and may be refused or canceled without any consideration.
Coupons can not be used in conjunction with other coupons or other discounts or promotions planned or advertised elsewhere.
When you use a voucher, you guarantee that you are the duly authorized beneficiary and that you use it in accordance with these conditions, legally and in good faith. If we believe, in our sole discretion, that a coupon is used in violation of these terms, unlawfully, unlawfully, fraudulently or in bad faith, we may refuse or cancel the coupon.
Coupons, coupons or promo codes can not be redeemed for cash and are not transferable.
We will not be liable for any loss or claim arising from the rejection, rejection, cancellation or withdrawal of any coupon, and the inability or inability of a customer to use a coupon for some reason.
We reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to add or modify these terms and conditions with respect to the use of coupons or to modify or terminate the operation of a good anytime without notice.
Online order
Once you have selected the items of the restaurant and you have provided the other necessary information, you will have the opportunity to validate your order by clicking on a button "validate" (or any similar button). We ask you to check the order list at this point. After clicking, your order is generated permanently and automatically from the restaurant and nothing can cancel or modify it.
No refunds are admissible. If you want to rectify an order, you can still contact our customer service without delay on the
Contact Us
page, who will try to contact the restaurant to cancel the order or get approval. a modification of the order placed before its treatment.
Any order, after confirmation, from you, will be final only after confirmation of payment when payment on 123Cacher is chosen. No delivery by 123Cacher or its partners will intervene without payment.
The restaurant may refuse for exceptional reasons (order processing time, order time, absence of raw materials ...) orders. As soon as your order is validated on 123Cacher and payment confirmed if necessary, it will be sent to the restaurant. Note that any confirmation of your order from us, or any confirmation of payment does not imply a confirmation of processing of the order from the restaurant. Our policy is to obtain a confirmation as quickly as possible of the order placed by the restaurant and we inform you as soon as possible of the status of your order. Nevertheless, this information depends essentially on the restaurant.
The delivery or delivery times indicated by the Restaurant or 123Cacher are purely indicative. Any delay on this estimated time does not authorize the cancellation of the order nor any claim indemnity.
Prices are those indicated on 123Cacher and expressed in Euros. These prices include VAT but may exclude delivery costs and any administrative costs or fees related to internet payment. These amounts are added to the price of the items ordered.
123Cacher contains a large number of items for a large number of restaurants and so it is possible that errors slip into the menus and their description. If the actual price is higher than the posted price, and we notice it, we will notify you to obtain your agreement on the price supplement. However, neither 123Cacher nor the restaurant can be held under any circumstances to deliver the item purchased at a wrong price.
The means of payment authorized are, when the restaurant accepts it: credit or debit cards, payment in cash or payment by check or restaurant ticket.
If you pay by credit or debit card, or by check, the restaurant may ask you to present the credit card, any piece of identification in case of payment by check may be requested for a payment of more than 15 €. In case of payment by credit card, depending on the debit terms on your account and payment process, the time between the actual debit transaction of your bank account and the withdrawal of your bank account can take up to 60 days . It is your responsibility to check your statements.
Discount coupons, offers sponsorship, loyalty program or the use of promotion code recognized by the website may allow discounts on orders.
Due to the banking practices in force, at the time of your payment by internet, your bank can isolate from your funds available on your account the sum corresponding to the payment to intervene. In case of cancellation of your order whatever the reason, this sum will be allocated again on your account according to the delays which vary but in principle of 3 to 5 Working days and which depend on the bank. Whatever the period, neither 123Cacher nor the restaurant is responsible in any respect for the damage suffered as a result of this withdrawal to the customer's bank account in the event of cancellation of the order.
We reserve the right to refuse any new order from a previous customer with whom a payment dispute has occurred.
In the event that you are not satisfied with the quality of the items or the service of the restaurant, you have the right to make comments by using the page
posting a notice . These comments are an important guarantee of our control of the quality of the services received.
If you are dissatisfied with the performance of a restaurant to the point of requesting a reduction, refund or compensation of any kind, please contact our customer service within 48 hours of the order. A later claim will not be received. This service will try to assist you in your requests. If this seems legitimate, our assistance may include, on a commercial basis and without acknowledgment of any responsibility on our part, compensation from us or from the restaurant. Nevertheless, we have no direct control over the restaurant, which is solely responsible for the quality of the items and services it carries out, and that apart from the strict cases set by law, our responsibility can not be sought for any compensation for the performance of a restaurant, not for the restaurant, or in a personal capacity.
Exclusion of liability
We try to provide accurate information, but can not guarantee that it is true or complete. We may change at any time the content of this information, their presentation, the content of our services, articles, prices, without notice. The informative content may not be updated, but we do not make any commitment as such, and disclaim any liability. Notices and customer notes do not in any way constitute objective information that we have verified and which commits us.
We do our best so that the descriptions, the compositions of the dishes, their prices, the special offers and their conditions, their hot, spicy character, and warnings concerning certain allergies which are communicated to us by the restaurants, are as precise as possible. . Nevertheless, the restaurants are the only ones responsible for the veracity of this information and the maintenance, without modification, of the compositions announced in the menu. We do not guarantee any menu compositions. Anyone experiencing an allergy is, in case of doubt about a composition, a warning about a menu allergy, very strongly invited to obtain prior confirmation of the restaurant before any order by contacting him directly, or by contacting our customer service who will attempt to obtain an express confirmation before ordering.
The service contract for the supply (and delivery if applicable) of the articles is between You and the restaurant. The restaurant you choose is an independent merchant, separate from 123Cacher and our company and over which we have no control. By using our order service you accept irrevocably and firmly:
That we do not guarantee the quality, adequacy and / or edibility of the items provided by the Restaurant
Delivery or preparation times are restaurant estimates and remain mere non-contractual estimates
We insist restaurants to systematically accept all orders from our customers and that they quickly confirm them (or their refusal), without any guarantee of confirmation time
We send you their acceptance or refusal by phone, email or SMS
None of the foregoing provisions deprives the customer of the legal rights which are his restaurant or 123Cacher
123Cacher provides a service accessible by internet for which our company excludes any guarantee, any responsibility, any statement or commitment in relation to the operation, the accessibility or the non accessibility of the 123Cacher site and the service, outside these CGU, this exclusion having for only fixed limits those fixed by the imperative laws. Consequently, no extension of the terms of responsibility by application of suppletive rules drawn from the silence of the present general conditions will not be applicable to assess the field of responsibility of 123Cacher, and any silence of the present TOS regarding any right of the client must be interpreted as a deprivation of such a right, subject to a mandatory text on this subject.
Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit our liability for any damage that may be caused or the result of negligence, misrepresentation, fraud, or in the case of fraud.
The compensation of the following damages for any contractual liability of 123Cacher is excluded, even if our liability would be incurred and the damage would be foreseeable:
Loss of profits, loss of sales or income
Loss or corruption of data, information, programs
Losses of business and professional or business opportunities
Losses on earnings, savings or potential reductions
Any loss of know-how
Any cost, indirect loss and "consequential" damages, according to the case law
Any liability incurred against us, assuming it to be well-founded, is strictly limited to the lower of the following two sums: either twice the amount of your order, or 100 €. This clause is discarded only in the case of Dol.
You agree to defend, indemnify and indemnify 123Cacher and / or its respective licensors and affiliates, directors, administrators, legal representatives, contractors, partners, partners, employees from any loss, liability, against any express or potential claim of compensation that would be generated or that would result from the non-observance of any of these conditions of use appearing in the TOS and having violated the rights of Tiers, in France or abroad. This warranty covers any claim for third-party injury and includes costs and expenses incurred by the warranties, including reasonable defense costs for defending them. 123Cacher reserves the right to take the lead of such a defense and to compromise on any matter in which it would be called by a Third Party for the facts referred to above, and the customer involved undertakes to collaborate fully with 123Cacher to put an end to this dispute and will remain the guarantor for the whole.
Ragins
Once your opinion is completed, the click that you will execute on the button Validate (or similar) will constitute the validation of your opinion and will be worth full and unreserved acceptance of these conditions of use.
123Cacher collects, moderates and publishes consumer reviews from its own website.
The opinions collected come from people identified and identifiable by the orders and bookings they have made on 123Cacher, or by adding the photo of the receipt in case of free notice.
Only the opinions relating to an order validated and delivered, to a reservation of table confirmed by the restaurant, or by the diffusion of the photo of the receipt in the case of a free opinion are taken into account.
A notice can be broken down into two parts: the filing of a written comment and / or the rating of the order on the basis of evaluation criteria.
123Cacher collects opinions on its restaurants and ensures, via its collection form, that the person who has spoken has personally experienced consumption of the service to which his opinion relates.
In accordance with French Standard NF Z 74-501, 123Cacher gives the possibility to the author of the opinion, to bring evidence of his consumption experience by sending documents by form or email, specifying the date of publication and the object noted with our customer service, available on the page Contact us, without the contribution of proof can allow the author to modify his opinion.
Moderation consists of accepting or rejecting a comment. 123Cacher undertakes to:
Do not touch, nor modify any element of the review published by the customer
Publish within 72 hours maximum an opinion accepted after writing by the author
This reviews will not be accepted:
Not related to an accurate and identifiable ordering experience
Being offensive, rude, defamatory, hateful of race or ethnicity
Mentioning 123Cacher and / or its service (the notice is intended to note only the restaurant service)
Referring to health problems following an ordering experience, type food poisoning. The source of the problem can not be clearly identified
Referring to the presence of foreign bodies found in an order. The source of the problem can not be clearly identified
Establishing a comparison between a restaurant and one of its competitors or other catering establishment
Presence of personal information to identify the customer (phone number, address, name, prenemon ...)
For each notice filed, it is possible to report an abuse via the present link by precisely motivating the reasons for the abuse.
Reviews are published by default from most recent to oldest. Also on the site 123Cacher, the number of written comments filed at the level of the restaurant record.
The duration of posting on the site 123Cacher opinions is limited. This is to offer only the most recent reviews. The restoration, especially delivered, evolves rapidly and a notice dating from several years does not make sense. Reviews are removed from the 123Cacher site after 12 months of online publication.
123Cacher offers the opportunity for consumers to rate their shopping experience on the basis of several criteria, namely: cuisine, service, rates, frame ...
The scores for each criterion are automatically calculated based on the answers provided by consumers and are collected through a multiple choice form.
Some restaurants with the Resto Gold label, awarded only to restaurants with an average rating greater than or equal to 4/5 in the last 90 days.
A consumer who is preparing to file a notice undertakes to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. In particular, it undertakes not to broadcast any comments, images, or URLs to sites offering content that would be, without this list being exhaustive:
Injurious, derogatory, defamatory, threatening, racist, xenophobic, undermining the honor, integrity or reputation of others
Incentives for discrimination, hatred on the basis of ethnicity, ethnicity, ethnicity, nation, race or religion, pornography or pedophilia
Incentives to commit crimes, crimes, acts of terrorism, apology for war crimes or crimes against humanity, suicide, more generally contrary to the laws and regulations in force, public order and morality
A moderation of each notice is carried out and may result in the rejection and non-publication of a notice that does not respect these Terms. As such, notices that are not written correctly, in understandable language and understandable by other Internet users, will not be published.
When filing a notice, will appear on the site 123Cacher, your first name and the first letter of your name, and your photo if you chose to publish one. This will guarantee you some anonymity if you wish.
Your data are only processed for the following purposes:
They are necessary to create and manage your customer account and make you benefit from the features of the site 123Cacher and more particularly for the deposit, posting and sharing of content as part of a notice filing
Your email address or other personally identifiable information will not be used without your consent, except as part of a specific feature that you can enable or disable
Your data are not subject to any communication to third parties
Right of reply of the restaurant
Each restaurant has a right of reply to:
Give his version of the facts
Thank the consumer for his contribution
Indicate any changes that have occurred in the restaurant since the writing of the notice
The right of reply must be exercised within 3 months of the publication of the notice to which it responds through the back office (Extranet) 123Cacher.
The answer must comply with the provisions of these Terms and will be moderated under the same conditions as the customer's notices and published as appropriate after the notice to which it responds.
Bookings
123Cacher allows the customer to search and book a table in a restaurant. As an intermediary, 123Cacher can not be held responsible for a reservation validated by the restaurant on 123Cacher and refused to the customer upon arrival at the restaurant, or by the non-application of a promotion published on 123Cacher.
Once the reservation is validated by the restaurant, the customer will receive an email / SMS (according to its parameters) containing information about the reservation (location, date, time, number of covers ...). It is up to the customer to check the information in this message and to report to the restaurant as soon as possible any forgetting or error.
In the event that the customer does not receive confirmation by email / SMS, the customer is invited to contact the restaurant as soon as possible to obtain confirmation from the restaurant.
The customer can cancel the reservation but can not change it. If he wishes to modify an order, he must first cancel it and make a new one.
The customer is informed that the modification of the reservation is subject to the availability of cutlery of the restaurant.
In accordance with Article L221-28, 12 ° of the Consumer Code, the customer has no right of withdrawal for the provision of catering services provided at a specified date or period.
In case of a number of abusive "no-show", ie reservations of tables where the customer does not show up, 123Cacher reserves the right to santer said client until the firm and final cancellation of his account.
Intellectual property
Content published by 123Cacher
The trademarks, logos, graphics, photographs, animations, videos and texts contained on the site 123Cacher are the intellectual property of NESS INTERACTIVE and can not be reproduced, used or represented without the express authorization of NESS INTERACTIVE, under penalty of legal proceedings.
The rights of use granted by 123Cacher to the client are strictly limited to access, downloading, printing, reproduction on all media (hard disk, usb key ...) and the use of these documents for strictly private and personal use within the framework and for the duration of 123Cacher membership. Any other use by the customer is prohibited without the permission of 123Cacher.
The customer is prohibited from modifying, copying, reproducing, downloading, broadcasting, transmitting, exploiting commercially and / or distributing in any way the services, the pages of the site 123Cacher, or the computer codes of the elements composing the services and the 123Cacher site.
Content published by customers
123Cacher is licensed to use the intellectual property rights attached to content provided by customers for distribution on 123Cacher.
This license includes the right for 123Cacher to reproduce and represent the contents concerning the customer (information, images, videos, etc.), on all or part of the site 123Cacher and / or in the mailings of 123Cacher. This license finally allows 123Cacher to modify the said contents in order to respect the graphic charter of the site and / or to make them compatible with its technical performances. The customer agrees not to copy, reproduce, or otherwise use the content related to other customers other than for the strict requirements of use of the services for personal and private purposes.
Termination
Each customer may terminate their registration at 123Cacher at any time and without cause by contacting 123Cacher by email, phone or via the Contact Us section.
Without prejudice to the other provisions hereof, in case of breach by the customer to these terms of use, 123Cacher reserves the right to suspend or terminate the account of the Member without notice or refund and / or to initiate legal proceedings to against him.
This termination will take place automatically and without prejudice to any damages that may be claimed by 123Cacher.com for damages suffered as a result of such breaches.
Liability and warranty
Information and content provided by customers
The information provided by a customer to 123Cacher must be accurate and consistent with reality. The consequences of their disclosure on his life and / or that of other customers are the sole responsibility of the client concerned.
In the event that the liability of 123Cacher is sought due to a breach by a customer to the obligations incumbent on him under the law or these conditions of use, the latter undertakes to guarantee 123Cacher against any conviction pronounced at against him, this guarantee covering both the indemnities that might be paid and the legal fees and legal costs that could be charged to him.
How 123Cacher and Services Work
The customer must have the necessary skills, hardware and software for the use of the Internet or, where appropriate, Internet or telephone services and recognizes that the characteristics and constraints of the Internet do not guarantee security, the availability and integrity of data transmissions over the Internet.
Under these conditions, 123Cacher does not guarantee that the services will operate without interruption or malfunction. In particular, their operation may be temporarily interrupted for maintenance, updates or technical improvements, or to change the content and / or presentation. If possible, Hide will inform its customers prior to a maintenance or update operation. The customer waives the search for 123Cacher's liability for the operation and operation of the services.
Similarly, 123Cacher can not also be held responsible for non-functioning, inaccessibility, or poor conditions of use of the site 123Cacher attributable to non-adapted equipment, internal malfunctions to the supplier of customer access, congestion of the Internet, and for other reasons outside 123Cacher.
Finally, since 123Cacher is an intermediary, it can not be responsible for information, rates and content that restaurants provide. It is especially up to the customers to check, if they wish, with the rabbinic authorities (only authorized to engage their responsibility) the certification kosher, as well as with the restorers the menus, dishes proposed, tariffs in force, promotions, good plans ...
In any case 123Cacher can not be held responsible for an error posted on its site.
Links
The 123Cacher site may provide or third parties may provide links to other websites or other Internet sources. To the extent that 123Cacher can not control these sites and external sources, it can not be held responsible for the provision of these sites and external sources, and can not bear any responsibility for their content, advertising, products, services or any other item available on or from these external sites or sources. Any difficulty relating to a link must be submitted to the administrator or the webmaster of the site in question. It is also recalled that the consultation and / or use of these sites and external sources are governed by their own conditions of use.
Limitation of liability
123Cacher will under no circumstances be liable for indirect damages suffered by the customer, including loss of data (including copies) or recordings made by the customer, subject to the customer making backup copies.
Convention entre le membre et 123Cacher
These Terms of Use, as well as the 123Cacher site pages referred to herein, constitute a contract governing the relationship between the Customer and 123Cacher. They cancel and replace all previous provisions not expressly referred to or annexed and constitute the full rights and obligations of 123Cacher and the client relating to their subject matter.
Changes in 123Cacher or Terms of Service
123Cacher reserves the right to modify or modify the pages of the 123Cacher website, the services, their prices or the conditions of use applicable to them at any time. These modifications will come into effect as soon as they are posted on the site, without prejudice to the possibility for any customer to terminate their 123Cacher membership. Otherwise, the customer is deemed to have accepted these changes by continuing to use the site 123Cacher or services.
Customers are therefore invited to consult the latest version online on the site. The presence of the customer on the site implies its full acceptance of any revision or modification.
Applicable law, jurisdiction
These conditions of use are governed, interpreted and applied in accordance with French law. The French courts and in particular the Commercial Court of Paris will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any dispute relating to the present, including, without this enumeration being exhaustive, their validity, their interpretation, their execution and / or their termination and its consequences.