https://www.eastlawn.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
EAST LAWN (the “Company”) offers this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. This Policy discloses our practices regarding information gathering and dissemination for our www.eastlawn.com website.
Information Collected To better serve our users, we may collect two types of information: Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) and Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“NPPI”). Our primary goal in collecting any information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our website.
Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. When you engage in certain activities on this site, we ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. If you elect to engage in these activities, we may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address, email address, and other personal identifying information. We do not collect any PII about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We may gather certain non-user specific information about users generally based upon where you visit on our site in several ways, including but not limited to, the URL of the website that you just came from, which URL you go to next, what browser you are using, and your IP address. This allows us to determine how best to provide information to users and understand which parts of our website are of most interest to our users.
Information Shared All collected data (both PII and NPII) is for internal use only and is never shared with third parties. We do not sell, trade, or rent your PII or NPII to others. However, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide PII to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose PII upon receipt of a valid court order or subpoena.
Security This website has instituted security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our network and database are highly secure; only authorized employees have access to contact data; all employees are educated on our privacy policies and agree to adhere to our privacy policies as a condition of employment.
Online Obituaries Please note that, when you post any information or other content to an online obituary, guestbook or memorial using our Site, such information and/or other content is viewable by the public, and the security and other protective provisions of this Privacy Policy do not apply.
Choice/Opt-Out Our website provides users the opportunity to opt-in to receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the user. This website gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. You can manage your communication preferences or access/update your PII by sending an e-mail using the “Contact Us” section of the website at www.eastlawn.com/contact/contact-us. When contacting us, please include your name, e-mail address, and the details of your request.
Cookies A cookie is type of identifier sent from a website to your computer system via your web browser to provide tailored features. We do not use cookies.
Links Our website contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Please also note that information or other content submitted on a third-party payment website or floral website linked to this Site is subject to the terms of the privacy policy applicable to such third-party website, and not the terms of this Privacy Policy.
International Users The Company intends to abide by the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information collected from the European Union.
Effective Date; Updates to Policy The terms and conditions in this Policy came into effect on January 3, 2020. The Company reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this Policy at any time and in any manner. When we change the Policy, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Policy. Your use of our website and any other services provided by the Company after such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of these changes. Please consult this Policy prior to every use for any changes.
Contacting the Website If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us as follows: Send us an e-mail using the “Contact Us” webpage: www.eastlawn.com/contact/contact-us
EAST LAWN 4300 Folsom Blvd. Sacramento, CA 95819 (916) 732-2000
“It was comforting knowing that Dad was with a trusted name. Particularly since he was cremated, it was good to know he remained under the care of East Lawn.”
– Lowell T.
"Azucena (Hernandez) showed us genuine care and support and Bob (Russo) made the ceremony in the church 'a one of a kind.' It was amazing.
The church ceremony was truly wonderful."
– Shirley B.
"Thank you East Lawn Elk Grove for everything you did for us during a sad and difficult time in our lives. Your attention to detail made all the difference going through this process."
– Lee Adams & Family
Pegah (Mazloom) actually dropped off and picked up signed documents from my home - so helpful especially now with restrictions of pandemic! Excellent care and genuine kindness from start to finish.
– J. Rudoloh
"Jessica, I just wanted to tell you without your care and compassion, my family and I would NOT have gotten through my loved one's death. I need to let you know that without people like you families would NOT be okay. You are a very SPECIAL person and I was blessed!!!"
– Cheryl B.
"Victor (Sanchez) provided excellent service to mother and family he took excellent care of all our needs during a very difficult time for our family.
He is truly an asset to your establishment and we appreciated very much that he spoke Spanish. "
– Angelina H.
"Thank you Lynn (Ellsworth) for all of your help arranging details for us, and thank you for the beautiful bouquet with the butterflies - it had a very special meaning."
– Carolyn H.
"My family and I chose East Lawn to take care of my father's services, although there was another mortuary right down the street who we met with first. I'm so glad my family and I chose them over the other funeral home."
– The Oandasan Family
"...The remarkable part was how lovingly the staff cared for her (my mother-in-law). It's a hard thing when you have to let someone's physical being go from you, and they did it with such kindness..."
– C. Johnson
"Please thank the person who prepared our father for viewing. We were very happy with the way he looked. Our great uncle was a mortician and he would have been pleased."
– Michael & Tim D.