http://www.martsandlundy.com/legal-eu/
Search:
Marts & Lundy Incorporated EU Privacy Statement
Personal Information Collection
This Privacy Statement explains how Marts & Lundy Incorporated and Marts & Lundy UK Limited (together, M&L) process your personal data and your rights in relation to the personal data we hold.
For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR), M&L is the data controller of your personal data. Marts & Lundy UK Limited of 33 St James’s Square, St. James’s, London SW1Y 4JS is the data controller’s representative in the UK.
Personal Information Collection
M&L may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information you provide when you correspond with us by phone, email, post, in person, via social media or by other means, for example when you enquire about our services as a potential client or correspond with us in relation to work we carry out for you as a client;
Details of your IP address, browser type and operating system when you visit our website
We may also, generally as a data processor for our client, administer surveys or perform analysis on client data sets that have been shared with us by the client. A client may share the following details with us for this purpose: name, gender, contact details including address and email address, age, occupation, position within organisations you are part of, previous institutions and charitable activities you have been involved in, wealth capacity ratings, and other personal data that the client may hold about you from their interactions with you.
Using personal information
How we use your personal information and our legal basis for doing so:
Where it is necessary for the performance of a contract
We will use personal data that you provide as a client to allow us to perform our contractual duties (this will include your name, contact details and your role within your organisation).
Where it is necessary for M&L’s legitimate interests, or the legitimate interests of a third party
Communicating with you for marketing purposes (unless it is appropriate or required to gain your consent in which case you may withdraw your consent at any time);
Analysing and improving the use of our website;
Administering surveys, conducting research and analysis on client data-sets and conducting research on potential donors (as set out above), including by application of economic and social factors.
For compliance with Marts & Lundy’s legal obligations
For the detection and prevention of crime and to assist the police and other competent authorities with investigations.
We may also use your personal data to comply with tax legislation, and the subject access requests of others.
Profiling
In the course of conducting its analysis on client data-sets and to inform clients’ fundraising strategy, M&L may profile individuals according to geographical location, age, previous charitable behaviour or predictive likelihood of donating to a cause. We approach this carefully and ethically and consider this to be in our legitimate interests, or those of our clients, balanced against the rights and freedoms of the individual.
Securing your data
M&L takes all appropriate physical, technological and administrative precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Sharing Your Data
Information may be processed in any of the countries in which M&L operates. Where M&L shares your personal information with its clients, agents or contractors it is in accordance with M&L’s stated purposes above.
International transfers
M&L holds personal data in data centres in Canada, but may also hold personal information in the USA and Australia where its offices are based.
Where your personal information is transferred, stored or handled in countries outside of the EEA the transfer will be subject to one or more of the “appropriate safeguards” for international transfers prescribed by GDPR, such as an adequacy decision made by the European Commission (in the case of transfers to Canada) or standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission (a copy of these are available on request).
Updating this statement
M&L may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website, although we will endeavour to update you directly in the case of significant changes wherever practicable.
Other websites
M&L’s website contains links to other websites. M&L is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Your Rights and Contact Details
You have the right to request a copy of your personal data that is held by M&L, including in a reasonable format specified by you for transmitting that data to another data controller. You also have a right to request that we correct or erase your personal data and to restrict or object to our data processing, including any automated decision-making or profiling. Where we are relying on consent to process your data, you have the right to withdraw this consent (but please be aware that we may be relying on other lawful grounds to process).
Please note that the above rights are not absolute, and requests may be refused where exceptions apply.
If you have any questions about these rights or how your personal data is used by us, you should contact Marts & Lundy by emailing privacy@martsandlundy.com or call +1 201 460 1660 or email Clare Livingston livingston@martsandlundy.com.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority of your country, who are able to tell you more about your rights. In the UK this is the Information Commissioner (www.ico.org.uk).
View US Privacy Statement
Contact
Legal US | EU
Site Map