https://www.linklaters.com/en/legal-notices/privacy-portal/global-website-privacy-notice
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.
About Us
Back
About Us
Alumni
At a glance
Contact us
Diversity
Executive Committee
Innovation
Linklaters > Nakhoda
News and Deals
Online Services
Re:link. Contract lawyers from Linklaters
Responsibility
Client Services
Back
Client Services
Banking
Brexit
Business Crime & Investigations
Capital Markets
Competition
Construction
Corporate/M&A
Credit and Special Situations
Crisis Management
Data
Dispute Resolution
Diversity Faculty
Employment & Incentives
Energy & Infrastructure
Environment, Social and Governance
Financial Regulation Group
Foreign Investment Control
Intellectual Property
International Arbitration
Investment Funds
Islamic Finance
Legal Operations
Pensions
Private Equity
Public & Administrative Law
Real Estate
Restructuring and Insolvency
Risk and Resilience
Tax
Technology, Procurement and Outsourcing
Telecoms
Trade Law
U.S. Law
Sectors
Back
Sectors
Automotive
Banks
Chemicals
Consumer
Energy & Utilities
Fintech
Healthcare
Industrials
Infrastructure & Transport
Insurance
Investment Managers
Mining
Private Equity and Financial Sponsors
Real Estate and Leisure
Sports
Technology
Telecoms
Find People
Back
Lawyers
Business Teams
Search Term
Practice
Banking
Business and Human Rights
Capital Markets
Competition
Construction
Corporate/M&A
Crisis Management
Dispute Resolution
Employment & Incentives
Environment, Social and Governance
Financial Regulation Group
Data
Intellectual Property
Investment Funds
Investment Funds
M&A Disputes
Pensions
Private Equity
Energy & Infrastructure
Public & Administrative Law
Real Estate
Restructuring and Insolvency
Risk and Resilience
Tax
Technology, Procurement and Outsourcing
Telecoms
Trade Law
U.S. Law
Location
Abu Dhabi
Belgium
Brazil
Dubai
France
Germany
Italy
Japan
Korea
Luxembourg
China
Middle East
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Russia
Singapore
Spain
Sweden The Nordics
Thailand
United Kingdom
United States
Admission
Argentina
Australia
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Cyprus
France
Germany
Greece
Hong Kong SAR
Indonesia
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Lebanon
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Netherlands
Netherlands (Notary)
New Zealand
Poland
Portugal
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Thailand
UK (England & Wales)
UK (Scotland)
Ukraine
United States
View All Results
Our lawyers are enthusiastic, committed people who relish the challenges and opportunities that they encounter every day.
Search for a lawyer by name or use one of the filters.
Search Term
Practice
Business Manager
HR
Knowledge & Learning
Risk
Location
United Kingdom
United States
View All Results
Our business team members are enthusiastic, committed people who relish the challenges and opportunities that they encounter every day.
Search for a business team member by name or use one of the filters.
Locations
Back
Locations
Africa
Locations :Africa
Locations :Francophone Africa
Locations :Lusophone Africa
Americas
Locations :Brazil
Locations :Latin America
Locations :United States
Asia Pacific
Locations :Asia
Locations :Australia
Locations :China
Locations :India
Locations :Indonesia
Locations :Japan
Locations :Korea
Locations :Singapore
Locations :Thailand
Emerging Europe
Locations :Central, Eastern and South Eastern Europe
Locations :CIS
Locations :Kazakhstan
Locations :Poland
Locations :Russia
Locations :Turkey
Locations :Ukraine
Middle East
Locations :Abu Dhabi
Locations :Dubai
Locations :Middle East
Locations :Saudi Arabia
Western Europe
Locations :Belgium
Locations :France
Locations :Germany
Locations :Italy
Locations :Luxembourg
Locations :Netherlands
Locations :Portugal
Locations :Spain
Locations :Sweden The Nordics
Locations :United Kingdom
Knowledge
Back
Knowledge
Knowledge
Welcome to the Knowledge Portal. You can browse, search or filter our publications, seminars and webinars, multimedia and collections of curated content from across our global network. Create an account and set your email alert preferences to receive the content relevant to you and your business, at your chosen frequency.
Knowledge
Publications
Blogs
Events
Video and Audio
Topics Hub
Cross border
Managing risk
Horizon scanning
Toolkits
Knowledge Home
Publications
Explore our latest insights to keep abreast of key legal developments.
Publications
Blogs
Explore our blogs for the latest news and insights across a range of key legal topics.
Blogs
Events
Browse and register for our upcoming events and explore materials from past events.
Events
Video and Audio
Explore the legal landscape via our range of videos, podcasts and webinar recordings.
Video and Audio
Topics Hub
Keep up to speed on legal themes and developments through our curated collections of key content.
Cross border
Managing risk
Horizon scanning
Toolkits
View All
To help you navigate regulatory requirements across regions, we have collated a range of key cross-border content.
Cross-border
To help you navigate and control risk in a challenging legal landscape, we have collated a range of key advice and guidance.
Managing risk
To help you stay up-to-date with key regulatory developments in a time of accelerating change, we have collated a range of crucial horizon scanning content.
Horizon Scanning
Our toolkits curate in-depth content on a particular legal theme or topic. Some of the products are offered on a subscription basis.
Toolkits
Careers
Back
Careers
Global
Back
Global
> Germany
Login / Register
Back
Global Website Privacy Notice
How would you like your page printed?
Print web page
Print as a PDF
Close
Global Website Privacy Notice
Effective from: 7 December 2020
1.	Introduction
2.	Importance of personal data protection
3.	Purpose of this notice
4.	Who is the controller for the personal data processed?
5.	How to make a complaint about the use of your personal data by us
6.	Changes to the notice or to your personal data
7.	Third party links
8.	The personal data we collect about you
9.	If you fail to provide personal data to us
10.	How your personal data is collected
11.	How we use your personal data
12.	How we use cookies on our Website
13.	Purposes and legal basis for which we will use your personal data
14.	Change of purpose
15.	Marketing and exercising your right to opt-out of marketing
16.	Third-party marketing
17.	Disclosures of your personal data
18.	International transfers
19.	Data security
20.	Data retention
21.	Your legal rights
1. Introduction
This privacy notice (“notice”) applies to the processing of personal data by Linklaters in connection with the processing of personal data on the Linklaters website www.linklaters.com, including any personal data you may provide though the use of the Website when you sign up to receive newsletters, blog posts, register for events or use our contact forms (“Website”).
This Website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect personal data relating to children.
References in this notice to “you” or “your” are references to individuals who use the Website.
References in this notice to “Linklaters”, “we”, “us” or “our” are references to Linklaters LLP and the other “Linklaters BCR Group Entities” (as defined in and listed in schedule 2 of our Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”), which can be found on our Website here. Linklaters LLP is a limited liability partnership established under English law whose registered office is at One Silk Street, London EC2Y 8HQ, England.
2. Importance of personal data protection
We recognise that the use and disclosure of personal data has important implications for us and for the individuals whose personal data we process. Most of our offices operate in countries which regulate the use, and impose restrictions on overseas transfers, of personal data. To ensure that we handle personal data properly, we have adopted a global approach to privacy compliance, as evidenced by our BCRs. A copy of our BCRs is available on our Website at the address provided above. Alternatively, you can request a copy of our BCRs at any time by contacting us at data.protection@linklaters.com.
A copy of this notice can be downloaded from the privacy section of our Website here. Alternatively, you can request a copy of this notice at any time by contacting us at data.protection@linklaters.com.
3. Purpose of this notice
This notice aims to give you information about how Linklaters collects and processes your personal data when you use our Website. It is important that you read this notice together with our Cookie Notice and any other notices we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing your personal data, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal data. This notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
4. Who is the controller for the personal data processed?
A “controller” is a person or organisation who alone or jointly determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, any personal data is, or is likely to be, processed. This notice is issued on behalf of Linklaters LLP as controller. Unless we notify you otherwise Linklaters LLP is the controller for your personal data.
Our Global Head of Regulatory Compliance oversees compliance with data protection within Linklaters. If you have any questions about this notice, including any requests to exercise your rights, please contact our Global Head of Regulatory Compliance using the contact details set out below:
Global Head of Regulatory Compliance
Linklaters LLP, One Silk Street, London EC2Y 8HQ
Email: data.protection@linklaters.com
Telephone: (+44) 20 7456 2000
5. How to make a complaint about the use of your personal data by us
If you have any concerns or would like to make a complaint about our processing of your personal data, please refer to our Global Data Protection Complaints Procedure, which is available on the privacy section of our Website here. You may raise your concerns with your local data protection authority directly, without going through our Global Data Protection Complaints Procedure. However, we would encourage you to contact us in the first instance as we aim to promptly, efficiently and satisfactorily resolve any concerns or complaints you may have in relation to Linklaters’ processing of your personal data.
6. Changes to the notice or to your personal data
The first version of this notice was issued in May 2018 and this notice was last updated on the “effective from” date (if any) on the cover page of this notice. Any prior versions of this notice can be obtained by contacting us at data.protection@linklaters.com.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. If you wish to update your personal data, please contact your relationship partner or email us at data.protection@linklaters.com.
7. Third party links
This Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
8. The personal data we collect about you
Personal data includes any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. This does not include any information that does not, and cannot be used to, identify an individual.
We may collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this notice.
We do not collect any special categories of personal data about you through our Website (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
We collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you. We have grouped together the following categories of personal data to explain how this type of information is used by us. These terms are used throughout this notice:
“Contact Data”: including your work address, email address and telephone numbers;
“Identity Data”: including your first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title;
“Marketing and Communications Data”: including your marketing and communication preferences. We also track when you receive and read marketing communications from us, which information we use to improve our marketing services, provide you with more relevant information and improve the quality of our marketing materials. Additional information about the personal data we process in connection with marketing is included with the marketing communications we send you;
“Profile Data”: including information collected progressively when you visit our site including your referral website, pages you visit, actions you take, patterns of page visits and information from forms you fill in;
“Technical Data”: includes information collected when you access our Website or client knowledge portal, your internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you are using; and
“Usage Data”: information about how you use our Website.
9. If you fail to provide personal data to us
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with services). In this case, we may have to cancel a service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
10. How your personal data is collected
We use different methods to collect personal data from and about you, including through the channels set out below.
Direct interactions: You give us your Contact Data, Identity Data and Profile Data
directly, for example, when you:
register for a seminar, webinar or event;
submit a contact form on our Website or our client knowledge portal;
subscribe to receive our publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a survey; or
give us some feedback (for example, by completing a survey).
Automated technologies or interactions: We receive Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see our Cookie Notice for further details of the information collected.
Third parties or publicly available sources: We receive Technical Data from analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU.
11. How we use your personal data
We will only process (i.e. use) your personal data when the law allows us to, that is, when we have a legal basis for processing. Section 13 (Purposes and legal basis for which we will use your personal data) below sets out further information about the legal bases that we rely on to process your personal data.
When you use our Website we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
“performance of a contract”: where we need to perform a contract which we are about to enter into or have entered into with you as a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract;
“legal or regulatory obligation”: where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to;
“legitimate interests”: where necessary for our interests (or those of a third party), provided that your fundamental rights do not override such interests. This can mean, for instance, that it is in our interest, to monitor how you are using our Website or client portals to ensure that the security of our Website or client portals or systems is maintained. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests; and
“consent”: Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data except where we may be required in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message and in using cookies on our website. Please see Section 15 (Marketing and exercising your right to opt-out of marketing) for more information about how we use your personal data for marketing purposes and your rights and our Cookie Notice for more information about cookies.
We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us at data.protection@linklaters.com.
12. How we use cookies on our Website
For details of how we use cookies on our Website, please see our Cookie Notice.
13. Purposes and legal basis for which we will use your personal data
We set out below, in a table format, a description of the ways in which we use your personal data and the legal bases we rely on to do so. Where appropriate, we have also identified our legitimate interests in processing your personal data.
We may process your personal data for more than one legal basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your personal data. Please contact us at data.protection@linklaters.com if you need details about the specific legal basis we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose and/or activity
Type of data
Legal basis for processing
To notify you about changes to our Website terms or privacy notice; and asking you to leave feedback
Contact Data
Identity Data
Profile Data
Necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
To manage and protect our business and this Website, including improving data security, troubleshooting data and systems, system maintenance and testing, data hosting and reporting
Contact Data
Identity Data
Profile Data
Technical Data
Usage Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests: to ensure that you have the most up-to-date terms regarding the use of our Website and to ensure that the website is functioning as intended and if this can be improved
To deliver relevant website content to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the content we serve to you
Contact Data
Identity Data
Profile Data
Technical Data
Usage Data
Necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about services or content that may be of interest to you
Contact Data
Identity Data
Marketing and Communications Data
Profile Data
Technical Data
Usage Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests: ensuring the efficient and secure running of the Website, including through maintaining information technology services, network and data security and improving
To use data analytics to improve our website, our services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical Data
Usage Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests: reviewing how clients use and what they think of our Website, improving our Website and identifying ways to grow our business
14. Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it as detailed in Section 11 (How we use your personal data) and Section 13 (Purposes and legal basis for which we will use your personal data) and our Cookie Notice, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to receive an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us at data.protection@linklaters.com.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
15. Marketing and exercising your right to opt-out of marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing. We will not use your personal data to send you marketing materials if you have requested not to receive them. If you request that we stop processing your personal data for marketing purposes, we shall stop processing your personal data for those purposes.
We would encourage you to make such requests via the forms and links provided for that purpose in the marketing materials we send you or by contacting our Marketing team at marketing.database@linklaters.com. You may alternatively make any such request to your usual contact at the firm or to the Global Head of Compliance (using the contact details set out in Section 4). In any event, such request can be made at any time free of charge.
16. Third-party marketing
We do not share your personal data with any organisations outside of Linklaters for marketing purposes.
17. Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the entities and persons set out below for the purposes for which we collected the personal data, as detailed in Section 11 (How we use your personal data) and Section 12 (Purposes and legal basis for which we will use your personal data).
Your personal data will be shared within Linklaters between the Linklaters BCR Group Entities (which are listed in schedule 2 of our BCRs, accessible on our Website here. As an international firm, we share your personal data between Linklaters offices to ensure the efficient operation of our firm (for instance, by sourcing our shared services in the most cost-effective way) and to provide the highest quality of client services. Your personal data is shared in accordance with our BCRs.
Where required, we will (subject to our professional obligations and any terms of business which we may enter into with you) disclose your personal data to:
(i)	any person or entity to whom we are required or requested to make such disclosure by any court of competent jurisdiction or by any governmental, taxation or other regulatory authority, law enforcement agency or similar body (for example, the Solicitors Regulation Authority or the Law Society in the United Kingdom);
(ii)	our professional advisers or consultants, including lawyers, bankers, auditors, accountants and insurers providing consultancy, legal, banking, audit, accounting or insurance services to us; and
(iii)	service providers who provide information technology and system administration services to us.
We may share your personal data with persons or entities outside of Linklaters to whom we may sell or transfer parts of our business or assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, the part of our business that is (as the case may be) sold, acquired or is the merged entity may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this notice. If applicable, we will update our BCRs to reflect any such changes to the Linklaters BCR Group Entities.
We require any person or entity to whom we disclose personal data pursuant to this Section 17 to respect the confidentiality and security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
18. International transfers
When we share your personal data within Linklaters LLP, this involves transferring your personal data outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The personal data is shared in accordance with our BCRs, which require all Linklaters entities to follow the same rules when processing your personal data. A copy of our BCRs is accessible on our Website here. Alternatively, you can request a copy of our BCRs at any time by contacting us at data.protection@linklaters.com.
In some cases, the parties who we use to process personal data on our behalf are based outside the EEA, therefore their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of such data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission; and
where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which gives personal data the same protection it has within the EEA.
Please contact us at data.protection@linkaters.com if you would like further information about the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
19. Data security
Taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons, we implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing, including:
in some circumstances the pseudonymisation and encryption of personal data;
the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services;
the ability to restore the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; and
a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the processing.
We ensure that those who have permanent or regular access to personal data, or that are involved in the processing of personal data, or in the development of tools used to process personal data, are trained and informed of their rights and responsibilities in when processing personal data.
20. Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for. This includes for example the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, accounting, reporting requirements, to carry out legal work, for the establishment or defence of legal claims.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for cookies on this Website are set out in our Cookie Notice. If you would like to know more about the retention periods we apply to your personal data, please contact us at data.protection@linkaters.com.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
21. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. It is Linklaters policy to respect your rights and Linklaters will act promptly and in accordance with any applicable law, rule or regulation relating to the processing of your personal data.
Details of your rights are set out below:
right to be informed about how personal data is used – you have a right to be informed about how we will use and share your personal data. This explanation will be provided to you in a concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible format and will be written in clear and plain language;
right to access personal data – you have a right to obtain confirmation of whether we are processing your personal data, access to your personal data and information regarding how your personal data is being used by us;
right to have inaccurate personal data rectified – you have a right to have any inaccurate or incomplete personal data rectified. If we have disclosed the relevant personal data to any third parties, we will take reasonable steps to inform those third parties of the rectification where possible;
right to have personal data erased in certain circumstances – you have a right to request that certain personal data held by us is erased. This is also known as the right to be forgotten. This is not a blanket right to require all personal data to be deleted. We will consider each request carefully in accordance with the requirements of any laws relating to the processing of your personal data;
right to restrict processing of personal data in certain circumstances – you have a right to block the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. This right arises if you are disputing the accuracy of personal data, if you have raised an objection to processing, if processing of personal data is unlawful and you oppose erasure and request restriction instead or if the personal data is no longer required by us but you require the personal data to be retained to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim;
right to data portability – in certain circumstances you can request to receive a copy of your personal data in a commonly used electronic format. This right only applies to personal data that you have provided to us (for example by completing a form or providing information through a Website). Information about you which has been gathered by monitoring your behaviour will also be subject to the right to data portability. The right to data portability only applies if the processing is based on your consent or if the personal data must be processed for the performance of a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means (i.e. electronically);
right to object to processing of personal data in certain circumstances, including where personal data is used for marketing purposes – you have a right to object to processing being carried out by us if (a) we are processing personal data based on legitimate interests or for the performance of a task in the public interest (including profiling), (b) if we are using personal data for direct marketing purposes, or (c) if information is being processed for scientific or historical research or statistical purposes. You will be informed that you have a right to object at the point of data collection and the right to object will be explicitly brought to your attention and be presented clearly and separately from any other information; and
right not to be subject to automated decisions where the decision produces a legal effect or a similarly significant effect – you have a right not to be subject to a decision which is based on automated processing where the decision will produce a legal effect or a similarly significant effect on you.
You may exercise any of your rights at any time using the contact details set out in Section 4. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one calendar month. Occasionally it may take us longer than one calendar month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Share & Connect
Privacy Portal
Explore our privacy portal which outlines our global privacy and data protection notices.
Global Privacy Notice
Global Data Protection Standards
Global Data Protection Complaints Procedure
Global Website Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Brexit and Data Protection
Privacy Notice for Re:link
Privacy Policy for “Pension Links” Alexa Skill
Privacy Portal
Legal notices
Privacy Portal
Contact us for more information
x
Covid-19
Resource Hub
Close  ×
You will need to log in or register to view the content
Login
Register
Linklaters user? Sign In
Close  ×
01. Your details
02. Your organisation details
Register
Your details
All fields are mandatory
Close  ×
01. Your details
02. Your organisation details
Register
Your details
* fields are mandatory
First name
Last name
Location
Select an option
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cabo Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Mainland China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Eswatini
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong SAR
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latin America
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau SAR
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
North Macedonia
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Virgin Islands (British)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Organisation name
Role
Linklaters Contact
Promo code
Next
Back
Close  ×
Forgot Password
Please enter your email address and if we recognise it, we will send you an email to reset your password.
Email
Send Email
Go back to log in page
Close  ×
Close
Close  ×
Login
If you were a subscriber to the previous version of our Knowledge Portal, you will need to re-register with your current email address and set a new password. Please navigate back to the ‘Register’ page and follow the simple steps to complete your registration.
All fields are mandatory
Email
Password
Remember me
Login
Forgot password?
Back