http://www.globalinteraction.org.au/privacy-policy
/
Privacy Policy
Purpose
Global Interaction is committed to protecting your privacy and complies with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles. This Privacy Policy (Policy) should be read in conjunction with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles.
Scope
This policy applies to all management and staff of Global Interaction as well as any volunteers, visitors and contractors.
This policy aims to:
ensure the confidentiality of personal information collected by Global Interaction
ensure that personal information collected is used only for the purpose for which it was collected
This policy also relates to all personal information collected from:
employees
volunteers
donors
churches
any other source
Application
This Policy applies to personal information that Global Interaction collects from you:
via our website
via social media
via telephone
via email
via fax
in person and/or
in writing
via surveys
via banking and financial institutions
This Policy also applies to personal information that Global Interaction collects from Australian Baptist Churches or any other third party, about you.
Website
The Global Interaction website collect two types of information. The first type is anonymous information.
The web server makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
the user's server address
the user's top level domain name (e.g. com, .gov, .net, .au, etc.)
the date and time of the visit to the site
the pages accessed and documents downloaded
the previous site visited and
the type of browser used
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the internet service provider's logs.
Another way information may be collected is through the use of "cookies". A cookie is a small text file that the website may be placed on your computer. Cookies may be used, among other things, to track the pages you have visited, to remember your preferences and to store personal information about you.
You can adjust your Internet browser to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas of the Website or take advantage of the improved web site experience that cookies offer.
Our websites may contain links to other websites and social media pages including Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of the entities responsible for those websites and we recommend that you review the privacy policies applicable to any other websites you visit.
Collection of information
The following are kinds of information that Global Interaction may collect about you.  From time to time you may voluntarily supply your personal information to Global Interaction. Global Interaction will record your e-mail address if you send us a message, subscribe to an email newsletter, or complete a form if this information is requested.
When you provide your personal information, it allows us, for example, to assist you with enquiries regarding past or ongoing donations made by you. Global Interaction only collects personal information that is necessary in performing its functions and/or activities.
Depending upon the circumstances you may provide to Global Interaction, and Global Interaction may collect, information such as, but not limited to:
your name
your contact details
your social media details (e.g. blogs, twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn)
your gender
your date of birth
your marital status
your church membership details
your enquiry or complaint details and
your involvement in Global Interaction activities
your Bank account and/or credit card details
Where you provide information to Global Interaction in relation to a job application the personal information you provide will only be collected, held, used and disclosed for the purposes of considering your potential employment with Global Interaction.
Where you provide the details of referees, you confirm that you have informed the referees that you are providing their contact information to Global Interaction and they have consented to Global Interaction contacting them and discussing the personal information you have provided in relation to the job application.
We will collect personal information directly from you unless:
you have consented to Global Interaction’s collection of your personal information from third parties - for example, a Baptist church , or your representatives or
when we are legally required to do so or
it is unreasonable or impractical to do so
Where we have collected personal information about you either directly or by other means as set out above, we will notify you at the time, or as soon as practicable, to ensure that you are aware of such collection and its purpose.
You can choose to interact with us anonymously or by using a pseudonym where it is lawful and practicable. For example, you may wish to participate in a blog or enquire about a particular campaign anonymously or under a pseudonym. Your decision to interact anonymously or by using a pseudonym may affect the level of services we can offer you. For example, we may not be able to assist you with a specific enquiry or investigate a privacy complaint on an anonymous or pseudonymous basis. We will inform you if this is the case and let you know the options available to you.
If we receive unsolicited personal information about or relating to you and we determine that such information could have been collected in the same manner if we had solicited the information, then we will treat it in the same way as solicited personal information and in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles. Otherwise if we determine that such information could not have been collected in the same manner as solicited personal information, and that information is not contained in a Commonwealth record, we will, if it is lawful and reasonable to do so, destroy the information or de-identify the information.
Purposes of collecting information
Global Interaction collects, holds, uses and discloses your personal information to:
assist you with donor relations and employment queries
inform you about fundraising campaigns
inform you about changes to legislation
improve our service delivery
manage our relationship with you
conduct surveys and research
to make payments to you by cheque or electronic funds transfer for the purposes of refunds or other payments
Direct Marketing
You consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes of direct marketing which may include providing you with information about events, products or services which may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may elect not to receive direct marketing at the time of providing your personal information.
Unsubscribing and opting out
If you no longer wish to receive direct marketing or other communications, you may request at any time to cancel your consent to such communications as follows:
If subscribing to an email newsletter you may "unsubscribe" at any time from the newsletter mailing list
You may contact us at any time by mail or email directed to our Privacy Officer
Disclosure of your personal information
Global Interaction may disclose your personal information, in connection with or to further the purposes outlined above, to:
Government bodies or agencies (including the Fair Work Commission, the Fair Work Ombudsman, the Australian Tax Office, an anti-discrimination body, a work/occupational health and safety regulator)
Organisations to whom we outsource functions (including information technology providers, print service providers, mail houses)
Insurance companies where Global Interaction holds a policy that covers you (eg Travel Insurance or Professional Indemnity insurance etc)
Web host provider
Auditors appointed by Global Interaction to conduct audits in accordance with legal requirements
Otherwise as you have consented and/or
Otherwise as required by law
If any of these organisations are located outside Australia, you expressly consent to us disclosing your personal information to those organisations. We take reasonable steps to ensure that each organisation that we disclose your personal information to is committed to protecting your privacy and complies with the Australian Privacy Principles, or is subject to a law or scheme that is at least substantially similar to the way in which the Australian Privacy Principles protect information. By providing your personal information to Global Interaction, you consent to us transferring your personal information to such other organisations.
Personal Information
Wherever reasonably practicable, Global Interaction holds electronic personal information on data servers that are owned and controlled by Global Interaction, in Australia. The data servers are password protected and login secured. However, by providing personal information to Global Interaction you consent to your information being stored and processed on a data server or data servers (e.g. cloud services) owned by a third party or third parties that may be located outside of Australia. Global Interaction will take reasonable steps to ensure that any third party providers comply with the Australian Privacy Principles. If personal information is only routed through servers located outside of Australia - this is not regarded as a disclosure.
Wherever reasonably practicable Global Interaction holds physical personal information in access controlled premises.
When Global Interaction no longer requires your personal information for a specific purpose and we are not required to keep it to comply with any laws, we will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to destroy your personal information or to ensure that the information is de-identified.
Government Identifiers
We will not adopt as our own identifier a government related identifier of an individual, such as a tax file number or Medicare card number and will only use or disclose a government related identifier where the use or disclosure:
is reasonably necessary for Global Interaction to verify your identity for the purposes of our activities or functions
is reasonably necessary for Global Interaction to fulfil its obligations to an agency or a State or Territory authority
is required or authorised by or under an Australian law or
is reasonably necessary for one or more enforcement related activities conducted by, or on behalf of, an enforcement body
Accessing and/or correcting personal information
You have the right to request access to your personal information held by Global Interaction and request that it be updated or corrected. In most cases you can gain access to your personal information that Global Interaction holds. To request access to, correction of, or updating of any personal information held about you, please write to the Privacy Officer at the following address:
The Privacy Officer
Global Interaction
PO Box 3085
Auburn VIC 3123
Or email the Privacy Officer
General enquiries can be made via telephone by calling the National Office on (03) 9819 4944
Global Interaction requires that you provide proof of identity in order to seek access to your personal information. Global Interaction may refuse to provide access if permitted to do so by law or under the Australian Privacy Principles. Global Interaction will seek to provide you with access to your personal information within 30 days of receipt of a valid request and may charge you a reasonable fee for doing so.
It is important that we keep our details up to date, you should contact Global Interaction when your personal information details change. Global Interaction may also take steps to update your personal information by contacting you directly by phone, letter, email or by reference to publicly available sources such as telephone directories or electoral rolls.
Reporting a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles
To make a complaint about an alleged breach of the Australian Privacy Principles please write to or email the Privacy Officer at one of the following addresses:
The Privacy Officer
Global Interaction
PO Box 3085
Auburn VIC 3123
Or email the Privacy Officer
All complaints must be written. Please provide all details about your complaint as well as any supporting documentation to the Privacy Officer.
How Global Interaction will deal with complaints
Global Interaction will seek to deal with privacy complaints as follows:
Complaints will be treated seriously
Complaints will be dealt with promptly
Complaints will be dealt with confidentially
Complaints will be investigated by the Privacy Officer
The outcome of an investigation will be provided to the complainant where the complainant has provided proof of identity.  Global Interaction will seek to respond within 30 days of receipt of a valid complaint.
Variations to the Policy
This Policy may be varied from time to time and an updated version will be posted here on Global Interaction’s website.