http://www.agg.com/news-insights/events/establishing-your-virtual-business-presence-legal-issues-relating-to-ecommerce-and-adjusting-your-business-to-the-new-normal/
Establishing Your Virtual Business Presence: Legal Issues Relating to Ecommerce and Adjusting Your Business to the ‘New Normal’ | News & Insights | Arnall Golden Gregory LLP
Skip to Content
Offices
Careers
Subscribe
Professionals
Services
Industries
News & Insights
About Us
Search by Name or Keyword
HomeNews & InsightsEstablishing Your Virtual Business Presence: Legal Issues Relating to Ecommerce and Adjusting Your Business to the ‘New Normal’
events
|
September 24, 2020 Establishing Your Virtual Business Presence: Legal Issues Relating to Ecommerce and Adjusting Your Business to the ‘New Normal’
Event Details
Schedule
September 24, 2020
Add To Calendar
The pandemic has accelerated a shift to the digital and virtual engagement of customers across all industries, particularly retail. Gartner Inc. has seen an “incredible surge” in interest in digital commerce capabilities from IT executives across many sectors. Manufacturers used to selling through storefronts, are now setting up websites and virtual storefronts to sell directly to customers, and restaurants and retailers are moving operations to parking lots and sidewalks. In addition, the ability of brands to increase their agility and integrate commerce platforms with key digital marketing and customer experience systems is critical to success.
Join AGG’s partners J. Tucker Barr, Kevin Coy, Matthew V. Wilson, and Brian R. Smith to learn key steps in mitigating risk as you establish or expand your online business.
The group will discuss:
How businesses are adapting to changes in customer behavior and creating or adjusting their online operations
Mobile app development and suggestions for a complimentary customer experience
Necessary steps to ramp up virtual private network connections and use of cloud services to communicate
with customers
U.S. and international privacy and data security law considerations including privacy policies, data breach
response, email marketing and GDPR
Behind the scenes infrastructure for fulfilling orders and entering into 3rd party contracts
Restaurant adaptations for indoor and outdoor dining in a COVID world
How to effectively monitor sales and online metrics in a rapid growth cycle
There will be an opportunity for Q&A at the end of this webinar.
For more information or to register, please click here.
Register
Service Specialties Data Privacy Industry Specialties Entertainment & Sports Retail
Presenters
J. Tucker Barr
Partner
Kevin Coy
Partner
Matthew V. Wilson
Partner
Brian R. Smith
Partner Copyright © 2012–2020 Arnall Golden Gregory LLP.
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy & Cookies Policy
E-mail Disclaimer We welcome your interest in AGG. However, we cannot represent you nor can we treat unsolicited information as confidential until we know that doing so will not create a conflict of interest. Accordingly, please DO NOT send information about any matter unless you have a written engagement letter from us stating that we represent you as a client.
I Do Not Accept I Accept