https://www.chinmaya.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Chinmaya Mission Australia is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains how your personal information will be treated as you access and interact with the website.
Collection of Personal Information
You can visit the website without revealing any personal information. We may request personal information from you when you:
Provide feedback on the website
Contact us through the website;
Join our mailing list
Where Chinmaya Mission Australia wishes to collect personal information about you (such as your name, contact information or other personal information) via the internet, we will expressly ask you for that personal information and explain the purpose for which Chinmaya Mission Australia is requesting the information (eg. to add you to our mailing list).
Chinmaya Mission Australia will only collect personal information that is necessary for our functions and activities and will generally use and disclose your personal information for purposes related to the main purpose for which the information was collected, or where you have consented to the use or disclosure.
We may otherwise use or disclose your personal information where required or authorised by law, which may include emergency situations and assisting law enforcement agencies.
We may occasionally use your information to promote and market to you products that we consider may be of interest to you, unless you contact us and tell us not to do so.
Accessing and updating your personal information
If you need to access or correct any personal information that Chinmaya Mission Australia holds about you, please contact Chinmaya Mission Australia using the
“Contact Details” set out below.
Chinmaya Mission Australia requests that you provide as much detail as you can about the particular information you seek, in order to help us retrieve it. An access fee may be charged to cover our costs of providing that information to you. In certain circumstances, we may not be required by law to provide you with access or to correct your personal information. If that is the case, w will give you our reasons for that decision.
Chinmaya Mission Australia takes reasonable steps to make sure that the personal information we collect, use and disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
Collection of website usage information
Chinmaya Mission Australia uses cookies to enable us to track information about your visits to the website and analyse this data for trends and statistics.
When you access the website our system will record:
Time and date of your visit to the website
What parts of the website you visit
How long you spend on any page of the website
How many times you visit the website
Which domain (country) you are visiting from
This information does not identify you personally [and will not be matched with any information which does identify you personally].
Chinmaya Mission Australia does NOT use cookies to track:
Where you go when you leave the website; or
Your personal information
You can configure your browser to reject cookies. Rejecting cookies will not restrict your access to the website unless specifically stated on a page within the website. Chinmaya Mission Australia uses and discloses aggregated non-personally identifying information improving the website.
Data Security
Safeguards will be maintained to protect personal information against unauthorised access, alteration, destruction, use or disclosure and against accidental loss. Any personal information that you submit to our website is held with the strictest confidence. Chinmaya Mission Australia uses and implements industry standards for the security and protection of information collected from its users. Once your personal information comes into Chinmaya Mission Australia’s possession, we will take all reasonable steps to protect that information as described.
Credit Card Security
The website does not handle nor does it store credit card information directly. The website uses the ANZ eGate secure facility to capture and process credit card information.
Contact Details
If you have any questions or feedback about privacy, or wish to make a complaint, please contact Chinmaya Mission Australia as set out below: Address: 4 Pioneer Drive, Templestowe, Victoria 3106.
Melbourne
Castlemaine
Perth
Adelaide
Sydney
Canberra
Brisbane
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Chinmaya Mission Australia © 2016
All Rights Reserved