http://www.centralheightschurch.com/privacypolicy
Contact Us
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Spotify
Search Website
welcome
follow jesus
get to know us
our story
our pastors
our staff
our elders
our vision
our mission
our beliefs
our culture
our core values
COVID-19 updates
connect
connect card
sunday service sign up
community groups
community groups
types of community groups
join a group
serve the city
prayer
baptism
membership
classifieds
ministries
kids
kids
advent in a box
child dedication
for kids this weekend
kids drop in
youth
young adults
young adults
young adults community groups
women
women
community kitchen
contacts
mom chats
mommy and me
precepts
the living room
the sanctuary course
women's centre drop in
women's ministries prayer
women's night - deeper
men
men
men's night
the living room
alpha
seniors
early risers prayer
living hope adult bible class
seniors' cafe
traditional worship service
marriage
marriage
marriage mentoring
global missions
globalDAILY
our missionaries
griefshare
garden
events
events
calendar
serve
city
church
cold weather care
media
church at home
sunday messages
current series
special messages
calling : sept - oct 2020
pursuing wisdom : july - aug 2020
I peter : may - june 2020
dream again : april 2020
why : feb - mar 2020
all in : jan - feb 2020
home for the holidays : dec 2019
share this: nov 2019
awe : sept - nov 2019
real faith : may - aug 2019
path to glory : april 2019
great : mar 2019
the best life : jan - feb 2019
arrival : dec 2018
unexpected - the story of jonah : nov - dec 2018
words that change your world - the Lord's prayer : sept - nov 2018
the better way pt 2 : july - aug 2018
both / and : april - june 2018
kingdom, the story : february - april 2018
rebuild : jan - feb 2018
beautiful collision : dec 2017
with us : oct - dec 2017
flourish : sept - oct 2017
the better way : jul - aug 2017
10 - core values : apr - jun 2017
portraits of god : mar - apr 2017
II corinthians : sept 2016 - mar 2017
uncommon culture : aug - sept 2016
for good reason : july - aug 2016
against all odds : may - june 2016
christmas at central heights
resources
rightnow media
give
give
car ministry
legacy fund
building for MORE
policies and terms
privacy policy
refund policy
terms and conditions
privacy policy
give policies and terms
Your privacy is important to us. This policy covers all information entered on any centralheights.ca webpage. Please check back as this policy may be updated from occasionally with minor changes. Please contact us regarding any questions.
Registration and login is not required on most Central Heights Church webpages, but the following information may be collected from our website depending on the services:
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Cookies are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to track your return visits to our website. Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies, but we recommend you have them enabled to help us personalize your experience of our website.
Do We Share Your Information?
Email addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to third parties. Non-personal user and traffic data is accessible to our web teams, who work to improve your experiences with our website. Personal information is collected only for ministry purposes.
Any data collected during the giving process is accessible by our financial team for recordkeeping and tax receipting purposes. Central Heights Church does not share donor information with any other parties.
Central Heights Church does not share your personal information with other institutions. We may however share your personal information only if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms Of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Central Heights Church, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Our Security Measures
To safeguard your personal information and protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data, we implement SSL security wherever personal information is input such as giving pages, and we do not store local data on our machines related to credit card numbers or personal identification numbers. Access to any data is only granted to those personnel, staff, and contractors that are either directly involved in using the required data or using it to improve our sites. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Central Heights Church reserves the right to change or update this Policy at any time.
give
give
car ministry
legacy fund
building for MORE
policies and terms
privacy policy
refund policy
terms and conditions