http://www.komilla.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Home
Hotels
Website Privacy Policy
Komilla.com is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its users. All content from the products and services on Komilla.com are made available subject to this Privacy Policy. By using our Web site content product and services, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Policy or any other privacy or data collection policy applicable on the Komilla.com Web site and to receive any required legal notices regarding our privacy practices through the continuous posting of a clear and conspicuous link to the current version of this Privacy Policy throughout Komilla.com near the bottom of most pages.
This Privacy Policy governs the use and collection of information from you by Komilla.com ("we" or "us") through your use of this site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you may provide to us through other means; for example, at a live event, via mail, or via telephone. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our online privacy practices. By visiting this site, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over our online privacy practices, is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms & Conditions Agreement.
IP ADDRESSES:
An IP address is a number assigned to the computer which is requesting a web page from our site. Usually it is not your personal computer, but a computer used by your internet service provider or company network. Komilla.com uses IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, and to report aggregate information.
The information we collect includes: - The IP address of the computer making the request - The URL that is being requested - The date and time of the request - The referring URL - The browser type and operating system used to make the request
COOKIES:
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
We use cookies to help target ads based on user behavior. For example, our site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly.
We also use cookies to remember certain actions you take, such as logging in to one of our services. Most internet web browsers will allow you to adjust your cookie settings. However, some Komilla.com services will not work if you disable our ability to set cookies.
NEWSLETTERS:
We require your email address to sign up for most of our newsletters. Your e-mail address will be kept private unless we have your explicit permission to do otherwise.
ORDER FORMS:
Our site uses an order form when customers purchase services from us. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Reasons we may contact you include problems with the payment transaction or credit processing. If you purchase a listing from Komilla.com , we may contact you regarding this listing if further information is neccessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for services. Contact information and financial information are kept private and is used for no other purpose than what is indicated above.
Any financial information provided by users is sent via a secure server and encrypted for user protection. Komilla.com does not see, store or retain credit card numbers. Credit card information is submitted directly to Authorize.net, a third party that processes the financial transaction.
CONTACT FORMS:
Komilla.com features a contact page to assist users in directing their feedback to the correct party.
If a user sends feedback to Komilla.com and includes a valid email address, Komilla.com may reply to the user. The reply will be used to provide the user with additional information, answer a user question, or direct the user to another source for information.
Information submitted to Komilla.com via the user contact form will be kept confidential by Komilla.com . Information in the feedback may be used in aggregate to help guide policy decisions at Komilla.com. For example, if a certain number of people write in requesting the same service, we may use that information in our decision to begin providing that service.
Komilla.com cannot guarantee the confidentiality of feedback sent to outside sources.
ADVERTISER SUBMISSION FORMS:
On Komilla.com pages related to advertising, we provide advertising inquiry forms. If a user submits information via these forms and requests information, Komilla.com will provide the user information using one of the contact channels provided.
CHILDREN:
Komilla.com takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of children using our services. We do not specifically collect information about children and believe that children should get their parents' consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child's experience in cyberspace and to review our important safety tips before your child explores the Internet.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND CONTENT:
In addition to partnerships with other companies, Komilla.com contains many links to advertiser and content web sites. If you choose to visit and/or use the services provided by those sites, you may be asked by those sites to provide certain personally indentifiable information. Please be aware that Komilla.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites, even if our name or logo may appear on those sites (aka co-branded). Third party web sites may appear in a new window, or they may appear in a frame. If frames are used, you may still see our site's URL in the address window, but you are actually on another web site. In most cases, any third party web page, even in a frame, is branded with their name. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and read the Privacy Statements of each and every Web site that you visit, as the privacy policy of those sites may differ from ours. Our privacy policy applies solely to Komilla.com .
SECURITY:
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Any financial information provided by users is sent via a secure server and encrypted for user protection.
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY:
Komilla.com may be asked by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personal information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose personal information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or at our discretion in order to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, without prior notice to you. Komilla.com reserves the right to share personal identifiable information to cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we believe to be unlawful.
CHOICE/OPT OUT:
If there is a possibilty that we use non-aggregate information for marketing purposes or to sell to third parties, we will notify users at the point at which we collect the information and allow users to opt-out of having the information used for those purposes. In the unlikely event that we would make previously collected individually identifiable information available, we would notify our users via email and allow them the option of opting out of having this information disclosed.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
CONTACTING THE WEB SITE:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us:
Komilla Sutton, 4790 Mills Drive, Brentwood, CA 94513
You can also contact us via email.
Subscribe To Our NewsLetter
facebook Twitter flickr instagram