https://www.traderscity.com/board/privacy.htm
Home
Free Join
Member Log in
Follow TradersCityon
TradersCity Twitter
Trade Leads
Exporting
Importing
Suppliers wanted
Agents wanted
Joint Ventures
Submit Quick Buy/Import Lead
Trade Services
Shipping
Travel
Translation
Software
Publications
Research
Marketing
Financial
Legal
Jobs
Other
B2B Directories
Products Category
Members Directory
Business Cards
Products Photo
Country Targeted Leads
Search B2B Directory
Trade Connections
Private Chat
Weekly Newsletter
Free Trade Alerts
Misc
Magazines
Weekly Trade News
Search Data
Testimonials
Info
Discussions
Archived
Share
Share this page
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright Infringement Information (DMCA)
Contact TradersCity
Privacy Policy
Electronic newsletters policy (Dispatches): We will offer a free electronic newsletter to users. TradersCity.com gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily
subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points
users to the subscription management page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of registration.
Message boards/forums policy: Users of the site's Message Boards and Forums must register separately for these services (both are free of charge) in order
to post messages, although they needn't register to visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply a
username, password, and email address.
"E-mail this to a friend" policy:
Our site users can choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to someone else by clicking "e-mail this to a
friend". The user must provide their email address, as well as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case
of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other
purpose.
Polling:
We may offer interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what our audience
thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular
user. TradersCity.com may use a system to "tag" users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question.
This tag is not correlated with information about individual users.
Surveys:
TradersCity.com may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the
aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our sponsors, advertisers and partners. We never share any of this
information about specific individuals with any third party.
Children:
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally
identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
Usage tracking:
TradersCity.com tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information with
data about individual users. TradersCity.com does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser
type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser).
TradersCity.com sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this tracking is
never associated with individual users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't
like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall.
This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
Cookies:
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal
Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly
provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data
off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. TradersCity.com uses cookies to track user traffic patterns
(as described above). Our advertising system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies,
you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However,
you do need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums, polling and surveys.
Use Of Information:
TradersCity.com uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites,
whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the
interests of our users.
As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable
users to participate in polls, surveys, message boards, and forums. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule
(depending on the newsletter), and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly
interested in something we are doing. TradersCity.com never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including
advertisers, sponsors or partners.
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those
areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to
build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in Search function as one of many measures of what interests our
users. But we don't track which terms a particular user enters.
TradersCity.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers, sponsors and partners.
This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively, and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent
to their needs. Because we don't track the usage patterns of individual users, an advertiser or sponsor will never know that
a specific user clicked their ad. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable
law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Sharing Of The Information:
TradersCity.com uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better
understand our audience's demographics. This is essential to keeping our service free. We will not share information about
individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal
safety of our users or the public.
Security: TradersCity.com operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our
security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access
to the information provided by our customers.
OPT-OUT Policy: We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters.
Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users
Your Consent: By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by TradersCity.com. If we decide to change our
privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use
it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Google And The Doubleclick Dart Cookie:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on TradersCity.com .
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to TradersCity.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Third-Party Advertising Companies: We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information
(not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about
this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/
TradersCity.com shall not be held liable for any user posted/submitted content including but not limited to trade leads, profiles, images, and any other data. TradersCity.com does not and did not verify any of users posted/submitted data nor is implicitly or explicitly recommending these business offers. TradersCity does not verify truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, nor legality of any businesses, services, and leads posted here. TradersCity does not represent Sellers or Buyers in any transaction between users of the website and is unable to make any opinion in regard to their performance in any transaction. TradersCity neither guarantees nor undertakes in any dispute between sellers and buyers. Protect your business from fraud by trading safely