http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1995/09.95
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755 9021
September 1995
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb,
Esq., New York; Michael S. Ryan, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams,
Esq., Boston; Robin Miller, Esq., Seattle; Mark N. Sperber, J.D.,
New York; Robert Bourguignon, Clarice B. Rabinowitz, Students,
Brooklyn Law School; Helen G. Ullrich, Student, New York Law
School.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-9118.
(C) 1995 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$30/yr by subscription (Foreign Rate US$35)
* * * * *
Maine Supreme Court OK's Ballot Question; Supreme Court Appeal
Filed on Cincinnati Measure and Argument Scheduled on Colorado
Amendment 2
In a unanimous ruling on July 26, the Maine Supreme Judicial Court
rejected a challenge to a ballot question proposed by Concerned
Maine Families (CMF), authorizing the measure to go on the general
election ballot in November.
Wagner v. Secretary of State, 1995 WL
458937.
This will be the first state-wide vote on a "stealth
initiative" that doesn't mention homosexuality but that would have
the effect of voiding local gay rights legislation in Portland and
declaring that the state legislature should not enact such
legislation in the future.
The CMF initiative proposes a statute that would void or render
unenforceable any local or state law, rule, regulation, etc.,
recognizing any "protected classes or suspect classifications under
state or local human rights laws" other than the following: "race,
color, sex, physical or mental disability, religion, age, ancestry,
national origin, familial status, and marital status."
If passed
it would void Portland's sexual orientation discrimination
ordinance, and would vitiate a pending challenge to the
constitutionality of a referendum in Lewiston that repealed that
city's gay rights law.
The state legislature passed a sexual
orientation discrimination law in 1993, but it was vetoed by the
governor, so no state law would be affected.
The main argument in the challenge brought by Maine Civil Liberties
Union and Gay & Lesbian Advocates and Defenders, the Boston-based
public interest law firm, concerned the effect of the initiative on
future legislation.
Section 18 of the Maine Constitution, which
authorizes initiatives, does not allow them to be used to amend the
constitution.
MCLU and GLAD argued that by appearing to restrict
future legislative action, CMF was trying to redefine the authority
of the legislature, in effect amending the constitution.
However,
agreeing with the lower court, the Supreme Judicial Court, in its
opinion by Justice Clifford, found that the initiative merely
proposed a statute dealing with interpretation and application of
existing law, which did not necessarily bind the legislature as to
future action, although the court disclaimed rendering any
interpretation of the initiative's effect.
The court also rejected the argument that the initiative was
misleading.
Challengers argued that because it appeared to
restrict the legislature but might be construed not to do so, it
could mislead both voters who favored or opposed gay rights.
The
court did not provide much explanation for this ruling, merely
asserting that nobody who read the measure would be misled, even
though the court itself stated earlier in the opinion that "the
impact of the initiated legislation on other statutes and on future
lawmaking is not certain."
The court pointedly refrained from
attempting to construe the measure, claiming that the question of
its meaning was not "ripe" unless it passed.
The next few months will provide a severe test of the political
skills of the gay rights movement in Maine, as an attempt is made
to educate voters about the potential meaning of an innocuous-
appearing ballot measure that some might unwittingly construe as a
proposed civil rights law.
"Democracy" triumphs!
Those who wish
to assist Democracy may send their donations to "Maine Won't
Discriminate," P.O. Box 11061, Portland, Maine 04104-9741.
On August 9, plaintiffs in the case challenging Cincinnati's Issue
3 filed their petition with the Supreme Court, seeking review of
the 6th Circuit's decision in Equality Foundation of Greater
Cincinnati, Inc. v. City of Cincinnati, 54 F.3d 261 (May 12).
The
court of appeals reversed a district court ruling that Issue 3
violated the constitutional rights of equal participation in the
political process by lesbians, gay men and bisexuals in Cincinnati,
on alternative fundamental rights and suspect classification
analyses.
The court of appeals said that gays were not a
cognizable class for equal protection analysis, and disputed the
district court's identification of a fundamental right of
participation.
In urging the Court to take the case, petitioners
suggest that the Court address whether there is a rational basis
for the anti-gay ballot measure.
* * *
The Supreme Court
scheduled oral argument in Romer v. Evans, No. 94-1039, for
Tuesday, October 10, during the second argument week of the 1995
Term.
In Romer the Colorado Supreme Court (882 P.2d 1335 [Colo.
1994]) found Amendment 2 unconstitutional on the equal
participation theory.
It seems likely that the Court may delay
deciding the Cincinnati cert petition until after it hears argument
in Romer.
If a majority of the Court is inclined to affirm the
Colorado Supreme Court ruling, then the Court might summarily
reverse the 6th Circuit decision without need for briefing or oral
argument.
If a majority is inclined to reverse Romer, then
argument would be needed in the Cincinnati case to address the
alternative theory relied on by the district court in that case.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Clinton Ends Gay Security Clearance Ban
Overturning a federal policy that dates from the early days of the
Cold War, President Bill Clinton issued an Executive Order on
Access to Classified Information on August 4 that forbids
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in making
determinations about access.
Part 3 of the Order, titled Access
Eligibility Standards, states in pertinent part: "Sec. 3.1
Standards. . . (c) The United States Government does not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, disability or sexual orientation in granting access to
classified information. (d) In determining eligibility for access
under this order, agencies may investigate and consider any matter
that relates to the determination of whether access is clearly
consistent with the interests of national security.
No inference
concerning the standards in this section may be raised solely on
the basis of the sexual orientation of the employee."
The order
also provides new procedures for appealing denials of security
clearances, and imposes strict new financial disclosure
requirements on those holding clearances, responding to the
infamous Aldrich Ames case.
A.S.L.
Illinois Appellate Court Says Same-Sex Couples May Adopt Children
Jointly
Taking a step in the right direction, the Appellate Court of
Illinois, First Department, opened the door for same-sex couples to
jointly adopt children.
In re Petitioner of K.M. and D.M., 1995 WL
421917 (Ill.App., July 18).
Justice Gino L. Divito wrote the
opinion of the court finding that the Cook County Circuit Court
erred by dismissing two separate but similar adoption proceedings
for lack of standing.
In the first case, an unmarried lesbian
couple, K.M. and D.M., filed a joint petition to adopt the three-
year-old natural daughter of K.M..
K.M. had been artificially
inseminated and the natural father was unknown.
In the second
case, K.L. and M.M., another unmarried lesbian couple, filed a
joint petition to adopt K.L.'s two children.
The three-year-old
son was legally adopted by K.L. in 1992 and the younger child was
K.L.'s natural son by artificial insemination.
Again, the natural
father of the younger child was unknown.
The same guardian was
appointed in both cases.
On July 26, 1994, the guardian filed
motions to dismiss in both cases arguing that the couples lacked
standing to jointly adopt the children.
The circuit court granted
the motion.
On appeal the cases were not consolidated but were set
for briefing and argument at the same time by the Appellate Court.
The issue on appeal was one of statutory interpretation.
Under
express language of the Illinois Adoption Act, the act must be
"liberally construed."
750 ILCS 50/0.01.
Section 2(a) of the act,
the subject of this appeal, sets forth who may adopt a child in
Illinois.
"A reputable person of legal age and of either sex,
provided that if such person is married, his or her spouse shall be
a party to the adoption proceeding, including a husband or wife
desiring to adopt a child of the other spouse, in all of which
cases the adoption shall be by both spouses Jointly."
The circuit court adopted what the guardian stated was a more
conservative construction of the statute by holding the term
"person" meant married couples therefore denying standing to an
unmarried lesbian couple.
Justice Divito found that this
interpretation contradicted the liberal intent of the Act.
All
parties agreed that sexual orientation was not an issue in these
cases; the issue was whether unmarried couples could jointly adopt.
In so finding, the court held that under the terms of the act,
unmarried couples, whether a same-sex or heterosexual couple, are
not barred from filing a joint petition for what is commonly called
a second parent adoption.
Both cases were remanded for a
determination of whether the adoptions were in the best interests
of the children.
Patricia Logue, managing attorney for the Midwest
Regional Office of Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, said
"[t]his is a profound victory for the many children in Illinois who
have two unmarried parents."
T.V.L.
* * *
After a brief hearing
on August 24, Cook County Associate Judge Marjan Staniec issued a
written order approving the adoptions, according to a press release
issued by Lambda Legal Defense Fund.
One of the couples was
represented by Lambda, the other by the ACLU of Illinois.
A.S.L.
Federal Judge Publishes Opinion Upholding Military Policy; Other
Military Developments
After an unusual delay of several weeks, U.S. District Judge Claude
Hilton (E.D.Va.) released his written opinion in Thomasson v. Perry
for publication.
1995 WL 470185.
Hilton rejected Lt. Paul G.
Thomasson's contention that his discharge for the Navy solely for
saying he is gay is a violation of his constitutional rights.
Thomasson, who the Navy conceded had attained an "enviable" record,
sent a letter to four admirals for whom he had worked at the Bureau
of Naval Personnel, revealing his homosexuality, the day after the
Navy adopted its interpretive regulations under 10 U.S.C. sec. 654,
the statutory codification of the "don't ask, don't tell" policy.
He was promptly processed for an honorable discharge, and brought
suit seeking a declaration that the policy is unconstitutional.
Hilton stayed Thomasson's discharge pending a ruling on the merits.
Hilton's June 8 decision seems to wilfully misunderstand the legal
arguments made by Thomasson.
On the claim that a discharge solely
premised on a statement of sexual orientation violates the first
amendment, Hilton ruled that Thomasson was not being discharged for
saying that he is gay, but rather for revealing that he is a person
with a propensity for engaging in homosexual conduct forbidden by
Naval regulations.
Hilton contended that Thomasson "misses the
fundamental point that the policy uses speech as evidence, via
rebuttable presumption, that the service member's declaration of
his homosexuality will lead to homosexual conduct."
At the hearing
on his discharge, Thomasson did not submit any evidence to rebut
the presumption.
Referring to the Supreme Court's decision in
Wisconsin v. Mitchell, 113 S. Ct. 2194 (1992), which upheld against
first amendment attack a law that authorized enhanced punishment
for bias-motivated crime, Hilton drew an analogy to the use of
racist comments by a criminal perpetrator as evidence of biased
motivation for the crime.
Hilton rejected Thomasson's attempt to distinguish the new military
policy from the previous policy.
Under the previous policy, the
military actively inquired into the sexual orientation of recruits
because all gays were barred from serving, while under the new
policy the military does not ask recruits about their orientation
and gays may serve so long as they don't engage in conduct or
speech that would identify them as gay.
From this, Thomasson
argued that since the new policy allows gays to serve, "there is
nothing impermissible about being gay and that [because]
homosexuals may continue to serve, the acknowledgement that one is
gay has no conceivable evidentiary value." Rejecting this argument,
Hilton accepted the government's contention that it is rational to
interpret an open declaration of homosexuality as indicative that
someone has the "propensity" to engage in homosexual conduct in the
future.
Turning to Thomasson's equal protection argument (that the new
policy puts the burden of rebutting the presumption that one will
engage in unlawful sexual conduct in the military on gays but not
on heterosexuals), Hilton determined that the differential
treatment accorded gays and non-gays merited only rationality
review, and that Congress, which had received testimony from
military leaders that exclusion of openly gay people was necessary
to preserve unit morale and cohesion, had acted rationally in
adopting the policy.
Hilton observed that the issue of sexual
tension on military bases was not solely a gay issue; the military
separately houses men and women to avoid introducing sexual tension
and temptation into military living units.
Why, asked Hilton,
should the military be required to tolerate such tension by housing
openly gay members with non-gay members of the same sex?
In
reaching his decision, Hilton emphasized the substantial deference
to military expertise that the Supreme Court has articulated in
past cases challenging various military policies.
At bottom, the equal protection claim also came down to the
military judgment that statements of homosexual identity are
predictive of homosexual conduct, which Hilton found to be a
rational judgment.
"While it is true that some service members may
view themselves as homosexuals but nonetheless remain celibate, it
would not be rational to develop military personnel policies on the
basis that all homosexuals will remain celibate or that they will
not be sexually attracted to others.
It would be similarly
irrational for the military to ignore the obvious implications of
placing people who are sexually attracted to each other in the same
living quarters.
As such, the policy is not based on irrational
prejudices but on concrete, articulated concerns about privacy and
sexual tension and the resulting impact on unit cohesion.
The
military is entitled to deference for its professional
determination that these legitimate concerns would adversely impact
our nation's military readiness."
As to the rationality of
presuming that an openly gay person will engage in homosexual
conduct, Hilton relied on the recent D.C. Circuit decision in
Steffan v. Perry, where the en banc court wrote that service
members "who identify themselves as homosexual in a military
setting -- where a declaration of homosexuality is a ground for
discharge -- convey the impression that they are not in doubt as to
the direction of their sexual drive" (citing 51 F.3d at 691).
Hilton found this particularly significant, in light of Thomasson's
refusal at his hearing "to state whether or not he intended to
engage in homosexual conduct."
Hilton also rejected the argument that the new policy offends due
process by being overbroad.
Thomasson argued that the policy will
result in discharges of gay service members who might never engage
in homosexual conduct.
Hilton's rejoinder was that the policy
leaves room for somebody to stay in the military if they can rebut
the presumption that they will engage in homosexual conduct.
Unfortunately for Thomasson's argument, by the time of this
decision a handful of service members had managed to persuade
discharge boards that the presumption was unfounded in their cases
and won recommendations that they be retained in the service, and
Hilton seized on these cases to assert that it was not impossible
to rebut the presumption.
(Of course, these cases may well be
military examples of the "jury nullification" phenomenon widely
observed in the criminal justice system when jurors disagree with
the application of the law as instructed by the judge in their
case.)
Hilton also rejected the argument that the policy violates the
Administrative Procedure Act, observing that Thomasson had a full
hearing at which he could have attempted to rebut the presumption
as to him, but refrained from doing so.
* * *
The Association of
American Law Schools has sent a memorandum (No. 95-29) to all deans
of member law schools, enclosing a copy of the regulations recently
published by the Defense Department concerning cutoff of defense
appropriations funds to institutions of higher education that bar
military recruiters.
See 60 Fed. Reg. 28050 (May 30, 1995).
The
memo takes the position that because the proposed regulations do
not require a cut-off of funds to other units of a university if
the law school bars military recruiters, "enforcement of AALS
Executive Committee Regulation 6.19 [which requires exclusion of
employers who discriminate, inter alia, on the basis of sexual
orientation] is not affected by the regulations."
We have received
reports that the issue of access for military recruiters is being
debated at several law schools as the fall semester begins.
U.S. District Judge Thomas Zilly issued a preliminary injunction on
August 8 against the discharge of Navy Lt. Richard Watson, finding
there was a strong probability that Zilly would find the "don't
ask, don't tell" policy unconstitutional.
Watson, who had
consistently strong service evaluations, was apparently moved by
the controversy over military service to send a note to his
commanding officer shortly after Congress enacted the new policy,
stating: "I have a homosexual orientation.
I do not intend to
rebut the presumption" that he desires to engage in homosexual
conduct or has engaged in such conduct.
The Navy promptly
scheduled him for discharge and he filed suit in U.S. District
Court in Seattle seeking injunctive relief.
Zilly had previously
ordered the reinstatement of Army Col. Margarethe Cammermeyer, who
was discharged under the previous policy. Seattle Post-
Intelligencer, August 9.
California Attorney General Dan Lungren was embarrassed by a
harshly homophobic brief filed by one of his deputies in a pending
case defending the California National Guard, which is being sued
by a discharged gay member.
Andrew Loomis, author of the brief,
wrote: "Undisputably [sic] homosexual acts are despised by a great
proportion of the voters.
And those voters have acted through
their President and their Congress to rid themselves of those acts.
. .
In truth, there is no further justification for most chapters
of the criminal law.
And therefore, it is still OK to be
`prejudiced' or `biased' against criminals, such as molesters and
pederasts, and to fire them for it."
In earlier papers filed with
the court, Loomis referred to plaintiff Andrew Holmes as follows:
"Holmes is irked that the Constitution does not recognize anything
special about his own favorite nasty habits."
Responding to the
uproar stemming from press reports about these remarks, Lungren had
Loomis removed from the case, but did not have him discharged from
the office.
Evidently, Lungren does not consider this incompetence
or unacceptable bigotry, but merely bad public relations.
Lungren
did send a letter of apology to the federal judge before whom the
case is pending. A.S.L.
Tennessee Appeals Court Upholds Custody for Lesbian Mom
In Matter of Michael Lee Parsons, 1995 WL 442587 (July 27), the
Court of Appeals of Tennessee upheld an award of custody to a
lesbian mother.
Michael Lee had been born to Jacqueline and her
boyfriend, Michael Wayne Parsons, in 1983.
After her son's birth,
Jacqueline married another man, Gary Carson, with whom she has two
children.
When she separated from Gary, Jacqueline suffered
emotional and financial difficulties.
She, therefore, agreed to
grant custody of Michael Lee to his father.
In 1991, however,
after her divorce was final, Jacqueline filed a petition to obtain
custody based on changed circumstances.
The juvenile court awarded
custody to Jacqueline, finding that <160>underlying Mr. Parsons'
behavior is his hostility at Ms. Carson's admission that she is a
lesbian."
The court found that Jacqueline was the more fit parent,
and that her "roommate," Marilyn Misner, was the "more mature of
the adults in Michael's life."
Nevertheless, in its custody order,
the court mandated that, in the future, "there should be no
inappropriate sexual expression of sexual conduct between Ms.
Carson and her roommate."
Mr. Parsons appealed the trial court's decision, arguing that: (1)
no material change of circumstances had occurred to justify the
change in custody; (2) the evidence did not support the lower
court's decision; and (3) he should have been allowed to explore
Jacqueline's relationship with Marilyn, and its possible effects on
Michael.
Recognizing that it should "not sit as moral arbiters
making judgments on what is acceptable social behavior," the Court
of Appeals nonetheless emphasized that its "decision should not be
interpreted as blanket approval or disapproval of [Jacqueline's]
lifestyle."
Relying upon the fact that Jacqueline and Marilyn
"have never engaged in any inappropriate sexual conduct or
contact," and that the lower's court's "decree prohibits future
inappropriate expression of sexual conduct," the Court of Appeals
found that the best interests of the child would be served by
granting custody to Jacqueline, and therefore, affirmed the trial
court's order.
Jacqueline is represented by Nashville attorney
Abby Rubenfeld, former co-chair of the National Lesbian and Gay Law
Association and the new chair of the ABA's Section of Individual
Rights and Responsibilities. C.B.R.
Iowa Federal Court Dismisses Same-Sex Sexual Harassment Claim by
Straight Male Employee; Alabama Federal Court Jury Rules for
Plaintiff in Same-Sex Harassment Case; Federal Court in D.C.
Refuses to Dismiss Same-Sex Harassment Claim
Straight male employees who suffer workplace harassment by other
male employees or supervisors because they are perceived to be gay
are not protected by Title VII or analogous state laws, ruled
Magistrate Bremer in Quick v. Donaldson Company, Inc., 1995 WL
476179 (S.D. Iowa, Aug. 4).
The court dismissed claims under Title
VII, the Iowa Civil Rights Act, and other pendent state law claims.
Phil Quick was hired by Donaldson Co. in January 1991.
He alleged
various incidents in which he was subjected to physical abuse or
verbal harassment that appeared to be motivated by the mistaken
belief of others in the workplace that he was gay. Observing that
federal courts were seriously split over whether same-sex sexual
harassment is actionable as sex discrimination, this court sided
with those courts that have dismissed such cases.
"In enacting Title VII, Congress intended to ensure that employers
treated disadvantaged groups and non-disadvantaged groups alike.
Historically, disadvantaged and vulnerable groups were comprised
primarily of women and minorities who, until recently, were
prevented from entering or advancing in the job market.
However,
to view all women as victims and all men as discriminators is a
dangerous stereotype.
Men, by the very fact that they are not
women, should not be automatically excluded from being considered
disadvantaged or vulnerable."
However, the court found that sexual
harassment claims by men should only be actionable under narrowly
defined circumstances, such as where it can be shown that "the
environment is anti-male" or the plaintiff is a man working in a
"predominantly female environment."
"As a male in a male-dominated
environment, Quick cannot successfully complain that he was
discriminated against based upon his gender."
Furthermore, the
court found that the harassment aimed at Quick was not "of a
genuine sexual nature" along the lines of requests for sexual
favors.
Rather, it seemed to the court that Quick was just
disliked by his co-workers.
Bremer asserted that "sexual harassment," as such, is not outlawed
by Title VII; rather, what is outlawed is differential treatment
based on gender, which Bremer maintained was not present in this
case.
As to the argument that this was really anti-gay
discrimination, the court found some support in the record for
this, but noted that federal courts have uniformly held that sexual
orientation discrimination is not actionable under Title VII, and
that neither state nor local law forbids such discrimination in the
Iowa city where the employment was located.
Disposing of various
pendent state law claims, the court dismissed tort claims without
prejudice so that Quick could reassert them in a state court
action, if timely.
Ironically, just a few days later, a federal jury in Alabama found
in favor of a straight male employee who claimed he was sexually
harassed by a gay supervisor and then discharged when he
complained.
Prescott v. Independent Life and Casualty Co., No. 94-
A-383-N (N.D. Ala., Aug. 9), reported in 1995 BNA Daily Lab. Rep.
No. 158 (Aug. 16).
In this case, however, the factual allegations
described sexual advances by the supervisor, as well as allegations
that the supervisor told another employee that he was in love with
the plaintiff and had a plan to get the plaintiff into a
relationship with him.
After the jury found the employer strictly
liable for the supervisor's actions, the company settled the case
for an undisclosed amount.
The plaintiff's attorney claimed that
this was the first same-sex harassment case under Title VII to have
gone to a jury verdict.
The company claimed in defense that the
plaintiff never complained to management about harassment by the
supervisor, and that he was discharged after co-workers complained
about his discussing the supervisor's sexual orientation and his
ability to supervise, according to the company's attorney,
interviewed by BNA.
On July 5, the U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia
refused to dismiss a claim of sexual harassment violative of Title
VII asserted by a male employee against male supervisors.
Raney v.
District of Columbia, 1995 WL 447480.
Judge Attridge rejected the
contention that a male plaintiff cannot assert a claim of sexual
harassment based on sexual advances towards him by male
supervisors, and was sharply critical of the 5th Circuit's opinion
in Garcia v. Elf Atochem N. Am., 28 F.3d 446 (1994), which has been
relief on by several district courts around the country in
dismissing such claims.
Attridge noted that the Garcia opinion was
premised on the reasoning of the district court in Goluszek v.
Smith, 697 F.Supp. 1452 (N.D.Ill. 1988), where the court asserted
that Congress's intent in including "sex" in Title VII was to
protect women from discrimination at the hands of men, so a man
could not bring suit claiming he was discriminated against or
harassed by a male supervisor.
Attridge noted that the Goluszek
court "did not support its view of Congress' intent with any
citations to the legislative record," instead relying on a law
journal note that, "according to this Court's reading, does not
grapple with legislative history interpretations at all."
Rather,
Attridge preferred to rely on Meritor, the Supreme Court's leading
sexual harassment precedent, where the Court "clearly indicated
that men could be victims of harassment under Title VII."
A.S.L.
Federal District Court Hesitates to Intervene in Wisconsin Lesbian
Mother Visitation Dispute
In June, the Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled in In re Custody of
H.S.H-K.: Holtzman v. Knott, 533 N.W.2d 419, that a lesbian co-
parent could seek visitation with the biological child of her
former partner after their relationship terminated.
The dissenting
judges argued that the court's ruling violated the federal
constitutional rights of the biological mother, Elsbeth Knott.
On
August 8, Knott filed suit in federal district court in Madison,
seeking an injunction to prevent Dane County Judge George Northrup,
to whom the case was remanded by the state supreme court, from
ruling on Sandra Holtzman's petition seeking visitation.
Northrup
had previously ruled that Wisconsin precedents barred him from
granting Holtzman's petition, but this was the decision that the
state supreme court reversed.
In her federal complaint, Knott alleged that Holtzman's attempts to
gain visitation are "intrusions" by a non-family member, and are
denying Knott "the rights generally given an intact marital family
to be free from government intrusion."
Knott and Holtzman's son
was conceived through alternative insemination during their
partnership.
At a hearing on August 23, U.S. District Judge John Shabaz
indicated that he found most persuasive the arguments by Holtzman's
lawyer, Judith Sperling Newton, and assistant attorney general
James McDermott, that the court lacked jurisdiction to deal with
Knott's complaint, and that the procedurally proper route would be
for Knott to file a certiorari petition with the U.S. Supreme
Court.
However, Shabaz indicated he would do further research and
study on the matter and issue an opinion within a week.
Wisconsin
State Journal, August 9 & August 24.
A.S.L.
Missouri Court Awards Joint Custody to Postoperative Transsexual
and Ex-Wife
St. Charles, Missouri, County Circuit Judge William T. Lohmar, Jr.,
awarded joint custody of two young boys to their post-operative
transsexual father and her ex-wife, according to an article in the
St. Louis Post Dispatch on August 6.
"The boys haven't seen their
father for three years and don't know that he is now a woman,"
reported the newspaper.
A battle of experts took place during the
divorce/custody proceedings, with psychiatrists and counsellors
taking conflicting positions on whether the boys would be hurt by
exposure to their father in her current status, or -- as the
father's experts claimed -- whether they would be hurt by being cut
off from their father.
On June 1, after deliberating for five
months, Judge Lohmar entered a divorce decree requiring the father
to make child support payments and allowing her the standard
visitation for a parent who lives out-of-state.
Lohmar found that
the father, now called Sharon, was "loving and caring" and had a
significant bond with the children, despite their long separation
while she was going through her sex reassignment process and then
the divorce.
The mother has not yet allowed contact, and Lohmar
has amended the order on further consideration to put off contact
until next summer and to restrict the conditions of visitation to
exclude the children from contact with other transsexuals.
There
is no indication in the newspaper article about whether the mother
will appeal the decision, but she is reportedly very upset about
the ruling.
"The memory of their father is precious to me," she
said, "but I don't believe I have the responsibility to force them
to love a stranger named Sharon."
A.S.L.
Federal Court Dismisses COBRA Action Brought by Dismissed Gay
Employee; Punts on Pendent Sexual Orientation Discrimination Claim
District Judge Carter (S.D.N.Y.) granted summary judgment to
defendant Bloom FCA!, Inc. against Richard A. Fleury on Fleury's
claim that Bloom violated Fleury's federal statutory rights to
continued insurance coverage after his termination, and dismissed
a pendent claim based on New York City's gay rights ordinance.
Fleury alleged that he was discharged due to his sexual
orientation, noting that he had received good employee evaluations
over the years and was suddenly terminated after he told a fellow
employee that he "was not straight" in response to her inquiry.
Fleury alleged that the co-employee revealed this information to
the president and vice-president of the public relations firm for
which he worked, and he was discharged shortly thereafter.
After
his termination, Bloom sent Fleury a letter describing his rights
to continued insurance coverage under COBRA, a federal statute, and
explaining that he would have to pay premiums and would not be
billed separately for the premiums.
Fleury sent a check to
initiate coverage, accompanied by a letter asking to discuss
establishing a payment schedule.
When Fleury received no reply to
this letter, he sent no further checks.
When the period covered by
his first check ended, Bloom allowed his insurance to lapse.
In his federal complaint, Fleury alleged violations of COBRA and
ERISA relating to the insurance lapse, and claimed a violation of
the NY City Code for sexual orientation discrimination.
Judge
Carter found that Bloom had complied with COBRA's notice
requirements, since the initial notice sent to Fleury adequately
described how the payments should be made and clearly stated that
Fleury would not be billed for payments.
Finding no COBRA or ERISA
violations, Carter granted Bloom's summary judgment motion on those
claims.
As to the City Code claims, Bloom argued that Carter
should find the City Code provision invalid, on the assertion that
the city lacked legislative authority to establish a cause of
action cognizable in state court.
Carter decided not to get into
this controversy, noting that when federal claims providing the
basis for the action were dismissed on summary judgment, district
courts should refuse to exercise supplemental jurisdiction on state
or local law claims.
Deciding the sexual orientation claim, said
Carter, "would require deciding an important question of New York
law best left to the courts of that state."
Carter also rejected
Bloom's demand for Rule 11 sanctions against Fleury and his
attorney on various grounds.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Dismisses Discrimination Claim While Condemning
Homophobia
Granting a motion for summary judgment against the plaintiff in
Sarff v. Continental Express, 1995 WL 480562 (S.D.Texas, Aug. 10),
the federal district court found that the plaintiff's behavior
merited discharge and that the Title VII remedy sought by the male
plaintiff was not available.
The case involved a claim by Mark
David Sarff, a customer service agent for Continental, that he was
fired in retaliation for complaining about harassment against him
in the workplace, and that he was discriminated against because he
is a man.
In his complaint to the EEOC, he alleged that "the
actions directed toward me by Matt [a co-worker] were sexual
harassment because he simply presumed that I am gay and proceeded
to act upon a stereotype to humiliate me."
However, Judge Samuel
B. Kent found that there was a long, well-documented record of
customer complaints about Sarff's behavior, and that incidents of
sexual horseplay between Sarff and a female employee seem to have
precipitated the discharge after a lengthy progressive discipline
process in which Sarff had received negative evaluations and
warnings.
On the other hand, Kent seemed to come to this conclusion
reluctantly, to judge by the following comments in the opinion:
".
. . the facts present an employment situation that deeply troubles
this Court.
Although Plaintiff's complaint is framed exclusively
in terms of discrimination against him because he is male, it is
indisputable that running through the pleadings, and certainly
throughout the treatment Sarff encountered in his work environment
in the alleged instances of sexual harassment, is a strong
undercurrent of homophobia.
The Court is, of course, fully aware
that neither Title VII nor Texas state law afford relief for
employment discrimination based on sexual orientation.
The scope
of the law, however, is not coterminous with the scope of ethical
or humanitarian duties. . .
The law, that is, does not reach those
private decisions of duty and good conscience that are properly
left to individuals to work out as their own private lights
dictate."
"Similarly, an employer can clearly fire an employee for being gay,
and such an employee has no statutory protection in the vast
majority of states whatsoever from such action or from being
harassed by a member of his or her own sex.
Nevertheless, this
Court cannot pass over this legal fact in this case without
commenting that the absence of a legal duty on an employer's part
is not coterminous with the scope of a duty of good faith and fair
dealing.
This Court deeply believes that discrimination against
all Americans, despite their gender, race, religion, or sexual
orientation, is profoundly wrong and that it violates the
fundamental and essential right of individuals to engage in the
full rights and privileges of citizenship.
In addition, it makes
little economic sense for employers to discriminate against 15-25
million gay and lesbian people in this country, many of whom hold
positions at the highest levels of professional, scientific,
academic and political enterprises.
In this case, however, the
strong suggestion that Sarff encountered a work environment hostile
to his sexual orientation is greatly outweighed by the reality that
his own highly inappropriate -- and oft-repeated -- behavior was
the determining factor in his dismissal by Continental Express."
After analyzing the factual claims, Kent reiterated that Title VII
does not forbid sexual orientation decision, and commented,
"Whether this Court agrees with the ethical position of this rule
or not, it is clearly bound by the authority surrounding the law of
Title VII and must act accordingly.
Thus, Sarff did not complain
of any activity protected by Title VII, for even if he proved that
all the events he alleges happened did, in fact, occur, Title VII
would still provide no protection for him." Judge Kent was
appointed by President George Bush. A.S.L.
10th Circuit Gives Transsexual Prisoner Trial on Estrogen Treatment
Claim Under 8th Amendment
A unanimous panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit
held August 18 that the district court erred in granting summary
judgment to prison officials in a case presenting the question
whether a transsexual inmate was entitled to receive hormone
treatments.
Brown v. Zavaras, 1995 WL 492830.
Josephine Brown,
proceeding pro se, alleged that his (Brown, a preoperative male
transsexual, used the masculine pronoun in court papers, so the
court referred to Brown as "he" throughout the opinion) rights
under the 8th and 14th (equal protection) amendments were violated
when corrections officials denied him medical care for his "gender
dysphoria."
The district judge, affirming a magistrate, granted
summary judgment to prison officials without allowing Brown
opportunity for discovery by converting the defendants' motion to
dismiss to a motion for summary judgment without notice to Brown.
First the appeals court held that the district court's failure to
notice Brown about the conversion of the motion rendered it
invalid.
However, the court proceeded to treat the case as
presenting a motion to dismiss under Fed. Rule Civ. Pro. 12(b)(6).
Analyzing the 8th amendment "cruel and unusual punishment" claim,
the court found that Brown's allegation that he had been offered no
treatment at all for his gender dysphoria (as transsexualism is
medically labelled) created a factual issue for trial under the
Supreme Court's articulated standard for prisoner medical claims.
The court noted that the 10th Circuit was one of the first to
consider whether imprisoned transsexuals have a constitutional
right to receive estrogen.
Most federal courts have ruled that
preoperative transsexuals do not have such a right.
However, this
was not dispositive because Brown did not merely allege denial of
estrogen, but rather that he was denied all treatment whatsoever.
Turning to the equal protection claim, the court noted that there
were several federal cases holding that transsexuals are not a
"protected class" for equal protection purposes.
"Recent research
concluding that sexual identity may be biological suggests
reevaluating Holloway [v. Arthur Andersen & Co., 566 F.2d 659 (9th
Cir. 1977)]," the leading precedent on this point, suggested the
court.
However, the court found Brown's allegations "too
conclusory to allow proper analysis of this legal question" without
explaining specifically what was lacking in Brown's allegations.
Thus, proceeding under the highly deferential rational basis
standard, the court affirmed dismissal of the equal protection
claim, albeit admitting that "it is a close question as to whether
Mr. Brown's complaint raises an equal protection claim."
The
court's failure to set out in detail Brown's factual allegations
makes this a frustrating opinion to read.
A.S.L.
Oregon Appeals Court Rules on Insurance Claims Stemming From
Suicide of Gay Man
In a dispute between the original and the successor beneficiaries
under the life insurance policy of Forrest Holmes, a 26-year-old
man who committed suicide, apparently in anguish over his
homosexuality, the Oregon Court of Appeals reversed a judgment for
Holmes' parents, the original beneficiaries.
Holmes v. Morgan,
1995 WL 444152 (July 26).
The parents claimed that the successor
beneficiary, a nurse friend with whom Holmes lived after leaving
his parents' home, entered into a suicide pact with Holmes, under
which the nurse was to assist Holmes in committing suicide and
Holmes was to change the policy's beneficiary from his parents to
the nurse.
The nurse claimed that she knew nothing about the
policy until after Holmes' death, and that Holmes rented a room
from her after his parents threw him out from the family home.
The parents asserted claims for (1) a declaratory judgment that the
change in beneficiary violated public policy as furthering suicide,
and (2) interference with economic relations through undue
influence.
Holding that only inadmissible hearsay statements of
Holmes supported the declaratory judgment claim, the court ordered
judgment for the nurse on that claim.
Since there was non-hearsay
evidence supporting a finding of undue influence, though, in that
Holmes and the nurse had had a confidential relationship, the court
remanded that claim for retrial.
Declaring inadmissible the mother's testimony regarding statements
allegedly made to her by Holmes in describing the suicide pact, the
court ruled that (1) the hearsay exception for statements of
"existing state of mind ... such as intent [or] plan" would permit
introduction of a statement that Holmes was going to commit
suicide, but would not render admissible the further statement that
he was doing so because the nurse would help him; (2) the alleged
statements were not against Holmes' penal interest, since
committing suicide was not a crime; (3) the statements were not
against Holmes' pecuniary interest, since he was not to receive the
policy benefits in any case; and (4) the statements were not
admissible under the residual hearsay exception since, given the
mother's status as a financially interested party, there were no
circumstantial guarantees of trustworthiness.
Also finding inadmissible testimony of Holmes' psychologist as to
"chart notes" taken by the psychologist and describing his
impressions regarding an apparent suicide pact, the court declared
that (1) the notes were not admissible as "statements made for
purposes of medical diagnosis or treatment," since the notes were
the psychologist's conclusions, not Holmes' actual statements; and
(2) the notes were not admissible as a "memorandum or record
concerning a matter about which the witness once had knowledge,"
since the psychologist had never known of an actual suicide pact.
R.M.
Federal Court Orders Trial on High School's Removal of Gay Book
>From Library
Here's a well-intended effort that seems to have backfired.
The
Kansas City chapter of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against
Defamation and Project 21 offered to donate copies of two gay
books, Annie on My Mind, by Nancy Garden, and All American Boys, by
Frank Mosca, to Kansas City area school libraries.
In the Olathe,
Kansas, school district, Schools Superintendent Ron Wimmer referred
the proposed book donations to a committee of librarians for
review.
The librarians, noting that there were already several
copies of Garden's award-winning books in the district's junior and
senior high school libraries, recommended acceptance of the Garden
book but rejection of the Mosca book.
Meanwhile, media coverage
about GLAAD's offer led to public controversy about gay books in
the public school libraries, and ultimately Dr. Wimmer issued a
press release announcing that the book donations were rejected.
Subsequently, it was reported that all copies of Garden's book had
been removed from the libraries.
A student, Amanda Greb, wanted to
circulate a flyer at Olathe High School about the controversy; she
met with the principal, who made some revisions to the flier before
allowing it to be distributed.
Several students and parents and one teacher filed suit in federal
district court, claiming that removal of the Garden books was
unconstitutional and also alleging an unconstitutional policy of
screening fliers to be distributed in the schools.
The district
moved for summary judgment, and the plaintiffs cross-moved.
In a
decision announced July 25 in Case v. Unified School District No.
233, 1995 WL 461742 (D. Kans.), District Judge G. Thomas Van Bebber
rejected the district's motion as to three of the four counts in
the complaint and ordered that a trial be held on the plaintiffs'
claims, finding that they were not suitable for resolution on
summary judgment.
After disposing of standing issues in a way that left several
viable plaintiffs in the case (including the teacher), Van Bebber
ruled that both due process and first amendment claims could only
be resolved after a factual determination of the motivation of Dr.
Wimmer and school board members (who voted to endorse Wimmer's
action).
If the Garden books were removed because of substantive
objections to their content, a serious first amendment problem
would arise under the Supreme Court's plurality opinion in Board of
Education v. Pico, 457 U.S. 853 (1982).
The court cited a long
string of lower federal court decisions in cases challenging book
removals from school libraries, noting that plaintiffs won almost
all the cases, and that the only acceptable grounds for removing
books were "vulgarity" or "educational unsuitability."
Van
Bebber's opinion on the motion left little doubt that he suspected
the school district would ultimately lose the case on the merits.
The court did dismiss one count of the complaint, alleging a policy
of censorship of student speech based on the principal's revisions
to Greb's flier.
Van Bebber found that one incident did not
constitute a "policy" in the absence of a written policy, and noted
that the principal had since retired, thus making the issue in this
count moot for practical purposes.
The bottom line for GLAAD and Project 21: No good deed goes
unpunished, one supposes.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Rules on Claims by Gay Prisoner
In Brown v. Stachelek, 1995 WL 435316 (E.D.Pa., July 20), an inmate
of a Pennsylvania state prison, proceeding pro se, asserted several
42 U.S.C. Section 1983 claims against prison officials, partly on
the ground that he was discriminated against because he was gay.
While the District Court dismissed some of the claims, it permitted
the plaintiff to amend others to describe his contentions with more
particularity.
None of the claims that survived, however, did so
on the grounds that the plaintiff was targeted because he was gay.
The claims of discrimination involved his disciplinary custody and
his transfer to another prison.
According to the defendants, they
detained the plaintiff in disciplinary custody because he had been
involved in two fights with one or two other prisoners.
The
plaintiff contended that he was detained because the officials
involved did "not care for homosexuals" and wanted to take away his
job as clerk to another official.
The court held, on the authority
of Sandin v. Conner, 63 U.S.L.W. 4601 (June 19, 1995), that the
plaintiff had no liberty interest in the detention because it had
not "impose[d] atypical and significant hardship on [him] in
relation to the ordinary incidents of prison life."
Thus, the
court did not address the plaintiff's contention that the detention
was motivated by the homophobia of the prison officials.
Brown also contended that he was transferred to another prison in
part because he had a gay relationship with another inmate.
In
light of the Supreme Court's decision in Sandin, the court
questioned the vitality of those circuit decisions holding that it
was improper to transfer an inmate for retaliatory reasons.
It
nevertheless held that the plaintiff's claim was "outside even the
more accommodating Circuit authorities," regardless of whether the
detention was motivated by his gay relationship, "because the
relevant point is that it was sexual at all.
Sexual affiliations,
whether homosexual or heterosexual, are inherently volatile
alliances that have no place in prison and therefore prison
officials may stop them, including by transfer, if necessary."
The claims the court permitted the plaintiff to amend involved the
officials' tampering with his mail from the court, denying him
psychological counseling, stealing his property, and transferring
him to another prison because he was going to reveal unethical
practices by the prison administration.
M.S.R.
N.Y. Trial Judge Imposes Public Figure Standard in Lesbian Jogger
Libel Action
In a pair of decision published in the New York Law Journal on July
24, N.Y. Supreme Court Justice Charles E. Ramos held that a lesbian
rape victim who was suing Daily News columnist Mike McAlary and the
newspaper for defamation is a "public figure" (thus requiring the
plaintiff to prove actual malice), that the publisher of the
newspaper was not a proper defendant in the case, and that
McAlary's confidential sources for the disputed article were not
discoverable unless or until McAlary seeks to rely on them in
presenting evidence and argument to the court.
In his July 24
decision, Justice Ramos premised the designation of the plaintiff
as a public figure on "her self-admitted social activism on behalf
of women's anti-violence activities" and past employment by a "gay
and lesbian organization."
Newspaper publicity about this decision
aroused considerable negative comment.
On August 2, the Law
Journal announced in a brief story that Justice Ramos had filed an
amended version of his decision, still finding that the plaintiff
was a public figure because she sought to "project herself into the
public debate" and publicize her "victimization" as a lesbian
target of rape, but removing the references to her "social
activism" on women's and gay/lesbian issues.
The essence of the
complaint in this case is that McAlary libelled the plaintiff by
publishing articles in which he accused her of lying about being
raped in order to "enhance her status in the effort to focus
attention on the problem of violence against women, gays and
lesbians," according to Justice Ramos's summary of the complaint.
McAlary claims to have based his assertions on statements by
confidential informants relaying doubts from the police department
about the plaintiff's account of what happened to her.
Ramos's
published opinion of July 24 is a rather high-flown dissertation on
freedom of the press.
The amended opinion has not yet been
published.
A.S.L.
Mass. Appeals Court, Arizona Supreme Court, Vacate Convictions in
Murders of Gay Men
The Appeals Court of Massachusetts vacated the conviction of John
D. McClendon, charged with murdering a gay man, on the ground that
the trial court improperly allowed testimony about McClendon's
temper and prior misconduct.
Commonwealth v. McClendon, 1995 WL
492906 (Aug. 18).
A new trial was ordered.
The body of John Clifford, a gay man, was found covered with blood
in his parked car on the morning of June 8, 1980.
The coroner
concluded that Clifford had been strangled, and was bloodied in the
struggle.
Blood tests showed Clifford's type A as well as some
type B blood.
It was later shown at trial that Clifford, an
elderly gay man named Howard Simpson, and the defendant had left
the bar of the Allen Hotel in Pittsfield together the previous
night and driven away in Clifford's car.
The court found that the
evidence would support the jury finding that Clifford and Simpson
were arguing about Clifford making sexual advances to Simpson.
After the argument ended, Clifford parked on the side of Potter
Mountain Road.
McClendon left the car and started walking down the
road.
Then Clifford began to "molest" Simpson and "paw at" him.
Simpson resisted at first, then gave in to Clifford, a bigger,
stronger man, and then left the car.
Clifford's body was found the
next morning.
The prosecution argued that Simpson was not
physically able to have murdered Clifford by strangulation, so it
must have been McClendon, whose blood type was found in the car.
At trial, the prosecution established that McClendon, who had been
drinking that night, had a bad temper, had been discharged from the
Marines under questionable circumstances, and had previously
attempted to strangle his stepmother while drunk.
At the end of the trial, McClendon requested a jury instruction on
"defense of another" based on the theory that he would be justified
in killing Clifford to defend Simpson from "unwanted homosexual
advances."
The trial court denied the instruction, and was upheld
by the appeals court, which found that the factual record would not
support such a defense, since, among other things, McClendon had
left the car before Clifford allegedly sexually attacked Simpson.
However, the court did find merit to the argument that some of the
character evidence offered against McClendon was prejudicial.
The
evidence about McClendon's Marine discharge was considered alright,
but the court held that it was palpable error to allow introduction
of evidence of prior bad acts or of the defendant's temper when
drinking.
"The evidence that the defendant drank, became violent
and attempted to strangle someone was not a particularly
distinguishing pattern of conduct that it was `so unusual and
distinctive as to be like a signature,'" said the court, quoting
the relevant Massachusetts standard for admission of such evidence.
The Arizona Supreme Court reversed the convictions and death
sentences of David Grannis and Daniel Webster for the murder of
"Richard," a gay man, because of the introduction in evidence at
trial of three color photographs "showing as a collage the
collection of pornographic homosexual pictures found in Grannis'
closet" by police officers incident to his arrest.
State v.
Grannis, 1995 WL 429483 (July 21).
Grannis, who testified in his
own defense and indicated in his testimony that he had past
homosexual experiences and possessed homosexual pornography, and
Webster were hitch-hiking and were picked up by Richard, who
invited them to come home with him.
According to Grannis's
testimony, after an evening of drinking and talking, Richard
suggested having sex to Grannis while Webster was out of the room.
After some hesitation, Grannis said yes, but then changed his mind
when Richard became very sexually aggressive as the two men came
into Richard's bedroom.
They began to fight, Webster got mixed up
in it, and Grannis and Webster eventually fled in Richard's car.
A neighbor called police about screams coming from Richard's home,
and the police subsequently found Richard's body, which sustained
"13 sharp force injuries and numerous blunt force injuries."
When
police eventually apprehended Grannis and Webster, they claimed
surprise at hearing that Richard was dead.
At trial, the defense objected to the state's introduction of
graphic evidence of the pornography found in Grannis's closet, but
the trial court admitted it.
Wrote Justice Corcoran for the court,
"We conclude that the homosexual pornographic photographs were
marginally relevant, but the trial judge abused his discretion by
admitting them because their probative value was substantially
outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice to both Grannis and
Webster. . . The graphic images of males involved in homosexual
acts would likely have repulsed many of the jurors.
The jurors'
verdict may well have been improperly influenced by their revulsion
and not entirely based on a belief that the state proved the
elements of the crime. . . Because we cannot say beyond a
reasonable doubt that the jury would have convicted in the absence
of this error, it is not harmless."
The case was remanded for
retrial.
A.S.L.
Federal Court in New York Disagrees With State Courts on Off-Duty
Conduct Law
In an unusual refusal to follow a state court interpretation of
state law, U.S. District Judge Robert Patterson rejected a decision
by the New York Appellate Division, 3rd Department, and held that
N.Y. Labor Law section 201-d, the so-called "off duty" conduct law,
protects an employee from being discharged on the basis of his or
her off-duty lawful social activities and involvements.
Pasch v.
Katz Media Corporation, 1995 WL 469710 (S.D.N.Y., Aug. 8)(not
officially published).
Judy Pasch, the plaintiff, claims she was discharged because she
continued an unmarried cohabiting relationship with Mark
Braunstein, a Vice-President and General Sales Manager of the
defendant corporation, after he had been discharged.
The
relationship of Ms. Pasch and Mr. Braunstein predated Braunstein's
discharge by three years.
Two days after Braunstein's discharge,
the new president of the company told Pasch that her position was
being eliminated in a reorganization and she would be demoted to an
entry-level position.
Charging that she had been constructively
discharged, Pasch premised her lawsuit on the Civil Rights Act of
1964, Title VII, and the New York off-duty conduct law.
Defendants
moved to dismiss the state law claim, citing State v. Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc., 621 N.Y.S.2d 158 (3rd Dept. 1995), in which the
appellate division held that the off-duty conduct law did not apply
to a dating relationship between employees.
While noting that federal courts deciding pendent state law claims
were normally bound to follow controlling state precedents,
Patterson observed that federal courts could disagree with
decisions by lower state courts if they were convinced that the
highest court of the state would also disagree.
Patterson was
convinced in this case.
Reviewing the legislative history of the
off-duty conduct law, he found persuasive support for the
dissenting opinion in the appellate division by Justice Yesawich,
who asserted that "the narrow interpretation adopted by the
majority is indefensible."
It was clear to Patterson that the
legislature intended to shield employees from employer sanctions
for the broad range of legal off-duty activities, and not just
those which might be embraced by a narrow definition of the concept
of "recreation," the term used in the statute.
Patterson held that
the plaintiff alleged "sufficient facts to make out a prima facie
case" under the state law.
Ironically, the "Wal-Mart" case, which was initiated during the
administration of Attorney General Robert Abrams and litigated by
LeGaL member Jim Williams as an Assistant Attorney General, was not
appealed to the Court of Appeals by order of the new Attorney
General, Dennis Vacco, so the ideal vehicle for securing the views
of New York's highest court on this question was sacrificed. * * *
Of related interest, the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of Ohio ruled May 22 in Hughes v. North Olmsted, 66 Emp.
Prac. Dec. (CCH) para. 43,576, that police officials may have
violated 42 U.S.C. section 1983 by launching an investigation into
the private sex life of police officer Ralph Hughes.
The
investigation responded to information that Hughes was engaged in
an "open marriage" and was dating the mother of a reputed gang
leader.
The defendants tried to win summary judgment on a
qualified immunity argument.
District Judge Aldrich held that
qualified immunity would not apply if the police were interfering
with a well-established constitutional right.
In this case, there
is a growing body of precedent that off-duty lawful sexual activity
by police officers is protected by the right of privacy.
"[T]he
defendants did not enjoy a qualified privilege to investigate the
Hughes' marital understandings or alleged lifestyles, unless they
related to Hughes' job performance. . .," wrote Aldrich.
"Defendants have failed to explain or to offer any evidence how a
`swinging' lifestyle was at all related to Ralph Hughes' job
performance, or otherwise implicated the work environment."
A.S.L.
Minneapolis Commission Rejects Challenge to Pro-Gay Judge
In an opinion issued on July 14 by Commission Chair Tim Cole, the
Minneapolis Commission on Civil Rights rejected a challenge by the
respondent in a discrimination proceeding to the designation of a
pro-gay Commissioner to hear the case.
Streater v. Omni Northstar
Hotel, No. 92178-EM-9.
Matthew Streater filed a charge with the
Commission, alleging sexual orientation discrimination against him
by the respondent hotel.
The Chair of the Commission at the time
of filing of the complaint designated Commissioner Robert Sykora as
the presiding officer for the case.
The hotel filed a motion to
disqualify Sykora, asserting that he "has been an advocate for the
rights of gays and lesbians" and that he had a conflict of interest
that precluded his fairly hearing the case.
The conflict
allegation was based on the hotel's assertion that Sykora "is
presently the Executive Director of the Lambda Justice Center
(`LJC'), a Twin Cities gay and lesbian advocacy organization," and
that statements previously made by Sykora "cast some doubt as to
his impartiality."
Rejecting the motion, Cole found that the hotel's attorney had made
inaccurate assertions about Sykora, who served as Executive
Director of LJC several years ago, but whose had terminated his
employment with LJC before becoming a Commissioner; further, the
hotel's attorney partially premised the motion on confusion between
LJC and Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, which has
participated in the case in an amicus capacity but has no
organizational relationship to LJC.
Cole also noted that city's
civil rights ordinance specifically requires that Commission
members "be persons known to favor the principles of equal
opportunity, non-discrimination and objectives of this title";
thus, the statements relied on by the hotel in claiming Sykora was
biased were the very sort of statements that provide his
qualifications for appointment to the Commission.
"Were we to
follow the respondent's attorney's recommendation," wrote Cole,
"ultimately no commissioners would be permitted to hear cases
involving protected classes to which they belong or whose rights
they may support."
Cole also rejected the hotel's attempt to prevent the Commission
from receiving Lambda Legal Defense Fund's amicus brief.
"LLDEF is
a national organization with expertise in this area and respondent
has provided no valid reason to not accept this brief," opined
Cole, rejecting the hotel's assertion that Lambda is an "outside
group" attempting to influence the hearing process unfairly.
Finally, Cole rejected the argument that Sykora should be
disqualified because of his participation in pre-hearing attempts
to resolve the case.
A.S.L.
Gay Man Claims Discrimination By Software Maker
Dale Short is suing Adobe Systems of Mountain View, California, for
sexual orientation discrimination in violation of state law.
In an
action filed in Santa Clara County Superior Court by Short's
lawyer, Paul Wotman, the public relations specialist alleges that
a co-worker made derogatory remarks about his sexual orientation
and told others that Short was unfit to represent the company
because he is gay.
Short complained to his supervisor, but nothing
was done.
The derogatory co-worker subsequently was promoted to a
supervisory position over Short after the first supervisor left the
company.
Short complained to the human resources department, but
no action was taken, according to the complaint, and Short was
subsequently discharged while on a leave of absence.
San Francisco
Chronicle, August 18.
A.S.L.
Federal Court in Massachusetts Refuses to Dismiss Claims Against
College
In an unpublished opinion that belated turned up on Westlaw, the
U.S. District Court in Massachusetts ruled March 17 against a
motion to dismiss charges that Mount Ida College violated Title
VII, 42 U.S.C. section 1983(5) and the Massachusetts Law Against
Discrimination when it refused to allow a lesbian faculty member to
have her partner live with her in college housing.
Plaintiffs
Diane Tracy and Lori Pelletier claimed the college's actions
constituted discrimination on the basis of sex and sexual
orientation, and also that the college had retaliated against Tracy
for her filing a complaint with the state commission on
discrimination.
District Judge Wolf rejected the college's
argument that since sexual orientation discrimination has never
been found actionable under the federal statutes the case should be
dismissed, noting that the gender discrimination claims, while
perhaps weak, were nonetheless sufficient to keep the case alive in
federal court.
Without commenting on the merits, Wolf also managed
to intimate that the issue of sexual orientation discrimination
under sec. 1983(5) (which involves conspiracies by private actors
to deprive individuals of their federal civil rights) might yet be
alive in the case.
Tracy v. Mt. Ida College, 1995 WL 464909.
A.S.L.
Settlement in Same-Sex Dancing Controversy
Lambda Legal Defense Fund reports successful settlement of a claim
brought to the Cook County, Illinois, Commission on Human Rights on
behalf of four gay men who were arrested for dancing together in a
sports bar.
The bar, which summoned police when the men refused to
stop dancing, will pay a $2,000 fine to the county and post a
notice pledging compliance with the county's human rights
ordinance, which forbids sexual orientation discrimination by
places of public accommodation.
In January, 1995, an officer of
the human rights commission had recommended that a fine, damages,
and attorney fees be awarded against the bar.
A.S.L.
Domestic Partnership & Marriage Notes
Hawaii Circuit Judge Kevin Chang, hearing the pending same-sex
marriage case, has granted a continuance to the state, postponing
the trial from September to July 15, 1996.
Meanwhile, the Mormon
Church in Hawaii is desperately seeking to intervene in the
litigation, having applied to the state Supreme Court for
authorization to do so.
The Governor has appointed a new task
force, per recent legislative authorization, to study the issue of
same-sex marriage, domestic partnership, and recognition of same-
sex families.
The strategy being urged by lesbian and gay rights
organizations to focus all efforts on preparing for an eventual
ruling in Hawaii and not launch marriage challenges in other states
seems to be breaking down, as a gay couple in Ithaca, N.Y., seems
determined to pursue a marriage license, and a gay male couple in
Anchorage, Alaska, filed suit early in August with the same
objective.
Brause and Dugan v. Alaska.
The plaintiffs claim that
denial of a license to them violates the state constitution.
New York Attorney General Dennis Vacco, defending himself against
recurring charges of homophobia, announced that he had extended
domestic partnership benefit eligibility to non-unionized staff in
the state Law Department.
(Benefits eligibility had been
negotiated with the staff union under Vacco's predecessor.)
N.Y.
Law Journal, July 26, p.1. Vacco has been under fire for rescinding
an A.G. Executive Order banning sexual orientation discrimination
in the Law Department, and more recently for discharging a former
president of the Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
who was an Assistant A.G.
The Alaska Supreme Court has denied a request by the University of
Alaska for a stay of the trial court's decision in Tumeo v.
University of Alaska, 1995 WL 238359 (Super.Ct., 4th Jud.Dist.,
Alaska, Jan. 11), pending a decision on appeal.
As a result, the
University has extended domestic partnership coverage as required
by the trial court decision, effective September 1.
The trial
court held that failure to extend benefits to domestic partners
violated the state's ban on marital status discrimination in
employment.
Anchorage Daily News, July 27.
The National Danish Association for Gays and Lesbians reports that
the three Scandinavian countries that recognize registered
partnerships for same-sex couples have reached an agreement to
recognize the partnerships across national boundaries.
Thus,
couples registered in Denmark, Norway or Sweden can move among the
three countries and be recognized as family members based on the
initial registration.
This is the first such international
recognition agreement of something approach same-sex marriage.
We've learned of the following additional employers who extend
benefits to domestic partners of employees:
Emory University in
Atlanta, Georgia; The Urban Institute (which reported that during
its first enrollment period, 1.9% of its employees who were already
in the organization's health care plan enrolled domestic partners;
this constituted 1.1% of all employees of the Institute); the law
firm of Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler in New York City; the Law
School Admissions Council (which has reportedly had benefits for
several years but somehow as a small employer never showed up in
previous lists or surveys).
A lesbian couple is suing a Fresno, California, wedding chapel,
charging breach of contract.
The chapel had agreed to host a
wedding ceremony for the couple, accepting a cash deposit and then
a full payment in advance, but subsequently backed out and canceled
the ceremony.
Responding to a press inquiry, the chapel denied
that any agreement was made and asserted that state law prohibits
same-sex marriages.
The matter is pending before Judge R.L. Putnam
in Fresno Municipal Court.
Fresno Bee, July 16.
A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
The city council of Saugatuck, Michigan, a popular resort heavily
patronized by lesbians and gay men, voted 7-0 to defeat a proposed
ordinance banning sexual orientation discrimination.
The issue
came to the fore when an anti-gay incident in neighboring Douglas
led that town to adopt such an ordinance by unanimous vote.
But
city council members in Saugatuck stated that such a measure was
too controversial and might damage the resort.
Indeed, when the
matter started to stir local discussion, the city's Convention and
Visitors Bureau voted to rescind a 1992 policy opposing sexual
orientation discrimination.
Perhaps Saugatuck is no longer
interested in gay vacation dollars.
Palm Beach, Florida, county commissioners voted 4-3 on July 18
against including sexual orientation in a proposed county
discrimination ordinance, but then voted 5-2 to pass the proposed
ordinance covering the other categories already contained in
federal law.
One member of the commission pointed out that federal
funding for the local commission only covered the federal
categories, and said, "If the federal government expands its scope,
I have no problem following suit." A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
Leaders in four major religious denominations grappled with
lesbian/gay issues in recent weeks.
The Rabbinical Commission on
Human Sexuality, formed by the Conservative Jewish Movement's
Rabbinical Assembly several years ago, is poised to release a
report to the Assembly in September that will call for a rethinking
of Conservative Judaism's position on homosexuality.
The report
describes homosexuality as "so much a matter of nature" and calls
on synagogues to welcome gays as persons who are "longing to live
openly and without stigma, in committed relationships with other
Jews."
However, the report does not call for an end on the
movement's ban on ordination of openly gay rabbis and cantors.
*
* *
Conservative bishops of the Episcopal Church have been pushing
for a heresy trial for Bishop Walter C. Righter, charged with
violating church doctrine by ordaining a "practicing homosexual."
News reports suggest that the bishops may back away from the trial
if they secure an agreement among all bishops to refrain from
ordaining openly gay candidates until such time as the church
changes its official position.
* * *
The Evangelical Lutheran
Church in America continues to be torn by a proposed official
statement on human sexuality.
The first draft, submitted two years
ago, was gay-positive and caused an uproar.
The revised draft,
that was set to be presented to a churchwide assembly this year,
was gay negative ("genital sexual activity between persons of the
same gender is not in accordance with God's will"), but also proved
so controversial that members of the church's council decided to
take it off the agenda. * * * The biennial legislative meeting of
the National Youth Ministry Organization of the United Methodist
Church voted to ask the church to drop its affirmation that
homosexuality is "incompatible with Christian teaching," according
to the Religion News Service (as published in the Albany Times
Union, August 19).
The meeting also voted to ask the church to
drop its opposition to ordaining openly gay ministers or providing
church funding for gay caucus groups within the church.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and the U.S. Postal Service
have issued policy statements banning sexual orientation
discrimination in their agencies.
VA Secretary Jesse Brown
commented in his August 16 statement that "It is essential that we
recognize that diversity of culture and life styles exists among
employees, as it does in our veteran population."
Postmaster
General Marvin Runyon's statement of July 14 mentioned both
"harassment" and "disparate treatment" on the basis of sexual
orientation as neither permitted nor condoned in the Postal
Service.
Washington Blade, August 18.
In a further expansion of the asylum rights of lesbian and gay
aliens resident in the United States, Joseph E. Langlois, the
Asylum Director for the Immigration and Nationality Service office
in Newark, New Jersey, granted an asylum application from a gay
Iranian who did not "come out" until after coming to the U.S., so
thus had never been subject to persecution for homosexuality in
Iran (where it is a capital offense).
Langlois accepted the
argument that the applicant, who was represented by Lambda Legal
Defense, had a "well-founded fear of persecution" if he were to be
deported back to Iran, now that he is openly gay.
(Surprisingly,
an asylum claimed filed by a gay Iranian in The Netherlands was
rejected by Dutch officials, according to a recent report in The
Washington Blade, July 28.)
At its annual meeting in August, the American Bar Association's
Silver Gavel Award for excellence in legal journalism was given to
The Washington Blade for its series of four long feature articles
by Lisa Keen about anti-gay ballot initiates and the lawsuits
challenging them in Colorado and Cincinnati.
Keen, a senior editor
at the Blade, specializes in reporting on lesbian and gay legal
issues.
Yet another parade controversy: organizers of the 15th Annual India
Day Parade in New York refused to allow a lesbian and gay group to
participate.
The organizers also barred Sakhi, a women's group
that serves victims of domestic violence, from marching.
The
organizers took the position that because both of these groups
include members from all South Asian countries, not just India,
they were not qualified to participate.
Several public officials
boycotted the parade as a result of the exclusions.
Newsday,
August 14.
A.S.L.
International Notes
The Magistrate Court in Tel Aviv, Israel, has awarded the
equivalent of $50,000 in damages to an Israeli basketball player
who claims to have been defamed by being publicly identified as gay
in a newspaper headline.
The player, Shimon Amsalem, is
customarily taunted by rival players during games as "Amsalem the
Faggot."
Ha'ir, a weekly local newspaper in Tel Aviv with a
reputation of being pro-gay, headlined a news report from last
year's Gay Games in New York as follows: "Amsalem Is Not Alone."
Amsalem, claiming he is not gay and that the headline defamed him,
apparently persuaded the court that the newspaper's conduct was
actionable, even though Israel decriminalized consensual sodomy
many years ago and is in the forefront of legal protection and
recognition for lesbians and gay men.
The judge commented that
because a large segment of society would still consider
homosexuality to be stigmatized, Amsalem is entitled to damages.
The newspaper has appealed the decision to the District Court.
This report is based on details supplied by an Israeli lawyer.
President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, Africa, stirred international
protests after directing that the Zimbabwe International Book Fair
withdraw an exhibit stand that it had allocated to a small local
gay-rights group.
At his appearance opening the fair, Mugabe
stated that gays were "perverts" who deserved no human rights.
Seventy members of the U.S. Congress signed a letter to Mugabe,
denouncing his position.
Mugabe's response?
"These senators
should tell us now if they want to be pregnant. . .
Let the gays
be gays in the United States and Europe, but they shall be sad
people here."
Mugabe stated that homosexual conduct should be a
criminal offense like theft.
Diplomats were quoted as being
puzzled by Mugabe's sudden anti-gay campaigning, commenting that
gay rights had never been a significant issue in Zimbabwe.
Washington Times report by Deutsche Presse Agentur, published
August 20.
The Finnish government is expected to enact a sexual orientation
discrimination law on September 1, and will next address proposals
to equalize the age of consent for gay and non-gay sex and to
recognize same-sex relationships.
Washington Blade, July 28.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Abby Rubenfeld was elected chair of the American Bar Association's
Section on Individual Rights and Responsibilities at the
Association's annual meeting in Chicago.
Rubenfeld is a former
managing attorney of Lambda Legal Defense Fund and former co-chair
of the National Lesbian & Gay Law Association (NLGLA). Rubenfeld is
also a long-time member of LeGaL.
At a national board meeting
coinciding with the ABA meeting, NLGLA designated Mark Agrast of
Washington, D.C., as NLGLA's member of the ABA's House of
Delegates.
NLGLA is an affiliated organization of the ABA.
Long-time LeGaL member Christopher R. Lynn, recently appointed
chair of the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission, was
featured in a "Talk of the Town" article in the July 17 issue of
The New Yorker.
Lynn is Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's first openly-gay
appointee as head of a city agency, and previously served on the
civilian police review board.
The ACLU of Southern California announced the appointment of Taylor
Flynn to fill the staff position vacated by Jon Davidson, who has
become managing attorney at Lambda Legal Defense Fund's Los Angeles
office.
Flynn is a graduate of Columbia University Law School, and
she is completing a fellowship at Stanford Law School.
Her thesis
on the gays in the military controversy is scheduled for
publication in the Iowa Law Review.
Flynn's litigation
responsibilities at the ACLU will include both sexual orientation
and AIDS law issues.
Ed Flanagan, an attorney elected three years ago to be Vermont's
State Auditor, came out as openly gay, thus becoming the only
openly gay or lesbian person presently holding a statewide elective
office.
Flanagan told the Associated Press that he felt he had to
come out now because of hostility toward gays expressed in
Congress.
"I think public bigotry creates a moral obligation to
respond publicly," he said, adding that in light of Vermont's
climate of tolerance and respect for privacy and human rights, he
did not expect coming out to affect his political future in the
state.
At its annual meeting in Chicago in August, the American Bar
Association House of Delegates approved a resolution by the Young
Lawyers Division condemning bias in words or conduct by lawyers in
the course of their professional activities on the basis of race,
religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation or
socio-economic status.
The resolution does not amend the ABA's
Model Rules of Professional Conduct; however, some states have
amended their model rules to make discriminatory conduct by lawyers
an ethical violation, although the state laws vary with respect to
the categories of discrimination covered and the degree to which
they cover speech.
We note with sadness the death of Daniel W. Meyer, 80, who was our
first contributing writer.
Long-time Law Notes readers may
remember the series of articles about the criminal laws of the
states affecting homosexual conduct that Dan wrote for Law Notes
over a period of about six years during the mid-1980s.
This was
his major post-retirement project when he left active law practice.
Dan was a charming person, and a precise, graceful writer whose
important contribution to our knowledge about the law reform tasks
that lie before us were a great benefit to those who avidly
followed the series.
Dan was a graduate of Columbia Law School and
had a long and productive career as a labor lawyer representing
unions and progressive causes in New York City.
In retirement, he
was an active member of Senior Action in a Gay Environment, a
friend to many, and a loyal supporter of LeGaL in its various
incarnations.
A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Massachusetts High Court Approves Schools Condom Program
A program allowing junior and senior high school students to obtain
condoms in schools and receive literature on HIV and AIDS does not
violate parents' constitutional rights to oversee the upbringing of
their children, ruled the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts
on July 17.
Writing for the court, Chief Justice Paul J. Liacos
held in Curtis v. School Committee of Falmouth, 420 Mass. 749, 652
N.E.2d 580, that the voluntary program "does not supplant the
parents' role as advisor in the moral and religious development of
their children.
In January 1992, the Falmouth school committee authorized the
superintendent of schools to establish a "program of condom
availability."
Students in grades 7 - 12 could request condoms
from school nurses, and students in the town's high school could
purchase condoms from a vending machine.
Before receiving condoms
from the school nurse, students would be counseled and given
literature on HIV and AIDS.
The committee also directed the
superintendent to stress abstinence as the only certain method of
avoiding sexually transmitted diseases.
A parents group brought suit, claiming that the lack of an opt-out
provision violated their 14th amendment due process rights by
depriving them of the power to control their children's education,
and also violated their right to free exercise of religion under
the 1st amendment.
A lower court granted summary judgment to the
school committee.
In the Supreme Judicial Court, amicus briefs
were filed by the ACLU, the state's Attorney General, and the
American Jewish Congress.
Upholding the summary judgment, Liacos noted, "The condom
availability program is in all respects voluntary and in no way
intrudes into the realm of constitutionally protected rights."
Citing Epperson v. Arkansas, 393 U.S. 97 (1968), Liacos wrote,
"Courts do not and cannot intervene in the resolution of conflicts
which arise in the daily operation of school systems and which do
not directly and sharply implicate basic constitutional values."
He asserted that the condom distribution program is wholly unlike
the compulsory requirements at issue in Pierce v. Society of
Sisters, 268 U.S. 510 (1925), and Meyer v. Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390
(1923), relied on by the plaintiffs.
In this case, the plaintiffs
"have failed to demonstrate how interests are burdened by the
condom availability program to an extent which would constitute an
unconstitutional interference by the State."
The requirement that
parents send their children to school "does not vest the condom
program with the aura of `compulsion' necessary to make out a
viable claim of deprivation of a fundamental constitutional right."
"Students are not required to seek out and accept condoms, read the
literature accompanying them, or participate in counseling
regarding their use," Liacos declared.
"In other words, the
students are free to decline to participate in the program."
And
while the existence of the program "may offend the religious
sensibilities of the plaintiffs, mere exposure at public schools to
offensive programs does not amount to a violation of free exercise
of religion."
Under the doctrine set out in Epperson, he noted,
"parents have no right to tailor public school programs to meet
their individual religions or preferences."
The plaintiffs pointed to a ruling by the New York Appellate
Division, Alfonso v. Fernandez, 195 App. Div. 2d 46 (1993), in
which the court found condom distribution to be a medical service
requiring parental consent.
They also raised Planned Parenthood v.
Casey, 112 S.Ct. 2791 (1992), to support their claim that parents
have a constitutionally protected interest in a child's decision to
bear children.
In refuting these precedents, Liacos said that
Alfonso turned on a question of state statutory construction, and
the Supreme Judicial Court disagreed with its reasoning.
The
analogy to the requirement of parental notification for abortion in
Casey is also inapt, he noted, because "the two situations are
hardly comparable: abortion involves a medical procedure, while
obtaining a condom does not."
The court's decision was unanimous.
M.N.S.
Ohio Supreme Court Rules Out Liability in False-Positive HIV Test
Case
Affirming a grant of summary judgment in favor of the defendants,
the Ohio Supreme Court ruled 5-2 on August 16 that a person who
allegedly suffered severe emotional distress as a result of being
incorrectly told that she was HIV+ may not bring a tort action
against the doctor, hospital and laboratory involved.
Heiner v.
Moretuzzo, 73 Ohio St.3d 80, 652 N.E.2d 664.
Plaintiff Patricia Heiner, seeking to conceive a child through
alternative insemination, visited Dr. Richard Moretuzzo, a
physician specializing in the area, who drew blood for various
diagnostic tests, including HIV.
The Red Cross lab informed
Moretuzzo that the blood tested HIV+; he telephoned Heiner and told
her about the positive test, indicating that a confirmatory test
would be run.
The Red Cross lab ran a second test on the same
blood sample, which was again positive, and Moretuzzo relayed this
information to Heiner and referred her to an infectious disease
specialist, Dr. Gardner, who drew a new sample that tested
negative, as did a follow-up sample.
Heiner sued Moretuzzo, Akron
General Hospital, and the Red Cross for negligent infliction of
emotional distress.
Writing for the court, Justice Douglas reviewed the evolution of
judicial recognition of the tort of negligent infliction of
emotional distress in Ohio, and concluded that when the courts
abandoned the requirement for a showing of a contemporaneous
physical injury in emotional distress cases, they nonetheless had
retained a requirement that recovery be limited to severe cases of
emotional distress arising out of exposure to actual danger.
In
this case, Douglas observed, Heiner's fear arose from a
"nonexistent peril" because she was never exposed to HIV.
After rejecting several variations of Heiner's basic argument in
support of liability on these facts, Douglas commented: "As a final
matter, we do not in any way dispute the legitimacy of appellant's
claims that she suffered serious emotional injuries when diagnosed
HIV positive.
We have no doubt that the emotional injuries
suffered by this appellant were real and debilitating.
However,
the facts of this case remind us that not every wrong is deserving
of a legal remedy.
Appellant was not HIV positive and never faced
an actual physical peril as a result of appellees' alleged
negligence.
While we remain vigilant in our efforts to ensure an
individual's `right to emotional tranquillity' (see Paugh, 6 Ohio
St.3d at 74, 6 OBR at 116, 451 N.E.2d at 763), we decline to expand
the law to permit recovery on the facts of this case."
The decision brought a dissent from Justice Resnick, joined by
Justice Pfeifer.
While recognizing that it would be inappropriate
to adopt strict liability for every instance of a false-positive
HIV test being reported to a patient, Resnick contended that
Heiner's factual allegations, if construed most favorably as
required on a defense summary judgment motion, "alleged more than
the mere fact that she received a report of a false positive HIV
test.
She alleged that the testing was negligently conducted, in
part because the apparently faulty original sample was retested
when a new sample should have been drawn immediately for the
retest.
She also alleged that the test results were negligently
conveyed to her, in that Dr. Moretuzzo informed her of the
devastating news over the telephone, rather than in a face-to-face
meeting." Resnick concluded that Heiner had "raised a jury question
regarding appellees' negligence," arguing that the lower courts
should be reversed and Heiner given a chance to prove negligence at
trial.
A.S.L.
Ohio Appeals Court Reverses Summary Judgment; Orders Trial for PWA
Alleging Discrimination in Hospital
In Fisk v. Rooney, 1995 WL 450258 (Ohio App. 4 Dist., July 24),
Fisk, a person with AIDS, sued Rooney, a treating physician, and
the Southern Ohio Medical Center (SOMC) for failure to treat him in
SOMC's emergency room, and for defendant's alleged discriminatory
practices under O.R.C. 4112.02(G) and 4112.99, which forbid denial
of access to public accommodations on the basis of race, sex,
color, religion, handicap, and for intentional infliction of
emotional distress.
Fisk came to the emergency room at SOMC complaining of abdominal
pains and advised the emergency personnel that he was HIV+.
He was
advised that he probably had appendicitis.
The emergency room
physician told Fisk that Rooney, a surgeon, had refused to treat
him, and that Fisk would be referred to another hospital in the
area for treatment.
Rooney alleged that he advised that he would
treat Fisk if Fisk were refused treatment at the other hospital.
Fisk was transferred to the other hospital at his own expense after
an 8 or 9 hour delay; there it was determined that he would not
need surgery.
Fisk was treated and released after being held
several days for observation.
Suit was filed in February, 1994.
Defendant's motion for summary
judgment was granted by the trial court on July 25, 1994. The trial
court based its decision in large part on an affidavit submitted by
the administrator of the emergency room at SOMC, Dr. Wheeler, which
purported to give expert testimony as to the appropriateness of the
care given at SOMC's emergency room.
However, the appellate court
reversed the decision as to the first count of Fisk's complaint
because Dr. Wheeler's affidavit failed to set out his expertise to
evaluate claims for medical malpractice.
This rendered the
affidavit fatally deficient under Ohio Rule of Evidence 601(D).
The appellate court also found other issues of material fact
requiring trial.
The appellate court then considered whether SOMC was a public
accommodation under Ohio law.
The court expressly noted that HIV
infection was referenced as a disease included under the purview of
O.R.C. 4112.01(16)(A), and that Ohio Adm. Code 4112-5-02 expressly
included dispensaries, clinics and hospitals within the meaning of
"public accommodation."
The court found that Fisk had stated a
case under O.R.C. 4112.02(G) which the Appellees had failed to
rebut because the affidavit of their expert was defective on its
face.
Finally, the appellate court ruled that because the claim for
failure to treat was not resolved, Fisk's claim for intentional
infliction of emotional distress also was not resolved, and the
trial court should not have granted summary judgment on that claim,
either.
S.K.
HIV+ Rapist's Attempted Murder Conviction Upheld
A Maryland appellate court ruled that a rapist who knows he is HIV+
may be convicted of attempted murder or assault with intent to
murder.
Smallwood v. State of Maryland, 1995 WL 411379 (Ct.
Special App. of Md., July 13).
While incarcerated in 1991, appellant Smallwood was diagnosed HIV+
and said that he would practice safe sex in order to avoid
transmitting the virus.
In 1993, Smallwood and an accomplice
robbed a woman at gunpoint; according to an agreed statement of
facts, Smallwood then sexually assaulted the woman, causing "slight
penetration," without a condom.
Convicted in a bench trial,
Smallwood received concurrent sentences for armed robbery and
attempted rape.
Based on his HIV status, Smallwood also received
concurrent sentences for attempted murder, assault with intent to
murder, and reckless endangerment.
Smallwood argued that the
evidence could not support a conviction of attempted murder or
assault with intent to commit murder.
The appeals court, per Justice Bishop, noted that its role was to
determine "whether, after viewing the evidence in the light most
favorable to the prosecution, any rational trier of fact could have
found the essential elements of the crime beyond a reasonable
doubt."
The court also observed that the crime of attempt
"consists of a specific intent to commit a particular offense
coupled with some overt act in furtherance of the intent that goes
beyond mere preparation," and that specific intent to murder is
established by "the specific intent to kill under circumstances
that would not legally justify the killing or mitigate it to
manslaughter;" the trier of fact may infer intent from the
circumstances.
The court cited cases from other jurisdictions
upholding convictions where HIV+ defendants were convicted of
attempted murder for spitting, Weeks v. State, 834 S.W.2d 559
(Tex.Ct.App. 1992); biting, State v. Smith, 621 A.2d 493
(N.J.Super.Ct.App.Div. 1993); and otherwise assaulting their
victims, State v. Haines, 545 N.E.2d 834 (Ind.Ct.App. 1989).
The
court stated that Smallwood knew he could transmit a lethal virus
by committing rape without a condom, and ruled that the trier of
fact could infer that he had intended the foreseeable consequences
of his actions.
The court thus upheld the convictions, although it
ruled sua sponte that the conviction for assault with intent to
murder should be merged, for sentencing purposes, into the
conviction for attempted murder.
Dissenting, Justice Bloom argued that the evidence supported two
contradictory inferences as to Smallwood's mental state: specific
intent to murder, which would support the convictions, and the
wanton, reckless indifference that would support a conviction for
the lesser crime of reckless endangerment.
Bloom added that the
second presumption was more convincing because, if Smallwood had
intended to kill, he would have used his gun rather than relying on
the speculative chance of transmitting HIV.
Noting that each of
the majority's cited cases involved an unarmed defendant who was
trying to kill using the only means available, Bloom concluded that
the evidence supported a conviction for reckless endangerment
rather than attempted murder.
O.R.D.
Illinois Appeals Court Affirms Negligence Finding Against Blood
Bank in HIV Transfusion Case; Texas Appeals Court Reverses Second
Summary Judgment in Transfusion Case
The Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, affirmed the
judgment of a district court (on a jury verdict) holding United
Blood Services liable in negligence for HIV transmission that
occurred during a February 1984 surgical procedure at Illinois
Masonic Medical Center.
Advincula v. United Blood Services, 1995
WL 497249.
Rejecting the Blood Service's argument that it
fulfilled its duty of care by following blood collection and
screening procedures in common use at the time, a majority of the
appellate court panel upheld the trial court's interpretation of
Illinois's Blood Liability Act (745 ILCS 40/2), the trial court
holding that a blood bank's duty is not conclusively established by
reference to the "standards of the profession" at the time the
transmission occurred.
All three judges on the panel wrote opinions.
Justice Scariano,
author of the lead opinion, seized upon the language of the
statute, which states that blood banks are held to warrant "that
[they have] exercised due care and followed professional standards
of care in providing the service according to the current state of
the medical arts. . ."
According to Scariano, the "plain meaning"
of this statute "requires our holding that blood banks are mandated
both to follow professional standards and to exercise due care, as
indicated by the use of the conjunctive in the statute; if
professional standards are not sufficient to constitute due care,
blood banks are required to take measures beyond those followed by
the profession in order to meet the standard of care."
The trial
record contained evidence from which a jury could conclude that at
the time of the transfusion, a reasonable blood bank would have
taken steps beyond what was then the standard practice in the
profession to prevent transfusion with HIV-infected blood.
Scariano acknowledged that some courts have limited blood banks'
duty to the "prevailing custom in the profession," but noted
several appellate decisions in other jurisdictions imposing the
higher standard.
Justice Divito concurred, but wrote separately to indicate his
preference for remanding for jury reconsideration, because the
court's explication of the statutory standard differed in some ways
from how the jury in this case had been instructed.
However, he
decided to concur because he found Justice Scariano's analysis and
"its application of caselaw precedent" to be "defensible."
In
dissent, Justice McCormick argued that the majority had misapplied
"the plain language of the statute" and failed "to implement the
apparent intent" of the act, resulting in "a standard of care
which, I fear, few professionals can meet."
McCormick charged that
it is "sheer arrogance for the legal community, in hindsight, to
question the professional judgment of those responding to the AIDS
crisis in its early phases."
McCormick retired from the court
shortly after the argument was held in this case.
The jury award
in the case was $2.14 million in damages; the plaintiff was the
surviving widow of the surgical patient, suing individually and as
special administrator of his estate.
* * *
In Longoria v. United
Blood Services, 1995 WL 457599 (Tex.App., Aug. 3), the Texas Court
of Appeals has for the second time reversed a summary judgment in
a long-running HIV transfusion suit for wrongful death brought by
Juan and Maria Longoria stemming from the AIDS death of their
daughter.
(A previous summary judgment was reversed at 771 S.W.2d
663.)
In this judgment, the trial court ruled that there were no
remaining controverted facts regarding the issue of the defendant's
duty of care with respect to a 1982 blood transfusion, having
decided against allowing expert testimony from Dr. Melvin N.
Kramer, who alleged in an affidavit that the Blood Service should
have been testing donors in 1982 for CMV infection and other
diseases typical of the AIDS "risk groups."
Kramer is a doctor of
public health, not a doctor of medicine, and the trial judge found
he was not qualified as an expert for this purpose.
The appeals
court disagreed, finding that Kramer's educational credentials were
sufficient and that his affidavits did create a factual conflict
over the duty of care, to be resolved at trial.
The appeals court also rejected a finding that the action was time-
barred.
The Longorias didn't file their action until after the
death of their daughter, which occurred more than two years after
she learned of her HIV status.
However, she died before reaching
age 18, and the court found that the statute of limitations in
claims by a minor is tolled until the age of majority.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Finds No Discrimination in Firing HIV+ Employee for
Sexual Harassment
The U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan
granted an employer's motion for summary judgment against an
employee's claim that he was fired for being HIV+.
In Brown v.
Sprint, 1995 WL 428421 (July 14), plaintiff's employment with the
defendant had been terminated following investigations into two
accusations of sexual harassment against female employees.
Plaintiff brought suit claiming that his termination was due to his
being HIV+.
In granting the motion, Judge Gadola found that plaintiff had
failed to make out a prima facie case of disability discrimination,
since he had presented no evidence that the defendant acted with
requisite discriminatory intent.
Plaintiff was unable to show that
anyone at his workplace was aware of his HIV status and, indeed,
had indicated in his deposition testimony that no one at the office
was so aware.
The court was unwilling to accept plaintiff's
inference that the employer must have known of his medical
condition given his deteriorating job performance and weight loss.
Furthermore, plaintiff was unable to show that the defendant's
reason for terminating plaintiff's employment, the sexual
harassment claims, were merely pretextual.
After an extensive
investigation into the earlier sexual harassment claim, plaintiff's
employer conducted a comparatively short investigation into the
second sexual harassment claim.
This, however, was insufficient to
convince the court that the defendant was merely "cooking up an
excuse to fire him because he was HIV positive" or that the second
investigation was "flimsy, inadequate, or inferior" to the earlier
one, as the Plaintiff had alleged.
R.B.
Federal Court Awards Compensatory and Punitive Damages Against
Dentist Who Refused Treatment to HIV+ Patient
Granting a motion for default judgment, District Judge Brotman
(D.N.J.) ruled August 15 that Dr. Howard Bloom and Madison Dental
Centre violated federal and state laws against disability
discrimination by places of public accommodation by refusing
treatment to plaintiff D.B. after learning that he was HIV+.
D.B.
v. Bloom, 1995 WL 490481.
D.B. suffered a cracked tooth in an auto accident in August, 1992.
He went to Madison Dental Centre for treatment in November, after
seeing an advertisement in a free newspaper circulated to mass
transit passengers in the Philadelphia and South New Jersey
regions.
D.B. had tested HIV+, but did not reveal this to Dr.
Bloom for fear that he would be denied service.
D.B. returned to
Dr. Bloom to have the damaged tooth extracted on December 1.
D.B.
was sitting in the chair, prepped for the procedure, when an
argument broke out between Bloom and D.B. about use of general
anesthesia, in light of D.B.'s functional heart murmur.
They
decided to consult D.B.'s personal physician.
When they phoned,
D.B.'s physician was unavailable but the medical director came on
line and asked D.B. for permission to inform Bloom that D.B. was
HIV+.
D.B. reluctantly acquiesced to this request and put Bloom on
the phone.
D.B. alleges that Bloom "went totally blank" and left
the room for a few minutes, leaving D.B. sitting in the chair.
Bloom returned and, in the presence of an assistant, told D.B. that
he could no longer offer him service and would refer him to a
"special clinic for HIV."
As he left, D.B. heard Bloom talking
about the situation to other staff members, and the subsequent
referral was to Camcare, described as "a facility that provides
services to the medically indigent and mentally ill."
As a result of this experience, D.B. suffered emotional distress
that manifested itself in significant physical symptoms, including
weight loss, depression requiring drug therapy, and suicidal urges,
as well as social consequences, including the end of D.B.'s
relationship with his partner and strain in his relationship with
his roommates.
D.B. asserted a claim for emotional distress
damages as well as federal and state statutory discrimination
claims.
The defendants failed to comply with discovery requests
and rulings by the federal magistrate, who recommended entry of
default judgment, which the court granted.
Judge Brotman found that the dental center was covered as a "public
accommodation" under both the ADA and the New Jersey Law Against
Discrimination, and that D.B.'s allegations and pretrial testimony
"conclusively establish that he was denied services and equal
treatment by both defendants by virtue of his disability."
Because
compensatory and punitive damages are available under the statutory
claims, Brotman decided it was unnecessary to rule on the tort
claims.
Finding "defendant's actions to be particularly offensive
in light of their status as licensed health care providers who
ought to be aware of and practice universal precautions" and that
"defendants must recognize that such an experience could inhibit
HIV-positive persons from seeking important medical services thus
discouraging them from obtaining what they need even more than the
average person -- regular, careful health monitoring," Brotman
awarded D.B. $25,000 in compensatory damages and $25,000 in
punitive damages, and awarded attorney fees in the amount of
$31,967.61.
The fee figure reflects a reduction from total hours
claimed, to account for 7.4 hours that D.B.'s attorneys,
cooperating attorneys for the ACLU of New Jersey, spent with media
representatives discussing the case.
"As a matter of law,"
commented Brotman, "this kind of activity attorneys generally do at
their own expense."
A.S.L.
Federal Court Affirms Punitive Damages Award Against Doctor and
Hospital in Denial of Treatment Case
In Howe v. Hull, 873 F.Supp. 72 (N.D.Ohio 1994), District Judge
John Potter found that Dr. Charles Hull and Fremont Memorial
Hospital violated the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) when
they denied Fred Charon, a person with AIDS, admission to the
hospital for treatment of an allergic drug reaction.
A jury had
previously found that the defendants' actions violated section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, imposing non-discrimination
requirements on recipients of federal funding.
In a new decision
issued August 2, Judge Potter dealt with post-trial motions by the
defendants attacking the jury verdict and award of compensatory and
punitive damages to the estate of Charon.
In brief, Potter denied
all challenges to the verdict, holding, among other things, that
compensatory and punitive damages are recoverable under section
504, even in cases where the individual plaintiff died prior to
judgment.
This ruling is especially significant because the
counterpart provisions of the ADA do not authorize the award of
monetary damages in an action challenging discrimination by places
of public accommodation.
In addition, Judge Potter rejected the
application of the so-called "medical decision" exception to this
case; some courts have held that section 504 does not apply to
medical decisions by doctors or hospitals, but Potter found
evidence in the record from which the jury could conclude that the
refusal to admit Charon to the hospital had to do with factors
other than purely medical decisions.
Finally, Potter rejected the
defendants' challenge to his decision to excuse a potential juror
whose comments during voir dire revealed a bias against people who
contracted HIV through gay sex.
(The facts of the case, in brief,
were that Charon and his lover, Bruce Howe, were traveling through
Ohio when Charon suffered a sudden allergic reaction and Howe
brought him to the emergency room, where the admitting physician,
Dr. Hull, refused to admit him despite the recommendation of the
emergency room attending physician.)
The plaintiff was represented
by Marc Elovitz of the ACLU AIDS & Civil Liberties Project.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Keeps HIV+ Bank Robber Imprisoned for Compassionate
Purposes
District Judge Aldrich ruled in United States v. Streat, 1995 WL
461761 (N.D.Ohio, Aug. 3), on remand from 22 F.3d 109 (6th Cir.
1994), that Carlo Streat, a convicted bank robber who suffers from
end-stage AIDS, was entitled to a downward departure from federal
sentencing guidelines to time served, since his physical condition
was such that he was "hospice-eligible."
On the other hand, Judge
Aldrich found, in light of Streat's financial and social condition,
that if his sentence was altered to time served, "Streat would be
released from the hospital where he is currently located [the U.S.
Medical Center for Federal Prisoners].
Streat has no assets, no
medical insurance or coverage, and no relatives or friends on whom
he could rely for comfort during his final days.
Ironically, and
tragically, a downward departure in this case would result in
Streat's immediate release from the federal hospital, leaving
Streat to die on the streets without anyone to whom he could turn
for assistance or support.
In this unfortunate circumstance, a
downward departure would result in a punishment far greater than
that currently faced by Streat."
Accordingly, Aldrich ruled that
Streat's original sentence of 63 months in prison should stand.
A.S.L.
North Carolina Court Reinstates Blind Social Worker Who Refused To
Train PWA
A blind social worker who refused to train a PWA (rendered blind by
his illness) in the use of sharp instruments and utensils should
not have been dismissed from her job, said the Court of Appeals of
North Carolina in "Mendenhall v. No. Car. Dept. of Human
Resources", 1995 WL 464232 (Aug. 1).
Thelma Lu Mendenhall, a
legally blind social worker for the North Carolina Division of
Services for the Blind was randomly assigned to provide independent
living services, including retraining, to a client who had become
blind as a result of AIDS.
Because Mendenhall was only able to
instruct by touch, she was concerned that she would put herself at
an unreasonable risk of infection if she trained the client with
knives, scissors and other sharp instruments.
When she requested
a copy of her employer's AIDS policy, she received no reply.
Upon
learning that a patient who has suffered blindness as a result of
AIDS is in the most contagious stage of the disease, she requested
training in techniques to safely instruct her client in the use of
knives and other sharp instruments.
However, she was merely told
to avoid physical contact, an impossible task since she was only
able to instruct by touch because of her own impairment. In fact,
her employer failed to provide any training that took into account
Mendenhall's blindness.
Thus, when she was ordered to complete her
assessment of the client and initiate services, she refused and was
terminated from her job for insubordination.
After Mendenhall failed to achieve reinstatement through a three-
step grievance process, an administrative law judge found that her
termination had been without just cause and that the employer had
failed to make reasonable accommodation for her handicap in
violation of North Carolina law. Despite the ALJ's recommendation,
the State Personnel Commission upheld her dismissal.
Upon review,
the lower court reversed the dismissal as erroneous, finding it was
based upon an unreasonable assignment and violated due process.
Furthermore, the court found that her insubordination was not
willful because it was based upon reasonable fears of contagion.
The Court of Appeals upheld the lower court's decision reinstating
and reimbursing Mendenhall, reasoning that the agency's assignment
of this client to her was unreasonable and that her fear was
sufficiently grounded in fact.
The court cited the lack of proper
training, the heightened risk of infection because of the use of
sharp objects, and the reasonableness of her fears of exposure
based upon her research into the risk of servicing this client
coupled with her own impairment.
H.G.U.
Federal Court Dismisses 8th Amendment Claims By Prisoners Premised
on Fear of AIDS
In Martin v. Vaughn, 1995 WL 458977 (E.D.Pa., May 30)(not
officially published), District Judge Padova rejected claims by two
state inmates that their 8th amendment rights were violated because
the prison "failed to implement adequate procedures to screen food
handlers for HIV and other communicable diseases."
Padova
dismissed the complaint on two grounds.
First, the court found
that the plaintiffs lacked standing to raise these claims,
commenting that they had not alleged that either of them had
actually contracted HIV "or that they have any possibility of doing
so because of the allegedly inadequate screening process."
Their
only alleged injury was fear or mental anguish, which Padova found
insufficient to ground an 8th amendment claim.
Secondly, Padova
found that the complaint failed to state a claim under the
"deliberate indifference" standard established by the Supreme Court
for prisoner claims of cruel and unusual punishment, citing prior
federal court decisions rejecting 8th amendment "fear of AIDS"
claims.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Rules Demand for Money Damages in ADA Case Is
Irrevocable Once Jury Trial Is Granted
Sidney Abbott sued Dr. Randon Bragdon (a dentist) under the
American With Disabilities Act, claiming Bragdon unlawfully refused
dental services because Abbott is HIV+.
In her first complaint,
Abbott did not state a claim for monetary damages, but she
subsequently moved to amend to add such a claim.
Bragdon then
demanded a jury trial, and the court granted this request.
Then
Abbott moved to amend again, revoking the monetary damage claim,
explicitly because she sought to avoid a jury trial.
District
Judge Brody found that under Rule 39 of the Federal Rules, once a
jury trial demand has been granted, the trial "shall be by jury,
unless (1) the parties. . .consent. . . or (2) the court. . .finds
that a right of trial by jury of some or all of those issues does
not exist under the Constitution or statutes of the United States."
Thus, Brody denied Abbot's motion to amend to remove the monetary
damage claim.
Abbot v. Bragdon, 1995 WL 455751 (D.Maine, July 25).
A.S.L.
Court Approves Consent Decree Settling HIV Discrimination Case
Where Co-Workers Voted to Exclude PWA
When "John Doe" told his employer, Gulf Grinding Company, that he
had AIDS, his supervisor distributed ballots to Doe's fellow
employees, asking them to vote on whether Doe should be allowed to
continue working with them.
Half of the employees voted to fire
Doe, with enough of the rest abstaining to create a majority
against him, and Doe was fired.
The EEOC sued Gulf Grinding on
Doe's behalf.
On July 21, U.S. District Judge Lee Rosenthal
(S.D.Tex.) approved a consent decree under which Gulf will pay Doe
$65,000, give him neutral references for future employment, and
provide management employees training on their responsibilities
under federal discrimination laws, including the ADA.
The company
also agreed to establish confidentiality policies for employee
medical information, and to refrain in future from bringing any
issues about employee discharges to fellow employees for a vote.
BNA Daily Labor Report No. 157, August 15, 1995.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Approves $100,000 Settlement in AIDS Discrimination
Suit
U.S. District Judge Ewing Werlein, S.D. Texas, approved a
settlement in EEOC v. Chemtech International Corp., No. H-94-2848,
on August 23.
Under the settlement, Girsa, Inc., successor to the
named defendant corporation, will pay $50,000 in damages to Joe
Puga, a person with AIDS who was employed by Chemtech and was
discharged while on a medical leave of absence.
As part of the
settlement, Girsa's insurance carrier will provide up to $50,000
worth of health insurance benefits, and Girsa will provide AIDS
training to its staff.
The case is actually most noteworthy on
jurisdictional grounds.
It seems that Chemtech, at the time of the
original filing of the complaint, sought to avoid ADA liability on
the ground that it had fewer than 25 employees, the number required
when the complaint was filed.
However, the court found that
Chemtech and the other company with which Chemtech merged to form
Girsa, taken together, met the statutory number, treating them as
an "integrated enterprise."
See BNA Daily Labor Report No. 165,
Aug. 25, 1995.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
The Associated Press reported in mid-July that a blue ribbon panel
appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala to
study the response of government and industry to the problem of
HIV-contamination of the blood supply during the early years of the
epidemic had concluded that mistakes and omissions to act at all
levels of the blood supply system had contributed to the failure to
prevent HIV transmission to hemophiliacs and transfusion
recipients.
The 14-member committee's report was harshly critical
of the FDA, the blood banking industry, and physicians who failed
to warn their patients.
The legislature of North Carolina, in its infinite wisdom in
protecting the public health, enacted House Bill 834, effective
July 29, which mandates that schools in that state develop AIDS
education programs that tell students the only way to avoid getting
AIDS is to restrict their sexual activity to a monogamous,
heterosexual marital relationship.
Any educational program that
mentions homosexual transmission of HIV is supposed to inform
students that such sexual activity is illegal under North
Carolina's sodomy law.
That's deter 'em!
The New York State Legislature has failed for two years to act on
legislative proposals concerning HIV-testing of newborns and
communication of test results to parents.
Now Gov. George Pataki
and Attorney General Dennis Vacco appear to be taking matters into
their own hands, by reportedly negotiating a settlement in a
lawsuit filed against the state by the Association to Benefit
Children.
According to an August 7 Associated Press article
published in the Buffalo News, Vacco and Pataki have said they
agree with the plaintiffs' position.
A grievance board for Congressional employees upheld a claim by
Bruce Taylor, a former assistant to U.S. Rep. Barbara-Rose Collins,
that Collins dismissed Tayler because she feared he had AIDS.
Taylor was fired in December two days after his partner died of
AIDS.
The Office of Fair Employment Practice rejected Collins'
argument that Taylor's firing was part of an overall staff
reduction.
Under the ADA, discrimination against someone because
they are associated with a PWA is unlawful.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund is accepting applications for
the Managing Attorney position in its Western Regional Office in
Los Angeles.
The managing attorney is responsible for
administration of the office, working with a supervising attorney,
development associate, legal assistant, administrative assistant,
law clerks and student interns.
The managing attorney will also
spend part of her/his time working on Lambda cases, public
speaking, and public relations/media work.
Management experience
and at least five years practice experience is preferred, as well
as demonstrated awareness of and commitment to concerns of
lesbians, gay men, people with HIV/AIDS, and a firm commitment to
multiculturalism.
People of color, women and people with
disabilities are especially encouraged to apply.
Salary to mid
$50's, depending on experience, plus benefits.
Resumes and writing
samples should be sent immediately to Kevin Cathcart, Executive
Director, Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund, 666 Broadway, 12th
Floor, New York, NY 10012.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Alter, Daniel S., Confronting the Queer and Present Danger: How to
Use the First Amendment When Dealing with Issues of Sexual
Orientation Speech and Military Service, 22 Hum. Rts. No. 3, 22
(Summer 1995).
Bronnitt, Simon, Legislation Comment: Protecting Sexual Privacy
Under the Criminal Law - Human Rights (Sexual Conduct) Act of 1994
(Cth), 19 Crim. L. J. 222 (1995) (Australian law journal).
Brown, Jennifer Gerarda, Competitive Federalism and the Legislative
Incentives to Recognize Same-Sex Marriage, 68 S. Cal. L. Rev. 745
(May 1995).
Bryant, Suzanne, Second Parent Adoption: A Model Brief, 2 Duke J.
Gender L. & Pol. 233 (Spring 1995).
Caudron, Shari, Open the Corporate Closet to Sexual Orientation
Issues, Personnel J., August 1995, at 42.
Chase, Adam, Tax Planning for Same-Sex Couples, 72 Denver U. L.
Rev. 359 (1995) (should prove a useful resource for practitioners).
Dolgin, Janet L., The Law Debates the Family: Reproductive
Transformations, 7 Yale J. L. & Feminism 37 (1995).
Dressler, Joshua, When "Heterosexual" Men Kill "Homosexual" Men:
Reflections on Provocation Law, Sexual Advances, and the
"Reasonable Man" Standard, 85 J. Crim. L. & Criminology 726 (Winter
1995).
Dunlap, Mary C., Are We Integrated Yet?
Pursuing the Complex
Question of Values, Demographics and Personalities, 29 U. San
Francisco L. Rev. 693 (Spring 1995) (preview of forthcoming
autobiography of lesbian-feminist attorney).
Elovitz, Marc E., Adoption by Lesbian and Gay People: The Use and
Mis-Use of Social Science Research, 2 Duke J. Gender L. & Pol. 207
(Spring 1995).
Gallagher, Michael J., Amendment 2, 4 L. & Sexuality 123 (1994).
Gilmore, Angela, They're Just Funny That Way: Lesbians, Gay Men and
African American Communities as Viewed Through the Privacy Prism,
38 Howard L.J. 231 (Fall 1994).
Greenawalt, Kent, Legal Enforcement of Morality, 85 J. Crim. L. &
Criminology 710 (Winter 1995).
Greene, Dwight, Hate Crimes, 48 U. Miami L. Rev. 905 (March 1994)
(essay).
Gutierrez, Fernando J., Gay and Lesbian: An Ethnic Identity
Deserving Equal Protection, 4 L. & Sexuality 195 (1994).
Heredia, Hannibal F., Intolerance in the Heart of Dixie: The
Constitutionality of Alabama Code 16-1-28 Under the First
Amendment, 4 L. & Sexuality 53 (1994).
Horne, Philip S., Challenging Public- and Private-Sector Benefit
Schemes Which Discriminate Against Unmarried Opposite-Sex and Same-
Sex Partners, 4 L. & Sexuality 35 (1994).
Infanti, Anthony C., Baehr v. Lewin: A Step in the Right Direction
for Gay Rights?, 4 L. & Sexuality 1 (1994).
Keller, Jeffrey, On Becoming a Fag, 58 Saskatchewan L. Rev. 191
(1994).
Koppelman, Andrew, No Fantasy Island: Gay Rites Gain Momentum in
Hawaii, The New Republic, August 7, 1995, pp. 22-24.
Kysella, William H., Jr., Gerrymandering Against Gays?, 4 L. &
Sexuality 249 (1994).
Lashman, Deborah, Second Parent Adoption: A Personal Perspective,
2 Duke J. Gender L. & Pol. 227 (Spring 1995).
Martin, Biddy, Extraordinary Homosexuals and the Fear of Being
Ordinary, 6 Differences Nos. 2 & 3, 100 (1995).
Mohr, Richard D., The Perils of Postmodernity for Gay Rights, 8
C.J.L.J. 5 (January 1995).
Patterson, Charlotte J., Adoption of Minor Children by Lesbian and
Gay Adults: A Social Science Perspective, 2 Duke J. Gender L. &
Pol. 191 (Spring 1995).
Quinn, John R., The Lost Language of the Irishgaymale:
Textualization in Ireland's Law and Literature (or The Most Hidden
Ireland), 26 Col. Hum. Rts. L. Rev. 553 (Spring 1995).
Riehl, Carl, Uncle Sam Has to Want You: The Right of Gay Men and
Lesbians (And All Other Americans) to Bear Arms in the Military, 26
Rutgers L.J. 343 (Winter 1995) (Author provocatively suggests that
2nd Amendment creates a constitutional right to serve in the
military).
Rosenblum, Darren, Queer Intersectionality and the Failure of
Recent Lesbian and Gay `Victories', 4 L. & Sexuality 83 (1994).
Saldeen, Ake, Sweden: Family Counselling, the Tortious Liability of
Parents and Homosexual Partnership, 33 U. Louisville J. of Fam. L.
513 (1994-95) (Annual Survey of Family Law).
Schweitzer, Thomas A., Hate Speech on Campus and the First
Amendment: Can They Be Reconciled?, 27 Conn. L. Rev. 493 (Winter
1995).
Strasser, Mark, Unconstitutional? Don't Ask; If It Is, Don't Tell:
On Deference, Rationality and the Constitution, 66 U. Colo. L. Rev.
375 (1995) (gays in the military).
Tamayo, Yvonne A., Sexuality, Morality and the Law: The Custody
Battle of a Non-Traditional Mother, 45 Syracuse L. Rev. 853 (1994)
(Comment on Bottoms v. Bottoms).
Werhan, Keith, The Liberalization of Freedom of Speech on a
Conservative Court, 80 Iowa L. Rev. 51 (October 1994).
Wilkinson, Brian, Moving Towards Equality: Homosexual Law Reform in
Ireland, 45 Northern Ireland L. Q. 252 (Autumn 1994).
Wolfson, Evan, Crossing the Threshold: Equal Marriage Rights for
Lesbian and Gay Men and the Intra-community Critique, 21 N.Y.U.
Rev. L. & Social Change 567 (1994-95).
Zicklin, Gilbert, Deconstructing Legal Rationality: The Case of
Lesbian and Gay Family Relationships, 21 Marriage & Fam. Rev. 55
(1995).
Book Reviews:
Boyd, Susan B., Rights of Passage: Struggles for Lesbian and Gay
Legal Equality, by Didi Herman, 28 U. Brit. Col. L. Rev. 399
(1994).
Letteney, Scott R., Liberty and Sexuality: The Right to Privacy and
the Making of Roe v. Wade, 5 U.S. Air Force Acad. J. Legal Studies
149 (1994-95).
Student Notes & Comments:
Aznavoorian, Vartan, Using Racketeering Laws to Control Obscenity:
Alexander v. United States and the Perversion of RICO, 36 Boston
Coll. L. Rev. 553 (May 1995).
Craddock, Jeanne M., Constitutional Law -- "Words That Injure; Laws
That Silence": Campus Hate Speech Codes & the Threat to American
Education, 22 Fla. St. U. L. Rev. 1047 (Spring 1995).
Cruz, David B., Piety and Prejudice: Free Exercise Exemption from
Laws Prohibiting Sexual Orientation Discrimination, 69 N.Y.U. L.
Rev. 1176 (Dec. 1994).
Faucette, Jeffrey E., The Freedom of Speech at Risk in Cyberspace:
Obscenity Doctrine and a Frightened University's Censorship of Sex
on the Internet, 44 Duke L.J. 1155 (April 1995).
Feist, Pauline G., State v. Baxley: A Disappointing Louisiana
Supreme Court Decision, 21 Southern U. L. Rev. 129 (1993-94)
(Louisiana sodomy decision).
Francis, Joyce F., and Sarah Castle Hardison, Constitutional Law --
First Amendment Overbreadth Doctrine -- Older Minors and Adults'
Access Rights to Constitutionally Protected Material, 62 Tenn. L.
Rev. 353 (Winter 1995).
Healy, Margaret A., Prosecuting Child Sex Tourists at Home: Do Laws
in Sweden, Australia, and the United States Safeguard the Rights of
Children as Mandated by International Law?, 18 Fordham Int'l L.J.
1852 (May 1995).
Krygowski, Walter John, Homosexuality and the Military Mission: The
Failure of the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" Policy, 20 U. Dayton L. Rev.
875 (Spring 1995).
Lash, Joseph W., Wisconsin v. Mitchell & R.A.V. v. St. Paul:
Developing a Constitutional Test for Ethnic Intimidation Laws, 40
Wayne L. Rev. 1653 (Summer 1994).
Lucious, Felicia E., Adoption of Tammy: Should Homosexuals Adopt
Children?, 21 Southern U. L. Rev. 171 (1993-94).
Markey, Maureen E., The Price of Landlords' "Free" Exercise of
Religion: Tenant's Right to Discrimination-Free Housing and
Privacy, 22 Fordham Urban L.J. 699 (1995).
McClister, Chase G., Prohibition of Obscene Imports in the United
Kingdom -- A Violation of Article 36 of the Treaty Establishing the
European Community?, 13 Dickinson J. Int'l L. 329 (Winter 1995).
Recent Cases, Constitutional Law -- Equal Protection -- D.C.
Circuit Upholds Military Discharge Based on a Statement of
Homosexual Orientation -- Steffan v. Perry, 41 F.3d 667 (D.C.Cir.
1994), 108 Harv. L. Rev. 1779 (May 1995).
Shapiro, Mathieu J., When Is a Conflict Really a Conflict?
Outing and the Law, 36 Boston Coll. L. Rev. 587 (May 1995).
Stozek, Lisa M., Wisconsin v. Mitchell: The End of Hate Crimes or
Just the End of the First Amendment?, 14 N. Ill. U. L. Rev. 861
(Summer 1994).
Tenney, Nancy, The Constitutional Imperative of Reality in Public
School Curricula: Untruths About Homosexuality as a Violation of
the First Amendment, 60 Brooklyn L. Rev. 1599 (1995).
Specially Noted:
The article about same-sex marriage by Prof. Jennifer Brown noted
above is worth special attention.
Prof. Brown has attempted to
calculate the net financial benefits that may accrue to the first
state to recognize same-sex marriages, and the identify the states
with the most incentive to undertake the venture, settling on
Hawaii, Vermont, Nevada and New Mexico.
Worth reading and
discussion. * * * Volume 4 of Law & Sexuality: A Review of Lesbian
and Gay Legal Issues has been published.
Individual articles are
noted above.
Copies of the issue may be obtained from the
journal's office at Tulane University Law School, 6329 Freret St.,
New Orleans, LA 70118 (phone 504-865-5835).
Copies are $12 for
individuals, $8 for students, and $20 for institutions.
Symposia:
The infamous study about pornography on the Internet, together with
academic articles responding the study, can be found in 83
Georgetown L. Rev. No. 5 (June 1995).
Several of the articles
specifically reference the issue of lesbian/gay materials on-line.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Amaro, Hortensia, Love, Sex, and Power: Considering Women's
Realities in HIV Prevention, 50 Amer. Psychologist 437 (June 1995).
Gay, Terry Christovich, and Paige Freeman Rosato, Combatting Fear
of Future Injury and Medical Monitoring Claims, 61 Defense Counsel
J. 554 (Oct. 1994).
Gruskin, Sofia, Negotiating the Relationship of HIV/AIDS to
Reproductive Health and Reproductive Rights, 44 Amer. U. L. Rev.
1191 (April 1995).
McNary-Keith, Sandra E., AIDS in Public Schools: Resolved Issues
and Continuing Controversy, 24 J. L. & Educ. 69 (Winter 1995).
Opperer, Joshua F., Mandatory HIV Testing and Disclosure: A Legal,
Ethical and Medical Perspective, 61 Med. Trial Tech. Q. 624 (1995).
Spahn, Gary J., and Timothy S. Baird, Closing the Floodgates on
Fear of AIDS Claims, 37 For the Defense No. 6, 8 (June 1995).
Weber, Mark C., Disability Discrimination by State and Local
Government: The Relationship Between Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act and Title II of the Americans With Disabilities
Act, 36 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 1089 (1995).
Weidlich, Thom, Suits by Patients Surge in Misdiagnosed AIDS Cases,
Nat'l L.J., August 7, 1995, p. A12.
Zeldin, Jessica, Disabling Employers: Problems with the ADA's
Confidentiality Requirement in Unionized Workplaces, 73 Wash. U. L.
Q. 737 (Summer 1995).
Student Notes & Comments:
Anderson, Paul M., Cautious Defense: Should I Be Afraid to Guard
You? (Mandatory AIDS Testing in Professional Team Sports), 5
Marquette Sports L. J. 279 (Spring 1995).
Anderson, Philip Richard, Allocating the Costs of Transfusion-AIDS:
An Oregon Perspective, 73 Oregon L. Rev. 1057 (Winter 1994).
Andres, Paula L., Sticking It to the Fourth Amendment: Failure of
Missouri's HIV Testing Law for Juvenile Sex Offenders, 63 UMKC L.
Rev. 455 (Spring 1995).
Eggleston, Cynthia Ray, Torts -- Carroll v. Sisters of Saint
Francis Health Services, Inc.: Tennessee Adopts the Actual-Exposure
Approach in Fear-of-AIDS Cases, 25 U. Memphis L. Rev. 1495 (Summer
1995).
Farber, H. Miriam, Subterfuge: Do Coverage Limitations and
Exclusions in Employer-Provided Health Care Plans Violate the
Americans With Disabilities Act?, 69 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 850 (Oct.-Nov.
1994).
Flynn, John L., Mixed-Motive Causation Under the ADA: Linked
Statutes, Fuzzy Thinking, and Clear Statements, 83 Georgetown L.J.
2009 (June 1995).
Goldstein, Karen L., Balancing Risks and Rights: HIV Testing
Regimes for Pregnant Women, 4 Cornell J. L. & Pub. Pol. 609 (Spring
1995).
Guice, Tracy S., AIDS Discrimination in Employee Health Benefits:
Is There a Federal Remedy for Modification of a Plan Once an
Employee Develops AIDS?, 18 L. & Psychology Rev. 377 (Spring 1994).
Hansen, Amy L., Establishing Uniformity in HIV-Fear Cases: A
Modification of the Distinct Event Approach, 29 Valparaiso U. L.
Rev. 1251 (Summer 1995).
Loparco, Joseph, Marchica v. Long Island Railroad: "AIDS-Phobia"
Recovery Under the Federal Employers' Liability Act, 15 Pace L.
Rev. 575 (Winter 1995).
McAnulty, Mark, Shattering the "Reasonable Window of Anxiety" --
Recovery of Emotional Distress Damages for the Fear of Contracting
AIDS, 19 S. Ill. U. L.J. 661 (Spring 1995).
Montanaro, Lisa A., The Americans With Disabilities Act: Will the
Court Get the Hint?
Congress' Attempt to Raise the Status of
Persons With Disabilities in Equal Protection Cases, 15 Pace L.
Rev. 621 (Winter 1995).
Relihan, Julie C., Expediting FDA Approval of AIDS Drugs: An
International Approach, 13 Boston U. Int'l L. J. 229 (Spring 1995).
The United States Exclusion of HIV Positive Aliens: Realities and
Illusions, 18 Suffolk Transnat'l L. Rev. 269 (Winter 1995).
Tourk, Jessica M., Controlling Expression: The Stagnant Policy of
the Centers for Disease Control in the Second Decade of AIDS, 13
Cardozo Arts & Ent. L. J. 595 (1995) (CDC restrictions on content
of AIDS education materials funded by federal government).
Symposia:
Symposium on the Americans With Disabilities Act, 8 J. L. & Health
Nos. 1 & 2 (1993-94). * * * Symposium on the Right to Die, 9 Notre
Dame J. L. Ethics & Pub. Pol. No. 2 (1995).
Editor's Note:
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All comments in
Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be
published subject to editing. * * * Law Notes is distributed
monthly to members of the lesbian and gay bar associations of New
York City, Western New York, Chicago, Maine, Massachusetts and
Ohio.
Readers who learn of important local decisions that might
not be nationally reported are urged to send copies of opinions to
the editor.