https://www.satcontario.com/privacy-policy.html
menu
close
Search
Your Cart
This Privacy Policy applies to all information that Canadian Pharmacy Ezzz can receive about an Internet user while using the website satcontario.com.
Using this website means the User’s unconditional consent to this Policy and the conditions for processing his or her personal information specified in it; in case of disagreement with these conditions, the User should refrain from using the Site.
Personal user information that we process
Within the framework of this Policy, “personal user information” means:
Personal information consciously provided by the User during the ordering procedure on the website;
Technical information automatically collected by the software of the website during its visit.
When you visit the website, we automatically get information from the standard server logs. This includes the IP address of the computer, the name of the Internet provider, domain name, browser and operating system type, information about the site from which the User made the transition to the Site, pages of the Site, which the User visits, the date and time of these visits, the files that the user uploads. This information is analyzed in an anonymized form to analyze site traffic and is used in the development of proposals for its improvement and development.
The relationship between the User’s IP address and his/her personal information is never disclosed to third parties, except when required by law.
Purposes of processing personal user information
We collect and store only the personal information that the user provides for the purpose of delivering an order, as well as improving the quality of the website, ease of use and statistical and other studies based on anonymized data.
Terms of processing personal user information, deletion and its transfer to third parties
We store the personal information of Users in accordance with internal regulations.
We maintain the personal information of the User confidential. All forms (letters) containing the User’s personal data are processed only by employees of the pharmacy, in order to fulfill their duties.
The removal of personal information occurs upon the written request of the User.
We have the right to transfer the User’s personal information to third parties if the transfer is provided for by Canadian applicable legislation within the framework of the procedure established by law.
As a result of processing the User’s personal information by depersonalizing it, statistical data is obtained that is transmitted to a third party for research, the performance of work or the provision of services on behalf of the pharmacy.
When processing personal data of Users, we are guided by the Personal Data Protection Act.
Processing personal information using cookies
Cookies transmitted by the Site to the equipment of the User can be used by the pharmacy for statistical and research purposes, as well as to improve sections of the Site.
The User is aware that the equipment and software used by him/her to visit the Site may have the function of prohibiting operations with cookies (for any sites or for certain sites), as well as deleting previously received cookies.
We have the right to establish that the provision of a certain section of the website is possible only on the condition that the acceptance and receipt of cookies is permitted by the User.
The structure of cookies, its content and technical parameters are determined by the pharmacy and are subject to change without prior notice to the User.
The counters posted by the pharmacy on the website can be used to analyze the cookies of the User, to collect and process statistical information about the use of the website, as well as to ensure the health of the website as a whole or their individual functions in particular. The technical parameters of the counters are determined by the pharmacy and are subject to change without prior notice to the User.
Measures used to protect the User’s personal information
We take the necessary and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect the User’s personal information from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, alteration, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other illegal actions of third parties with it.
Change of Privacy Policy. Applicable law
We have the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. The new version of the Policy comes into force from the moment it is posted on the website unless otherwise provided by the new version of the Policy.
The Law of Canada shall apply to this Policy and the relationship between the User and the pharmacy arising in connection with the application of the Privacy Policy.
Feedback. Questions and suggestions
The user has the right to send all suggestions or questions about this Privacy Policy to the official address of Canadian Pharmacy Ezzz: 700 Rue de la Concorde, Saint-Romuald, QC G6W 8A8, Canada.
Categories List
Bestsellers
Allergy/Asthma
Anti Viral
Anti-Depressants
Antibiotics
Blood Pressure
Cancer
Cholesterol
Diabetes
Eye Drop
General Health
Herbals
Men's Health
Mental Illness
Pain Relief
Quit Smoking
Pets
Skin Care
Sleeping Aids
Weight Loss
Women's Health
Navigation
Home
About Us
Bonuses
FAQ
Contact Us