http://www.sanluisrey.org/about/photography-policy
Photography and Videography
Photography and Videography Policy at Mission San Luis Rey
The Mission San Luis Rey Photography and Videography Policy strives to balance the needs of photographers (amateur & professional) and community with the needs of the private property of the friars whose home this is, our visitors, students and retreatants.As a working Mission, we are a spiritual and historic site and take great care to maintain an environment consistent with our spiritual beliefs and desire to preserve the Mission architecture and grounds. While we try to accommodate the needs of photographers, we reserve the right to stop anyone, for any reason, to stop photographing at the Mission.What Is AllowedWe love the beauty of our Mission and are happy to have you commemorate your experience with photos. Here is what we allow:Personal, individual or small group photography and videography is allowed by visitors in the front of the Mission, inside the historic church and in the museum so long as pathways aren’t restricted, other visitors aren’t disturbed and tripods and reflective materials aren’t used.Personal Photography and videography is also allowed in our beautiful cemetery as long as it is for personal consumption only and does not include photographing services that you are not a part of or disturbs other parties praying or visiting in the cemetery.What Is RestrictedTo protect the privacy of our guests, maintain an atmosphere of reverence, preservation of the grounds and control over the health and safety of those at the Mission, we have put these restrictions in place:Photography is not allowed in the private areas of the Mission which includes, but is not limited to, the inner gardens, the cloister, theology school and retreat center.Filming – the Mission may not be used for creating films of any type without the express written permission of the Executive Director. This includes student films.Large group photos, shoots for engagement, wedding, proms, quincenera and family gatherings require permission, permits, and often fees, whether being done by professional and/or commercial or amateur photographers (see below). Though we’d like to accommodate these requests the number of activities and groups at the Mission limits the days and slots we have available.Drones may not be used in the airspace above the Mission.No photos of the Mission may be resold or used for publication unless express, written permission has been granted by the Executive DirectorWhat requires a permit and prior appointmentLarge Group, professional photography, event, and other organized photo shoots (wedding, engagement, family pictures, birthdays, etc.) require planning and coordination. We’d like to accommodate these requests but whether or not we actually can actually say YES to a specific request depends on the content, date, time and planned activities at the Mission.To request permission for a shoot, please contact info@sanluisrey.org with the Subject: Photo Shoot. Please describe the shoot including the purpose of the event, the number of people in the photo shoot and let us know the date and time you’d prefer. If you are flexible, let us know. That is likely to increase your chances.Advance notice of at least a week is needed. If permission is granted, you will be asked to sign an agreement that outlines exactly where and when you have been granted access and some guidelines to follow. Once completed you will receive a permit that must be carried with you and shown to any staff member who requests to see it. In most cases, you will be charged a fee and a staff member will be present for the shoot to answer questions.We look forward to your next visit to the Mission!
About
Photography Policy
Driving Directions
Contact Us
Leadership
Privacy Policy
×
PLEASE READ THE UPDATED HOURS BELOWCURRENT OPERATING HOURS DUE TO COVID-19 These hours of operation override times listed on website pages.Cemetery Grounds: open daily from 8:00am – 4:00pm
Cemetery Office: open Monday, Wednesday, Friday 8:00am – 4:30pm. If you need to contact
our cemetery staff at any other time, please contact Danielle Napoli at danielle@sanluisrey.orgor 760-231-8445.
Retreat Center: open for private retreats and quiet days. Retreat space is now available as
well. If you have any questions please contact Kathryn De Anda at retreats@sanluisrey.org or760-757-3659.Gift Shop: open daily from 11am – 4pmHistoric Church: open daily 9:00am – 3:00pm. No masses at this time.Coffee Shop: open Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, 11am - 4pmMuseum: Closed until further notice. Call 760-757-3651, ext 170 if you would like a behind-the-scenes tour.Follow us on Facebook and Instagram for updates and ways to stay connected.Peace and all good!