https://www.sanon.org/privacy-policy
SIFG provides this privacy statement to inform you of how we use personal information collected on this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. Note, the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only.  If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may contact you about your order, either by email or by phone. If you would prefer not to communicate with the WSO by email, please call us as soon as possible to let us know.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Keeping your information secure
We have structured our website so that you can visit the SIFG website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
Personal information is collected within the Shopping Cart for shipping and billing purposes only.  If necessary, we may contact you with questions about your order, either by email or by phone.
SIFG does not share any personal information with any third party other than as described above for orders placed using our online Shopping Cart.
SIFG is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, SIFG has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
A third-party merchant services provider is used to process credit card transactions. They also have their own Privacy Statement.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Changes to this Statement
We may occasionally make some changes or updates to this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect your personal information.
Contacting us
S-Anon values your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please contact us.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Welcome Packet
Connecting with other people who are going through pain caused by sex addiction is not easy. Our free Welcome Packet is a guide on how we can help you connect with others so that you can begin your recovery journey and find serenity.
**
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
You are now leaving the official website for S-Anon International Family Groups, Inc.
This link is made available to provide information about local S-Anon & S-Ateen groups. By providing this link we do not imply review, endorsement or approval of the linked site.
Thank you for visiting www.sanon.org. We hope that you have found the information you were seeking.
Deny
Shopping CartThere are no products in the cart!Continue Shopping
About UsNewcomersMembersFind a MeetingLiterature Store