http://www.dowlaw.com/index.php/privacy-policy
(978) 369-9906
info@dowlaw.com
Home
Practice Areas
Probate Services
Real Estate
Landlord and Tenant Issues
Real Estate Litigation
Business Law
Personal Injury Services
Estate Planning
Trusts
Wills
Tax Strategies
Delaware Stautory Trusts
Opportunity Zones
About Us
Our Team
Our Team
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Dow Law Group is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Dow Law Group Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Dow Law Group website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Dow Law Group collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Dow Law Group also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Dow Law Group. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Dow Law Group for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Dow Law Group Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Dow Law Group public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Dow Law Group does not read any of your private online communications.
Dow Law Group encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Dow Law Group so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Dow Law Group is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Dow Law Group and Dow Law Group family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Dow Law Group collects and uses your personal information to operate the Dow Law Group Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Dow Law Group also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Dow Law Group and its affiliates. Dow Law Group may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Dow Law Group does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Dow Law Group may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Dow Law Group may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Dow Law Group, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Dow Law Group does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Dow Law Group keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Dow Law Group, in order to determine what Dow Law Group services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Dow Law Group to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Dow Law Group Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Dow Law Group or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Dow Law Group; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Dow Law Group, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Dow Law Group website use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Dow Law Group pages, or register with Dow Law Group site or services, a cookie helps Dow Law Group to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Dow Law Group Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Dow Law Group features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Dow Law Group services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Dow Law Group secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Dow Law Group secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this Statement
Dow Law Group will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Dow Law Group encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Dow Law Group is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Dow Law Group welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Dow Law Group has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Dow Law Group at info@dowlaw.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Located in historic Concord, Massachusetts, Dow Law Group provides legal services in the states of Maine, New Hampshire, and Massachusetts including the communities of Concord, Lexington, Sudbury, and Wellesley.From our Concord, MA headquarters, we serve the surrounding communities of Concord, Lexington, Sudbury, and Wellesley.  We are licensed in three states and support clients throughout Main, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire.  Trust the team at Dow Law Group with your legal service needs.
(978) 369-9906
Dow Law Group
34 Junction Square
Concord, MA 01742
info@dowlaw.com
Mon-Fri:
9:00 - 5:00
Appointment Recommended
2020 ©
.
All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy | Proudly made and hosted by Epcom World Industries - Creative Division