http://www.ameenhousing.com/privacy-policy
(X) CLOSE
COVID-19 Mode of Operation: For the safety of AHC staff and its Members during this "shelter in place" period, we have slightly changed our mode of operation. For more info click here.
(408) 986.9786
Home Co-operative About us Our Goals Investing What Makes AHC Halal MEDIA & PRESENTATIONS
Executive Board Case Studies FAQs, Regulations & Laws Map & Directions PRODUCTS INTEREST-FREE INVESTMENT WHY INVEST IN AHC? SAFEST INVESTING IN AMERICA BECOME AN INVESTOR NOW HOME FINANCING BUYING A HOME REPLACING EXISTING MORTGAGE DOWN PAYMENT CALCULATOR Benefits To Home Buyers MEMBERS MEMBERSHIP MEMBERSHIP REQUIREMENTS CUSTODIAL MEMBERSHIP AHC FORMS GET MORE INFORMATION MEMBER'S CORNER MEMBER ACCOUNT ACCESS NEWSLETTERS NEWSLETTER ARCHIVES Financing Calculator NEWS & EVENTS ANNOUNCEMENTS TESTIMONIALS UPCOMING EVENTS MEDIA & PRESENTATIONS AHC IN THE NEWS OTHER RELATED INFORMATION AHC GALLERY ARCHIVE EVENTS DOCUMENTS AHC FORMS FAQ, REGULATIONS BYLAWS BROCHURES AND FLYERS ARTICLES AND NEWS Contact us MAP & DIRECTION GET MORE INFORMATION CAREER
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Ameen Housing Co-Operative of California, Inc and its affiliates. Our policy is to recognize and respect our customers’ expectation that their personal and financial information will be kept confidential. The following information is to help you understand how we protect the privacy of your nonpublic personal information. “Nonpublic personal information” is information about you that we obtain in connection with providing you with our financial product(s).
Information that We Collect, retain and use information about individual customers only when and to the extent we believe the information would be useful (and allowed by law) to administer our business and provide you with our financial product. The following are examples of the types of nonpublic personal information we maintain or collect:
Information that you provided in connection with your application, on other forms, or verbally, such as your name, address, social security number, income, citizenship status or assets and liabilities.
Information about your transactions with us or other parties, such as your payment history, account balance and other account information.
Information from a consumer reporting agency (such as your credit worthiness and credit history).
Information from business partners, vendors and service companies (such as a property appraisal, purchase contract or membership number).
There are some cases in which we gather information to comply with laws and regulations governing our industry. For example, we are required by federal regulations to obtain a tax identification number (generally a social security number) for our contracts, so that we can report Profit Payments you have paid.
We are periodically required to disclose some of this data to third parties, such as credit reporting agencies and investors, in order to do business with you. These parties contractually agree to keep your information confidential and not use it for any other purpose.
Maintenance of Accurate Information
We will attempt to keep customer files complete, up-to-date, and accurate in accordance with reasonable commercial standards. We will tell our customers how and where to conveniently access their account information (except when prohibited by law) and how to notify us about errors. We will quickly respond to any request that we correct inaccurate information. We will take prompt action to make the appropriate corrections and to notify anyone with whom we may have shared inaccurate information.Confidentiality and Security of InformationWe limit employee access to personally identifiable information to those employees with a business reason for knowing the information. We regularly conduct training sessions and otherwise educate our employees so they understand the importance of confidentially and customer privacy. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information. We will take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities.
Information Sharing
Sharing with non-affiliates – Non-affiliate means a company that is not an affiliate of another Ameen Housing Co-Operative company, and it also means a person who is not an employee of a Ameen Housing Co-Operative company.Ameen Housing Co-Operative respects your right to privacy, and therefore, we do not sell, share or otherwise disclose nonpublic personal information we collect or maintain about you to nonaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes. Ameen Housing Co-Operative also does not sell your information to third parties.Sharing with affiliates – Affiliates are companies that are related to one another by ownership, common ownership, or control. For example, if one company owns or controls another company, they are affiliates of each other.In order to continue offering and recommending valuable financial products and services that are consistent with Shariah law, we may share your nonpublic personal information within our Ameen Housing Co-Operative family of companies. All of these Ameen Housing Co-Operative companies follow the same policies and procedures described in this policy as it relates to your information.
You have a choice of whether or not you wish your nonpublic personal information to be shared within our Ameen Housing Co-Operative family of companies. This right is called “Opt Out”. Opt Out means that you can make the decision that your information will not be shared with affiliates of Ameen Housing Co-Operative. This choice may limit your opportunity to benefit from the many valuable products and services offered by Ameen Housing Co-Operative.
Questions or Comments
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at (408) 986.9786 or at info@ameenhousing.com.
INTERNET PRIVACY STATEMENT
Agreement Between User and Ameen Housing Co-Operative
This website (“Site”) is offered to you, the User, conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions and notices contained herein. Your use of the Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices.
Copyright/Trademark Notice
The contents of all material available on the Site are copyrighted by Ameen Housing Co-Operative unless otherwise indicated. All rights are reserved by Ameen Housing Co-Operative, and except for purposes of researching or applying for a product or service offered by Ameen Housing Co-Operative or its affiliates, the content may not be reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, published, or transferred in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of Ameen Housing Co-Operative.The trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Site are the property of Ameen Housing Co-Operative and other parties. Users are prohibited from using any Marks for any purpose including, but not limited to, use as metatags on other pages or sites on the World Wide Web without the written permission of Ameen Housing Co-Operative or such third party that may own the Marks.
Legal Notice and Disclaimer
information on this site is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or noninfringement.Ameen Housing Co-Operative (including its employees and agents, its affiliates, and its affiliates’ employees and agents) assumes no responsibility for consequences from the use of the information herein, or in any respect for the content of such information, including, but not limited to, delays, errors or omissions, the accuracy or reasonableness of information, the defamatory nature of statements, ownership of copyright or other intellectual property rights, and the violation of property, privacy or personal rights of others. Ameen Housing Co-Operative is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference or reliance on such information.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to Ameen Housing Co-Operative that you will not use this Site or any information contained on the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms, Conditions and Notices.
Hyper Linking
At certain places on this Site, we may offer live “links” to other Internet addresses (“Linked Sites”). Such Linked Sites contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of Ameen Housing Co-Operative. Ameen Housing Co-Operative does not endorse, approve, certify or control these Linked Sites and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness or correct sequencing of information that they contain. Use of Linked Sites is voluntary, and should only be undertaken after an independent review of the accuracy, completeness, efficacy and timeliness of information contained therein. In addition, it is the user's responsibility to take precautions to ensure that material selected from such Linked Sites is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. Ameen Housing Co-Operative is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of the use of such Linked Sites, or reference to or reliance on information contained therein.Ameen Housing Co-Operative prohibits caching, unauthorized hypertext links to the Site and the framing of any content available through the Site. Ameen Housing Co-Operative reserves the right to disable any unauthorized links or frames and specifically disclaims any responsibility for the content available on any other Internet sites linked to the Site.
Modification of these Terms, Conditions and Notices
Ameen Housing Co-Operative reserves the right to change the Terms, Conditions and Notices under which this Site is offered.
Confidentiality of User Communication
Except as required or permitted by law and in accordance with the Ameen Housing Co-Operative Internet Privacy Statement, Ameen Housing Co-Operative will maintain the confidentiality of all communications that contain personal information
General Terms and Conditions
Ameen Housing Co-Operative reserves the right to terminate this agreement at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, violating any of the terms or conditions of this agreement.By accessing and using this Site, you agree that disputes arising out of or relating to the contents or use of this Site are to be governed by the laws of California and, where applicable, federal law.If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, including, without limitation, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provisions will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in full force and effect.This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Ameen Housing Co-Operative with respect to the use of this Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Ameen Housing Co-Operative with respect to this Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.This publication is designed to provide general information about the Declining Balance Co-ownership Program and does not constitute a commitment.Participation in this program is limited to qualified individuals. This program is not available in all states. Please call (408) 986.9786 for program availability.
About Us
Co-operative
About us
Executive Board
Our Goals
Case Studies
Our Products
Contact us
Map & Directions
Main Office
San Tomas Business Center Building # 5
2072 Walsh Ave, Suite B
Santa Clara, CA 95050
Tel: (408) 986-9786
Fax: (408) 986-9787
Mailing List
sign up for email updates. AHC will make sure you are the first to hear about the latest news.
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
Googleplus
Youtube
Home Co-operative About us Our Goals Investing What Makes AHC Halal MEDIA & PRESENTATIONS
Executive Board Case Studies FAQs, Regulations & Laws Map & Directions PRODUCTS INTEREST-FREE INVESTMENT WHY INVEST IN AHC? SAFEST INVESTING IN AMERICA BECOME AN INVESTOR NOW HOME FINANCING BUYING A HOME REPLACING EXISTING MORTGAGE DOWN PAYMENT CALCULATOR Benefits To Home Buyers MEMBERS MEMBERSHIP MEMBERSHIP REQUIREMENTS CUSTODIAL MEMBERSHIP AHC FORMS GET MORE INFORMATION MEMBER'S CORNER MEMBER ACCOUNT ACCESS NEWSLETTERS NEWSLETTER ARCHIVES Financing Calculator NEWS & EVENTS ANNOUNCEMENTS TESTIMONIALS UPCOMING EVENTS MEDIA & PRESENTATIONS AHC IN THE NEWS OTHER RELATED INFORMATION AHC GALLERY ARCHIVE EVENTS DOCUMENTS AHC FORMS FAQ, REGULATIONS BYLAWS BROCHURES AND FLYERS ARTICLES AND NEWS Contact us MAP & DIRECTION GET MORE INFORMATION CAREER