http://www.wesleymethodist.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Wesley Methodist Church is a member of the Southend and Leigh Circuit of the Methodist Church of Great Britain.
Our address is: Elm Road, Leigh-on-Sea, SS9 1SJ.
Our website address is: http://www.wesleymethodist.org.uk.
Managing Trustees Privacy Notice
Wesley Methodist Church abides by the privacy notice for Local Churches, Circuits and Districts within the Methodist Church in Great Britain.
Please see the Privacy Notice (link below) for full details.
managing-trustees-privacy-notice
Covid-19 Test & Trace – In line with the UK Government Tests & Trace system, we are collecting a a 21-day record of attendees at Private Prayer and Worship services. These attendance sheets and, for those not already known to us, contact cards are stored in a dated, sealed envelope in a locked filing cabinet in a locked office for 21 days and then destroyed. Others who use the premises are asked to sign in and out. For those attending groups run by hirers of the premises, please speak to your group leader.
Further information
Contact forms
Information sent to us via the website, such as requests for prayer, is not stored on the system. These requests go through email – therefore please refer to the Privacy Notice (link above) on how this data is collected, processed and stored in line with the General Data Protection Regulation.
Cookies Policy
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks