http://www.therevival.co.uk/about/privacy
Skip to main content
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website, such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views.
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us.
Information that you provide to us when subscribing to our website services such as email notifications and/or newsletters.
Actual content that you add to the site in including but not limited to user profiles, blog posts, articles, comments, forum topics, images and more.
Any other information that you choose to send to us.
We use cookies on this website. You can delete these cookies from your browser settings, but this will interfere and end user login sessions.
Embedded Media and Third Parties
While we do not use third party cookies, this site has the ability to use embedded media from sources such as Youtube. Such sources may use their own cookies and tracking information which are not in our control.
Older forum posts may also have embedded images from other image hosting sites that may set their own cookies.
Using your data
The Revival reserves the right to use any data that has been submitted to the site for various purposes:
To run the site, enable the requested services and to facilitate communication.
The Revival reserves a perpetual right to use any public content added to the site for organisational purposes such as articles for the website, the magazine or other media, but not limited to such activities.
Any images publicly uploaded to the site that are not personally identifying may be used for decorative purposes, but the uploading user reserves the right to remove them from the site.
Private or personally identifying information will not be used for such purposes and any private communications will remain private unless requested and agreed to be all parties involved.
Accounts can be closed or scrubbed of personal information, anonymised or deleted at user request.
Amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
Username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Why have you visited this website?
Choices
To check for updates
Read posts
Contribute to discussions
Share content
Social media brought me here
Tis fate
Older polls
Results
Surah Naas was revealed on the Holy Prophet (P.B.U.H) in Mecca
Surah Nas is the 114th and last Surah of the Holy Quran
The 100th Name of God
Is Weed REALLY haraam?
5 things to do on Laylatul Qadr
More
Why the World stood against French President's Blasphemous Remarks
Complete your essential duty with 5 star Umrah packages
The Boris election, or how to stop him.
Apps that help Muslims practice Islam in daily life
Surah Fatiha Verse 1
More
All Articles
World News
Convert Stories
Back to Basics
people
History
Lifestyle
Misconceptions
Ramadan
Prophet of Islam
Questions & Answers
Terrorism
Women
There are currently 0 users online.
sitarragul
quranhost1
Talha Awais
Ady Grewal
QasimAttari