http://www.midsummerseve.com/help/rules.aspx
Toggle navigation
Home
Log in
Help
Contact us
Home
Join - we're 100% Free!
Login
Login
Retrieve Password
Conversations
Browse Conversations
View Conversations
Search
Simple Search
Area Browse
Tag Browse
Area Browse
Help and Advice
How To
Profile Advice
Photo Advice
Meetups Advice
Online Dating Advice
Free Online Dating
Dating Safety
Terms and Conditions
These are the terms under which we are happy to provide our services to you.
We want you to enjoy your time with Midsummer's Eve. To help the whole Midsummer's Eve community there are a few do's and don'ts you need to know about.
Here's what you can't do
Unfortunately we will have to close your account and stop you using the site if you:
are under 18;
are married or attached but and looking for any relationship except friendship;
use naughty language like swearing;
call other people names;
libel anybody;
are rude or tell porkie pies about the site Helpers or admin;
reveal other people's private information, such as their private messages to you, if they have not said you can;
go against the Conversations guidelines;
have more than one account or allow another person to use your account;
share your password with anybody;
send spam or junk mail through the site;
put anything that's copyrighted on the site;
put porn on the site;
put anything rude or discriminatory (e.g., against somebody's race, religion, gender, lilfestyle choices etc.) on the site;
hack the site (or try to);
resell anything on the site;
Sometimes these terms change
We change these terms sometimes. When we do, just using the website means you promise to stick to the new terms.
Price and payment
Midsummer's Eve is a free site. We don't have any paid services at the moment, but we have had in the past. Here's what you need to know about that:
If you pay us, we can't give you a refund, even if you close your account.
If you've broken these rules, we may close your account. We can't give a refund if this happens.
Lifetime Membership is defined as the lifetime of the Site under its current ownership and current structure, not your lifetime.
Cookies and privacy
Using the site means you accept our privacy policy and accept the cookies that we place on the site;
Your profile and photos
Here's what you need to k now about your profile and photos:
Your profile and photos must be up to date and true;
We can't guarantee that other people's profiles are up to date or true;
We can show your profile anywhere on the site;
We can remove your profile if we need to (that's up to us to decide);
We might crop your photo to make it look better;
We can't prevent people (such as search engines) from copying your photos or profiles from this site - even when they are not allowed to;
Copyright and intellectual property
The copyright in this website belongs to us, and we'll protect that copyright when we need to.
Don't copy anything from this site except as allowed to by law.
Anything published on this site is for your personal use. You're not allowed to sell it.
Don't download the whole site (or large bits of it) in a way not intended.
Security
We're really serious about security, and we think everybody should be.
To help protect the Midsummer's Eve community, there are a few things you should know about security:
Don't hack this site or access parts of the site you are not supposed to;
Don't reverse engineer it in any way;
Don't scan it for vulnerabilities;
Don't bombard the site with requests;
Don't do anything that's illegal in your country or the UK;
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify us against any claim, including
lawyers' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of
this site, the breach or violation of these terms by you, or the infringement
by you, or by any other person using your computer, of any intellectual
property or other right of any person or entity, or as a result of any threatening,
libellous, obscene, harassing or offensive material contained in any of your
communications.
Interruptions
Sometimes we have to take the site offline for a while. We can't always let you know in advance, but we'll try to.
Sometimes the site might go offline even when we don't want it to! If this happens, we'll do our best to get it back online, but unfortunately we can't accept any liability for any loss to you.
Our liability
We provide this service without any guarantees or warranties.
We can make changes and improvements to the site when we need to.
We don't check if the stuff uploaded to this site is true, so we can't guarantee or warrant that anything on this site is true.
If it turns out not be true, we can't accept any liability for that.
Any sites linked to from this site have nothing to do with us. We can't accept any liability for any harm encountered on those other sites.
In no event shall we or our content suppliers be liable for any special,
indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss
of use, loss of data or loss of revenues or profits, whether in an action of
contract, negligence or otherwise, arising out the
use of this site.
Storage of data
We can't guarantee to deliver messages sent through the site.
Messages can't always be sent immediately.
We might have to limit your ability to send messages, especially if send loads in a short space of time. If we do, we might not be able to tell you in advance.
We might need to read your messages to see if they break these terms;
Termination
You can close your account whenever you like by completing the cancellation form.
We might need to close your account if you do naughty things.
This is true even if you have paid us any money. We won't refund you if this happens.
We might not let you open another account, especially if you keep doing naughty things.
When your account is closed, that's it, we have no further obligations towards you.
Severability
Each bit of this Agreement is independent from the other bits.
If any bit is not enforecable, the other bits still apply.
Action limit
Any action arising out of or related to this website must start within a year after the cause of action arose; otherwise,
such cause of action is permanently barred.
Force majeure
Neither you nor us will be liable for any breach of these terms beyond our control.
If you or we become aware of a breach of these terms, we agree to notify each other about it straight away.
If the problem goes on for longer than four weeks, then whichever party is not breaking these terms will be entitled to terminate this agreement.
If a force majeure event happens, neither party will be liable to the other.
Dispute resolution
In the event of a dispute arising out of or in connection with these terms between you and us, you agree to attempt to settle the
dispute by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation before commencing
arbitration or litigation.
Governing Law
These terms will be governed by the laws
of England.
Finally
Now go off and enjoy yourself on Midsummer's Eve!
Help
About us
Using the site
Success stories
Search and join in
Join
Tag search
Area search
Search
Dating forums
Info
Site map
Terms
Privacy
Links
©
Midsummer's Eve
1999-2020