https://www.wilpf.org/legal/
Skip to content
Legal
LegalScheherazade Khan2019-03-21T09:56:02+01:00
Policy
Privacy Statement and GDPR Compliance
On May 25, 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the previous EU Data Protection Directive. GDPR compliance is an important priority for WILPF, our affiliates, members and outreach audience. We are currently working hard to make our organisation and its digital portals GDPR compliant. We are creating a new privacy statement to reflect the new regulation and our compliance as an organisation.
What can you expect to find in the new privacy statement?
WILPF asks its users for the minimal personal data needed in order to provide our services. Our new privacy statement will provide context and transparency, so our users understand why we ask for information (legal basis for collecting and processing personal data), what we do with it (data handling), how long we keep it (data retention, data deletion) and whom (if at all) we share it with.
Should you have any questions at this point, please contact us at info@wilpf.org +41 (0) 22 919 70 80
Credits
Homepage picture: @Charlotte Le Mesle Photographe (www.charlottelemesle.com)
Website creation: AgileInfoways
Cookies
Wilpf.org website does not use any cookies.
Latest Stories
1012, 2020
Human Rights Day: Peace is contingent on human security
Gallery
Human Rights Day: Peace is contingent on human security
Human Rights Day: Peace is contingent on human security In a world where war, violence, and inequalities persist, [...]
212, 2020
Are you our next Human Rights Research and Gender Analysis Training Consultant
Gallery
Are you our next Human Rights Research and Gender Analysis Training Consultant
Are you our next Human Rights Research and Gender Analysis Training Consultant Location: Remote Type of Contract: Service of contract/MoU Languages [...]
2511, 2020
WILPF’s Global Movement to End Gender-Based Violence
Gallery
WILPF’s Global Movement to End Gender-Based Violence
WILPF’s Global Movement to End Gender-Based ViolenceWILPF’s Global Movement to End Gender-Based Violence Gender-based violence (GBV) [...]
Follow WILPF
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Stay up to date with WILPF
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe now
Go to Top