http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1994/11.94
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
November 1994
Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York
Editor in Chief: Arthur S. Leonard, NY Law School
57 Worth Street, New York, NY 10013
ASLeonard@aol.com
Circulation: Audrey Hartmann, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003. 212-353-9118
(C) 1994 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755-9021
Contributing Editor:
Colin Crawford, Instructor, Brooklyn Law School
Contributing Writers:
Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Paula Ettelbrick, Esq., New York;
Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York;
Dirk Williams, J.D., Boston; Paul Twarog, Student, New York Law
School; Robert Bourguignon, Student, Brooklyn Law School; Clarice
B. Rabinowitz, Student, Brooklyn Law School.
Colorado Supreme Court Strikes Down Amendment 2
On Oct. 11 (coincidentally, "National Coming Out Day), the
Colorado Supreme Court granted a permanent injunction against the
implementation of the anti-gay voter initiative, known as
Amendment 2.
In so doing, it became the first state supreme
court in the country to rule that voter initiatives that prevent
government from enacting legal protection for lesbians, gay men
and bisexuals are unconstitutional.
The decision came after the
initial appeal of the preliminary injunction, where the court
held that the denial of access to the political process
implicated a fundamental right, which required strict scrutiny,
and a two-week trial on the state's alleged compelling
justifications.
The Amendment 2 case, Evans v. Romer, 1994 WL
554621, was also the first of its kind to go to trial.
Six of
the seven justices found Amendment 2 unconstitutional.
In brief, Amendment 2 sought to amend the state's constitution to
prohibit state and local government from enacting any laws or
policies "whereby homosexual, lesbian or bisexual orientation,
conduct, practices or relationships shall. . . entitle any
person. . . to claim any minority status, quota preferences,
protected status or claim of discrimination."
After a trial with
extensive testimony and, at times, outrageous assertions by the
state's witnesses, trial judge H. Jeffrey Bayless found that such
a provision either lacked a compelling state rationale or, where
a compelling rationale was implicated, the provision was too
broadly drawn.
In its prior decision, the Supreme Court had held that, based on
U.S. Supreme Court caselaw, there exists a fundamental right to
have equal access to the political process.
Denying lesbians,
gay men and bisexuals the opportunity to lobby their elected
officials to enact legislation protecting their interests (which
would be the effect of Amendment 2) denied them such access.
In
the Oct. 11 decision by Chief Justice Rovira, the court refused
to reconsider this holding.
The central issue on this second
appeal, therefore, was whether the state had proved any
compelling justification for denying access to this class of
persons, and whether Amendment 2 was "narrowly tailored" to
achieve such an interest without unnecessarily burdening the
constitutional right of participation.
While the Colorado Supreme Court's opinion upholding the trial
court's decision lacks the eloquent, impassioned call for justice
that has come through in some other similar decisions, the court
effectively and methodically picked apart each of the state's
asserted justifications.
First, the court rejected the state's
assertion that Amendment 2 protects the sanctity of religious,
familial and personal privacy.
While religious and familial
privacy are certainly compelling state interests, the court found
that Amendment 2 was not narrowly enough drawn to further those
particular interests.
The less restrictive way to protect
religious freedom would be to include religious exemptions in
civil rights legislation.
Further, the state's interest in
preserving the right of some parents to teach traditional moral
values to their children fails "because it rests on the
assumption that the right of familial privacy engenders an
interest in having government endorse certain values as moral or
immoral."
The personal privacy argument fails because Amendment
2 would forbid government from banning discrimination in "all
aspects of commercial and public life, no matter how impersonal."
The narrower means of meeting this concern, according to the
court, is to exempt, for instance, owner-occupied housing units
from the non-discrimination law, as has been done and accepted in
other contexts.
Second, the court rejected the state's claim that Amendment 2
serves the compelling state interest in seeing that limited
resources are dedicated to the enforcement of laws protecting
those who fall into suspect classes, rather than diverting some
funds to protect lesbians, gay men and bisexuals from
discrimination.
Preservation of fiscal resources and
administrative convenience are not compelling state interests.
And, even if they were, Amendment 2 does not achieve the goal of
preserving fiscal resources since the facts from other
jurisdictions indicate that enforcing sexual orientation
prohibitions has not had a significant financial impact on the
state.
Third, the state argued that Amendment 2 allows the state's
citizens to establish public social and moral norms, which are
defined as a) preserving heterosexual families and marriage, and
b) sending the societal message condemning lesbians, gay men and
bisexuals as immoral.
Interestingly, the court responded by
saying it knew of "no authority to support the proposition that
the promotion of public morality constitutes a compelling
governmental interest."
At most, according to the court, this
interest is substantial, but not compelling.
"[A]ntidiscrimination laws make no assumptions about the morality
of protected classes -- they simply recognize that certain
characteristics, be they moral or immoral (sic) -- have no
relevance in enumerated commercial contexts."
Furthermore,
employment termination and evictions on the basis of sexual
orientation are not appropriate ways of advancing even valid
moral beliefs.
Fourth, the court rejected the state's argument that Amendment 2
prevents government from supporting the political objectives of a
special interest group.
Because virtually any law could be
regarded as benefitting a "special interest group," the state's
argument would "justify striking down almost any legislative
enactment imaginable."
Finally, the court rejected the state's obviously absurd argument
that Amendment 2 would prevent factionalism and divisiveness over
the controversial issue of homosexuality.
This is accomplished
by eliminating the "city-by-city and county-by-county battles
over this issue."
The court pointed out that the state sought to
end debate over the issue by preventing one side (lesbians, gay
men, etc.) from having a forum to discuss their concerns.
Justice Scott filed a concurring opinion in which he attempts to
resurrect the privileges and immunities provision of the Equal
Protection Clause as the correct means to analyze the voters'
attempt to cut certain people out of the process.
While Judge
Scott's concurrence is interesting, significant downsides to his
theory are that the privileges and immunities clause applies only
to those who are citizens, and the clause has been a virtual dead
letter of constitutional law since the 1873 Slaughter-House
cases.
Justice Erickson dissented from the majority's view, as he did in
the prior appeal, arguing that there is no basis for the court's
claim that there exists a fundamental right to engage in the
political process.
Instead, he analyzes the claim as an Equal
Protection argument and applies rational basis scrutiny to the
claims raised by the state. (Since the trial court's decision
rejecting strict scrutiny analysis on the basis of sexual
orientation was not raised on appeal, the majority did not
address this issue.)
The State of Colorado announced that it will seek review by the
U.S. Supreme Court.
Now pending before the 6th Circuit Court of
Appeals is the Cincinnati Issue 3 case, in which the trial court
used the same analysis as the Colorado Supreme Court in finding
an equal protection violation.
It seems unlikely that the
Supreme Court will take up this question for review until the 6th
Circuit decides that case.
As yet, there is no split among the
state high courts or the circuit courts on this issue.
P.L.E.
Other Initiative News:
Hillsborough County, Florida, Elections
Supervisor Pam Iorio certified a petition on Oct. 17 that will
place on the ballot March 7 an initiative measure seeking to
repeal Tampa's ordinance banning sexual orientation
discrimination, and forbidding the enactment of such an ordinance
in the future.
A previous such initiative was passed by the
voters, but the vote was invalidated by the state courts due to
irregularities with the petitions.
* * *
West Palm Beach,
Florida, Supervisor of Elections Jackie Winchester announced Oct.
24 that nearly a third of the signatures collected on petitions
seeking a referendum to repeal that city's recently enacted gay
rights ordinance were invalid.
Petitioners need to get 353 more
valid signatures by Nov. 4 or they will have to start over from
scratch.
If the necessary signatures are obtained, the city
council must either repeal the ordinance or schedule a special
election. A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Maryland Appeals Court Remands North Visitation Case for New
Hearing; Other Custody/Visitation Notes
After an extraordinary 13-member en banc hearing, the Maryland
Court of Special Appeals ruled Oct. 25 that David North was
entitled to a new hearing on his request for unsupervised
overnight visitation with his daughters.
North v. North, 1994 WL
580362.
North, an HIV+ gay man, had been awarded unsupervised
visitation from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on alternating Saturdays and
from 2 p.m. to 7 p.m. on alternating Sundays, but the Circuit
Court for Prince George's County had denied his request for
overnight visitation or several weeks during summer vacation.
David and Kathryn North married in 1982.
He was a Baptist
minister, and she is the sister of a Baptist minister.
They had
three daughters in the marriage.
In 1991, David, who unbeknownst
to his wife was bisexual and engaging in affairs with men
throughout his marriage, discovered that he was HIV+, but
continued to have unprotected sex with Kathryn for three months
until he moved out of the marital home in June 1991 after telling
his wife about his serostatus.
(She and the children have
repeatedly tested negative for HIV.)
He moved in with a family
friend, David York, who was secretly an HIV+ gay man, with whom
he eventually developed an intimate relationship.
York was
already a longtime friend of Kathryn and the children, and was a
godfather of the youngest child.
Over the next year, David
continued to have extended visitation contact with his children,
but once he announced his and York's homosexuality to his wife
and indicated that he and York were lovers and intended to tell
the daughters about this, she refused to allow further visitation
and filed for divorce.
Kathryn argued for no visitation for David, contending that both
his HIV status and his homosexual lifestyle presented dangers to
the children.
David promised that he would not tell his
daughters about his "lifestyle" if that was necessary for him to
have visitation, and he and York maintained a residence with
separate bedrooms (and a third bedroom for the girls to use on
overnight visitation).
The court decided that David's past
dishonesty and reprehensible conduct in continuing to have
unprotected sex with his wife without revealing his HIV status
indicated a serious character flaw that justified denying
extended and overnight visitation.
David appealed, with amicus
assistance from Lambda Legal Defense and the ACLU.
Nine members of the court agreed, in an opinion by Chief Judge
Wilner, that the refusal to authorize overnight visitation but
the grant of unsupervised daytime visitation were inconsistent
enough to be irrational, and thus vacated the visitation order
and remanded for a new hearing.
"The problem is that the
restriction does not follow logically from the facts found by the
court and has no reasonable relationship to its announced
objective," wrote Wilner.
If David could not be trusted to keep
his promise not to expose his children to a "homosexual
lifestyle," why was he being permitted unsupervised visitation
for several hours on Saturdays and Sundays?
The denial of
overnight visitation in the circumstances seemed arbitrary and an
abuse of discretion.
In a footnote, Wilner commented that the
lower court seemed not to have relied on David's HIV status, but
indicated that should the issue arise on remand, "we would hold
that a child's visitation with a non-custodial HIV-positive
parent cannot be restricted on the basis of that parent's HIV
status unless the court finds that visitation without that
restriction might endanger the child's physical health or impair
his or her emotional development."
Wilner's opinion drew dissents from the remaining four judges,
some of whom insisted that the lower court could reasonably
consider overnights as presenting a qualitatively different
situation from daytime visitation, pointedly noting that most
sexual activity in the North-York home was likely to occur during
the night.
Justice Cathell wrote, "The majority's decision not
to resolve the issue avoids the homosexuality issue and any
resultant controversy regardless of the nature of that
resolution, especially now that the national homosexual rights
groups have been permitted to insert themselves into this private
visitation dispute.
Provided that Mrs. North has sufficient
resources to continue the battle, the controversy will not now go
away.
Its resolution has only been delayed, not avoided." * * *
The Virginia Supreme Court announced Oct. 25 that it would review
the court of appeals decision in Bottoms v. Bottoms, 444 S.E.2d
276 (June 21).
This was bad news for lesbian mother Sharon
Bottoms, since a denial of review would have returned her son,
Tyler Doustou, to her custody.
Tyler remains in the custody of
Sharon's mother, Kay Bottoms, pursuant to trial level rulings;
Kay's appeal of the court of appeals decision, which returned
custody to Sharon, automatically stayed that ruling.
(Richmond
Times-Dispatch, Oct. 26). A.S.L.
Delaware Court Allows Defamation Claim Following Radio
Personality's Allegations of Rival's Homosexuality
The Superior Court of Delaware, New Castle County, will permit an
action for defamation to go forward against a local radio station
personality for allegedly referring to employees of a rival radio
station as homosexuals who make passes at business associates.
The comments were made to the head of an advertising agency with
whom the radio station did business.
In Q-Tone Broadcasting Co.
v. Musicradio of Maryland, Inc., 1994 WL 555391 (Aug. 22),
defendant Donald Duckman, a radio personality, commented on the
air that the staff of a rival radio station were "just a bunch of
homosexuals anyway," that they wanted to "touch [Duckman's]
butt," that they "wear lace on their drawers," that the "Q" in
rival radio personality Tony-Q's name stood for "Queen," and
suggested that his rivals were child molesters.
Duckman also
commented to representatives of an advertising agency that Tony-Q
was a homosexual and had asked whether he had "put the move" on
an advertising executive.
Judge Silverman held that the comments made over the air
regarding Tony-Q being a homosexual or likening him to a child
molester were "derogatory references to transvestitism or
homosexuality" but that, absent specific facts supporting the on-
air accusations, "a reasonable listener would take those comments
as name-calling and no more."
While the court noted that "not
all accusations of homosexuality are non-defamatory
automatically," this was not a case where such accusations were
made as assertions of fact intended to cause harm.
No action in
defamation could proceed as a result of the comments made on the
air.
However, the court held that the comments allegedly made by
Duckman as to Tony-Q's sexuality "not only imply[ing] that [Tony-
Q] is a homosexual, but that he propositions his male clients. .
. . support a prima facie case of slander per se because they
malign [Tony-Q] in his professional conduct."
The court also dismissed plaintiffs' allegation of "false light
invasion of privacy," again because general accusations of
homosexuality were not actionable per se, and so no special
damages could have been incurred.
R.B.
Rhode Island Supreme Court To Consider Sodomy Challenge
A pair of superior court decisions casting doubt on the
constitutionality of Rhode Island's "abominable and detestable
crime against nature" law will result in state supreme court
consideration soon.
In State v. Lopes, P1/90-3789 (March 11),
Superior Court Justice Wiley was presiding over the trial of a
man charged with rape and forcible sodomy of a woman.
The jury
was charged that consent would not be a defense to the sodomy
claims.
The jury acquitted on the rape and forcible sodomy
charges, but convicted on two charges of consensual anal sodomy.
The defendant moved to "arrest judgment," claiming that a
conviction on consensual sodomy would violate his right to
privacy.
In 1980, the Rhode Island Supreme Court upheld the
sodomy law against a federal and state constitutional privacy
challenge in State v. Santos, 413 A.2d 58, so Wiley could not
really do much with the privacy argument, but he decided instead
to consider the challenge under an equal protection theory.
Even
though the Rhode Island law does not distinguish between marital
and non-marital sodomy, federal privacy precedents would suggest
that marital couples could not be prosecuted for private,
consensual sodomy (as the state of Georgia's counsel conceded in
oral argument at the U.S. Supreme Court in Bowers v. Hardwick,
478 U.S. 186 (1986).
This raised the question whether there was
any rational basis for prohibiting unmarried persons from
engaging in conduct that was permitted for married persons.
Referring to several opinions from other states finding sodomy
laws applicable only to unmarried persons to be constitutionally
flawed, Wiley concluded that it was unconstitutional for the
Rhode Island law to be applied to Lopes, and concluded: "Lastly,
the court would urge the state legislature to consider repealing
11-10-1 in order to bring Rhode Island into line with the
majority of states.
Also this would avoid the dilemma of the
lesser included offense request in first degree sexual assault
cases."
The state petitioned for certiorari, which has been
granted by the state supreme court.
On June 28, in a bench ruling, Superior Court Justice Pfeiffer
relied on the Lopes ruling to dismiss charges of crime against
nature and solicitation of crime against nature against Robert De
Magistris.
(State v. De Magistris, P2/93-3890).
Pfeiffer ruled
that as the underlying substantive prohibition was
unconstitutional, solicitation to engage in the conduct could not
be illegal.
However, do to factual disputes, Pfeiffer refused to
dismiss charges of "securement, direction or transportation for
pecuniary gain," which suggests that the sodomy and solicitation
charges against De Magistris were asserted within the broader
context of a prostitution or pimping charge.
(The brief
transcript of the bench ruling is rather cryptic as to facts.)
The state's petition for certiorari is pending.
If granted, it
is possible the cases will be consolidated for consideration by
the Rhode Island Supreme Court.
A.S.L.
Domestic Partnership Updates
The Public Employees Federation, which represents New York State-
employed scientists, engineers and food inspectors reached
agreement with the Governor's Office of Employee Relations on
Sept. 26 for a domestic partnership health insurance program.
To
qualify for benefits, couples must document that they have been
together six months, share a residence and are financially
interdependent.
The union insisted that both gay and
heterosexual couples be covered.
Unions representing state
university professionals and state prison guards had previously
reached agreements on domestic partnership, also covering both
gay and non-gay couples.
Albany Times Union (Sept. 28).
A gay/lesbian Workplace Group honored three Minnesota employers
for adopting domestic partner benefits plans.
St. Paul
Companies, Northern States Power, and the Wilder Foundation have
all announced extension of benefits to both same-sex and
opposite-sex domestic partners as of Jan. 1.
Park Nicollet
Medical Center, which operates 19 clinics, also announced it
would implement such a plan as soon as its payroll computer
system can be adapted for the purpose, according to a consultant
to the Center.
(St. Paul Pioneer Press, Oct. 14).
The University of New Mexico Domestic Partner Benefits Policy
went into effect Oct. 1.
All domestic partners, gay or non-gay,
are eligible for employee benefits on the same basis as spouses
of employees if they register and file an affidavit with the
University.
Health insurance will be effective Jan. 1, 1995.
The Pennsylvania Insurance Department refused to approve an
insurance policy covering same-sex (but not opposite-sex)
domestic partners, contending that such a policy violates the
state's Unfair Insurance Practices Act by discriminating on the
basis of sex and marital status.
The refusal came in a Sept. 29
letter by Richard W. Stoner, a Policy Examiner in the
Department's Office of Rate and Policy Regulation, to
Independence Blue Cross.
Beginning Jan. 1, 1995, Prudential Insurance Co. will be offering
domestic partnership coverage in group policies for companies
with 50 or more employees in California, according to a recent
Internet posting.
Capital Cities/ABC, one of the nation's largest media companies,
announced extension of domestic partnership benefits to same-sex
partners of employees.
(San Francisco Chronicle, Oct. 8).
In
Colorado, Celestial Seasonings and Tattered Cover Bookstore
provides partner benefits.
(Rocky Mountain News, Oct. 9).
And,
in Minnesota, St. Paul Companies, Northern States Power, and the
Wilder Foundation have adopted benefit plans, and Park Nicollet
Medical Center announced plans to implement a plan pending
conversion of its payroll data system.
(St. Paul Pioneer Press,
Oct. 14).
The University of New Mexico Domestic Partnership Benefits Policy
went into effect on Oct. 1, which insurance coverage becoming
available effective Jan. 1.
A.S.L.
Federal Litigation Notes
The Supreme Court denied certiorari on Oct. 3 in Jackson v.
Brighel, 17 F.3d 280 (9th Cir. 1994), in which a gay man
discharged from the Air Force for homosexual conduct was
challenging the search of his off-base home that led to the
discharge.
For details, see 1994 LGLN 41. A.S.L.
The Justice Department announced it would not appeal the decision
of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in Meinhold v. United States
Department of Defense, 1994 WL 467311, 65 FEP Cases (BNA) 1132
(Aug. 31), in which the court upheld the military's policy
excluding sexually active gays from service, but required
reinstatement of Meinhold on the ground that nothing he did or
said expressly indicated his desire to engage in such conduct.
The Defense Department is apparently taking the position that the
court's decision does not impair the validity of its current
policy -- Meinhold was discharged under the policy in effect
prior to the Clinton administration.
A.S.L.
In a case turning more on technicalities than anything else, a
5th Circuit panel in an opinion by Judge Garwood, dismissed a
Title VII sexual harassment case involving male-on-male sexual
harassment.
Garcia v. Elf Atochem North America, 28 F.3d 446
(July 29).
Garcia sued the parent company, Elf Atochem, of a
subsidiary he worked for, Seagraves Ozark.
He also named Jerry
Mowell, plant manager at Seagraves Ozark, and Rayford Locke, the
foreman Garcia claims harassed him.
Garcia stated that on
several occasions Locke approached him from behind and grabbed
Garcia's crotch, making sexual motions.
He complained to
Seagraves Ozark, which reprimanded Locke and informed him that
future incidents would result in termination.
Locke had not
harassed Garcia again; although Seagraves Ozark admitted that it
received other similar complaints about Locke, it viewed the
incidents more as horseplay than anything else.
It informed
Locke that such behavior was inappropriate for a supervisor;
after counselling, there were no further complaints.
The trial
court granted the defendants' motions for summary judgment and
the appeals panel affirmed.
As to Elf Atochem, Judge Garwood
noted that Title VII liability attaches only to the plaintiff's
employer, and Elf was not Garcia's statutory employer.
The court
found that Garcia failed to show that the parent and subsidiary
were a "single, integrated enterprise" for liability to attach to
the parent.
As for Locke himself, the court reiterated that
Title VII liability only applies to the plaintiff's "employer."
Locke, as a plant foreman, was not Garcia's employer (although he
exceeded the status of co-worker).
The court found that to
attach liability to Locke, it would have to construe "employer"
to go beyond "those with the ability to hire or fire."
As the
court put it, Locke was not responsible for the terms and
conditions of Garcia's employment, so Title VII is inappropriate
as applied to Locke.
Lest you think that leaves Mowell, not so,
says the court.
Even if Mowell were considered Garcia's
employer, and Locke did indeed sexually harass Garcia, Mowell
would only be liable if he failed to take "prompt remedial
action" to end the harassment.
Mowell reprimanded Locke
immediately after Garcia reported the alleged harassment, and his
prompt action caused Locke's undesired behavior to cease.
Finally, the court stated that this is all academic anyway, as it
held in Giddens v. Shell Oil Co., No. 92-8533 (5th Cir. Dec. 6,
1993)(unpublished), that "[h]arassment by a male supervisor
against a male subordinate does not state a claim under Title VII
even though the harassment has sexual overtones.
Title VII
addresses gender discrimination."
The court concluded that what
Locke did to Garcia could not in any event constitute sexual
harassment within Title VII, and therefore summary judgment in
favor of all of the defendants is proper.
P.T. * * * On Oct. 11,
the Supreme Court denied a petition for certiorari in Giddens,
No. 93-1758. A.S.L.
U.S. District Judge Raymond J. Dearie rejected a magistrate's
decision in U.S. v. Eric Hoffmann, 93 Cr. 948 (see NYLJ, Oct. 20,
p. 1), vacating the conviction of Eric Hoffman for public
lewdness in a secluded area of Gateway National Recreation Area.
The arresting police officer was out looking for persons engaged
in homosexual activity, and came across Hoffman among the
shrubbery at 8:45 p.m. on a Sunday evening.
The magistrate took
the position that outdoors activity was "public" and convicted
Hoffman, imposing a small fine.
Dearie disagreed, citing People
v. McNamara, 578 N.Y.S.2d 476 (NY Ct. App. 1991), in which NY's
highest court held that sexual activity in a parked car did not
violate laws against public sex if under the circumstances it was
clear that the participants did not intend their activities to be
visible to the public.
"The only photograph entered into
evidence depicts an area that, even in broad daylight, is dark
and shrouded with shrubbery," wrote Dearie, who said there was
nothing in the NY precedents "that suggests that the outdoors
must always be a public place."
Dearie emphasized that "the
arresting officer, hardly a casual passerby, was on patrol
searching for evidence of homosexual behavior or drug activity,
and yet he could not see the defendant and his companion until he
left the path and penetrated the apparently dense shrubbery."
A.S.L.
Adhering to a position previously announced in several rulings,
the U.S. Court of Military Appeals held in U.S. v. Gates, 1994 WL
577534 (Sept. 16), that the constitutional right of privacy does
not invalidate the application of Art. 125, Uniform Code of
Military Justice, to private, non-adulterous, non-commercial,
consensual heterosexual fellatio.
Citing Bowers v. Hardwick, 478
U.S. 186 (1986), as had prior military courts, Judge Wiss
indicated that the Hardwick court's "approach" to evaluating
"claimed due process rights" doomed the appellant's case, even
though the Hardwick decision was concerned only with "homosexual
sodomy." * * * Elena Martinez, who says she is not a lesbian and
that the whole thing is a big mistake, has agreed to accept an
honorable discharge from the Marines in which her papers will
indicate that she left the service because of homosexual acts.
Martinez had been accused based on rumors that she had been seen
kissing other women, and dancing with another woman in a bar.
Based on these rumors, it was alleged that a senior enlisted
Marine held a closed-door meeting with her co-workers to try to
dig up dirt on her.
Whatever happened to "don't ask, don't
tell"?
(Charlotte Observer, Oct. 7).
A.S.L.
State Litigation Notes
In the appeal of a capital murder conviction, the Texas Court of
Appeals found no error in a criminal trial court's refusal to
admit into evidence pornographic pictures of the victim, who had
suffered a stroke and who was partially paralyzed.
Reagan v.
State, 1994 WL 548711 (Tex. App., Oct. 6).
The appellant, who
had lived with the victim for a period of time, apparently argued
that the photographs were relevant because the victim had
allegedly sexually assaulted him.
The Court of Appeals
disagreed, finding that the pictures would have inflamed the
jury, and that the appellant had been allowed to present evidence
of the victim's sexual orientation at trial.
The court also
overruled Reagan's other arguments concerning proper venue and
the right to confront witnesses.
D.W.
The Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal
of a murder, kidnapping and attempted robbery conviction,
rejecting a claim that the trial judge had given inadequate
opportunity during voir dire for defense attorneys to probe any
bias in favor of gays among prospective jurors.
Velez v. State,
1994 WL 583695 (Oct. 26).
The defendant claimed that the severe
beating which caused Patrick Grogan's death in Grogan's apartment
occurred because Grogan made a homosexual advance toward co-
defendant Amento, and Velez beat up Grogan defending Amento.
The
court found that the trial court had adequately covered this
issue during the voir dire.
A.S.L.
The California Court of Appeal, 1st District, revived a
discrimination suit under the state's Unruh Civil Rights Act in
which Thomas Sherck, a gay man, charged that the California Golf
Club of San Francisco had discriminated against him on the basis
of his sexual orientation by denying him membership.
The club
claims that Sherck's application was denied because his sponsors
(who he named as co-defendants) withdrew their support.
The club
is not contesting coverage under the Act.
(Sacramento Bee, Sept.
30).
A.S.L.
In a divorce proceeding in which the wife filed for divorce
because the husband "changed" his sexual orientation and began an
extramarital relationship with a man, the Connecticut Superior
Court, Judge Silbert presiding, ruled that although the husband's
infidelity exacerbated the deterioration of the marriage and
"hastened its decline," it cannot be said to be the cause of the
breakdown.
Fraser v. Fraser, 1994 WL 577121 (Oct. 12).
Rather,
the court concluded that the marriage had broken down
irretrievably, but not as the result of fault that can be
attributed to either party.
Lorraine Fraser filed for divorce in
1993, after thirteen years of marriage and two children with
Stephen Fraser.
Stephen acknowledged that he had begun to
question his own sexual identity about two years prior to the
commencement of the divorce action, and that he had been involved
in a sexual relationship with one Westrup for about a year prior.
Lorraine Fraser called Westrup as a witness, and he confirmed the
relationship through what the court referred to as "candid"
testimony.
Stephen claimed that his sexual orientation and
infidelity undoubtedly had an impact on his marriage, but that it
actually began to break down several years prior, and the lack of
communication in the relationship caused him to feel "alone."
Evidently, the court agreed.
The court ordered dissolution
played out along fairly standard terms.
She gets the car and $40
per week in alimony, he gets his dictionary and an oil painting
of the kids painted by his sister.
One point of interest was the
custody visitation schedule.
Lorraine was awarded custody of the
children, subject to the rights of reasonable visitation by
Stephen.
Lorraine requested that Westrup not be permitted to
join Stephen during visitation, but, as the court noted, offered
no compelling reason for that request.
The court denied her
wish, stating that Westrup's presence would not cause the
children any harm, but offered that it was influenced by Stephen
representing that he would refer to Westrup as a "friend," and
that no sexual activity or reference to the nature of their
sexual relationship will occur during any visits.
The court was
silent as to whether any similar restrictions were placed on
Lorraine.
P.T.
New York City Criminal Court Judge Laura Jacobson held that non-
sexual S&M activity performed for a fee is not prostitution under
the NY Penal Code, sec. 230.00.
People v. Georgia A., NYLJ,
10/27/94, p. 37, col. 2 (Kings Co.).
The defendant was arrested
after making an assignation with a police officer, taking him to
her apartment, and beginning preparations for her performance as
a dominatrix.
Judge Jacobson found that the officer "entered Ms.
A's apartment intending to participate in an arrest and nothing
was going to deter him from that end result," even though the
defendant made clear that she was not interested in any form of
sexual intercourse with the officer.
Describing the defendant's
detailed testimony about the services she offered, Jacobson
wrote: "Her testimony was educational as well as entertaining and
provided an insight into an area of behavior which is not often
talked about in public. . . Ms. A. was quite adamant when she
stated that a person involved in the `S & M' sexual life did not
want intercourse, and that as a dominatrix and participant in
that life, she never offered, nor would she offer, to have
intercourse with anyone seeking her services."
Jacobson
concluded that the defendant's services did not include "sexual
conduct" as that term has been construed under sec. 230.00, which
forbids anyone from engaging or offering to engage in "sexual
conduct with another person in return for a fee," and dismissed
the charges.
A.S.L.
Hamilton County, Ohio, Municipal Court Judge William Mallory
refused to dismiss obscenity charges against the Pink Pyramid, a
bookstore specializing in gay and lesbian materials, and three of
its clerks.
The Oct. 3 ruling concerned a misdemeanor complaint,
punishable by up to 180 days in prison and a $1,000 fine for the
clerks and a $5,000 fine for the store.
The prosecution concerns
rental of a videotape of Pasolini's film, "Salo, or the 120 Days
of Sodom," a deliberately gross depiction of fascism that
includes depictions of explicit sex and excrement.
The defense
argued that Pasolini's film, regardless of its explicitness,
could not possibly be found obscene under the Supreme Court's
Miller test, because of its artistic and political value.
Mallory held that the question whether the film was obscene was a
factual matter for the jury to determine.
A trial is scheduled
to being Jan. 9, 1995.
A.S.L.
Last month, we related a newspaper report of a decision holding
that Florida's Department of Health & Rehabilitative Services had
violated administrative notice and hearing requirements in its
adoption of rules and policies disqualifying unmarried couples
and gay people from being foster parents.
The decision is now
published as Matthews v. Weinberg, 1994 WL 531291, 19 Fla. L.
Weekly D2088 (Fla.App., 2nd Dist., Sept. 30).
A.S.L.
Lambda Legal Defense settled an administrative complaint before
the Connecticut Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities
against The American Radio Delay League, a national ham radio
association, which had refused to run an advertisement in its
magazine by the Lambda Amateur Radio Club (LARC).
Lambda charged
a violation of Connecticut's human rights law, which forbids
sexual orientation discrimination by public accommodations.
After the commission found probable cause in February 1994,
settlement discussions ensued.
The League is required to adopt a
non-discrimination policy, pay LARC's legal fees, and offer free
advertising to LARC.
A.S.L.
The Massachusetts Parole Board on Oct. 18 unanimously voted to
parole Debra Denise Reid, who was convicted of manslaughter in
the stabbing death of her partner, Jacqueline Gary.
Ms. Reid
contended she was a battered woman who had killed her partner in
self-defense, but the trial judge refused to allow any evidence
on this point to be heard by the jury, and the Board of Pardons
refused to commute her sentence.
Governor Weld never acted on
her commutation petition.
Reid is represented by Sandra E.
Lundy, a private practitioner in Boston.
A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act was approved by
Congress and signed by President Clinton.
The conference
committee had removed a draconian amendment approved in both
houses that would have essentially denied federal funds to school
districts that provided any affirmative counseling for gay
students or indicated in any way to students that homosexuality
was an acceptable "lifestyle."
Instead, the final bill included
a provision barring the use of federal funds to promote sexual
activity of any kind by students.
A.S.L.
The North Carolina legislature approved amendments to the state's
penal law that substantially reduced potential penalties for
consensual sodomy ("crime against nature" [CAN], NCGS sec. 14-
177) effective Oct. 1.
Prior to Oct. 1, CAN was a class H felony
with a maximum sentence of up to 10 years, and solicitation was a
misdemeanor punishable by up to 2 years.
Anyone convicted of CAN
or attempt to commit CAN faced a presumptive sentence of three
years and it was entirely within the judge's discretion whether
to impose a prison sentence.
The revisions downgrade the
classifications for CAN and soliciting CAN, and make it likely
that only those with bad prior records would receive an active
term of imprisonment, since active terms are not supposed to be
imposed on first offenders in these categories.
Our thanks to
Greensboro attorney John Boddie for alerting us to these changes.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
A new study conducted by researchers at the University of
Chicago, and claiming to be based on a large enough national
random sample to be reasonably accurate, found that 2.8% of men
and 1.4% of women called themselves gay, lesbian or bisexual, but
that significantly larger percentages said they had engaged in
same-sex conduct (5.3% and 3.5%, respectively) and an even larger
percentage admitted to same-sex feelings and desires (10.1% and
8.6%).
The researchers admitted that the research method, which
involved face-to-face interviews, probably meant that these
numbers understated the true representation of same-sexers in the
sample.
Activists scoffed at the likelihood that any face-to-
face random survey could produce accurate figures.
The New York City Loft Board, which regulates the rights of
residents of loft apartments, has recognized the right of
surviving gay partners to take over the lofts of their deceased
partners, according to a news report in the New York Law Journal
(Oct. 12, p.1).
The ruling in Matter of Snelham-Moor, TR-0580,
accords loft residents the same rights enjoyed by rent stabilized
and rent controlled tenants under regulations promulgated by the
State Division of Housing and Community Renewal, and also accords
with decisions about cooperative apartment proprietary lease
rights of the New York City Commission on Human Rights.
The Clinton Administration has appointed quite a few openly-gay
officials, but fumbled the appointment of Tom Potter, former
Portland, Oregon, Police Chief, to head a new program established
by the recently passed crime bill to increase the number of
police officers nationwide.
Potter, an ardent gay rights
supporter, withdrew from consideration after a high Justice
Department official questioned whether he could be effective in
dealing with local police officials due to his well-known gay
rights activism.
The DOJ fumbling produced widespread ridicule
in the media.
The Florida Supreme Court has adopted a code of judicial conduct
modeled on the 1990 ABA Code, which prohibits sexual orientation
discrimination by judges.
In re: Code of Judicial Conduct, 1994
WL 525903 (Sept. 29).
The Rabbinical Assembly of America, the rabbinic arm of
Conservative Judaism in the United States, approved a "Pastoral
Letter on Intimate Relations" that affirms the morality of
unmarried heterosexual cohabitation if the participants otherwise
follow the same ethical norms as married persons.
Without
directly taking a position on the morality of same-sex relations,
the letter urges respect for lesbians and gays and encourages
their participation in synagogue life.
Dean Hamer, the National Cancer Institute researcher who
announced that he had identified the possible location of a gene
on the X chromosome that may be a factor in determination of
sexual orientation, has published The Science of Desire: The Gay
Gene and the Biology of Behavior with co-author Peter Copeland.
Sure to spark continued debate, the book provides a detailed
account of Hamer's research and the possible interpretation of
his results.
A reader corrected our report last month about Mike Pisaturo, who
is a candidate for the Rhode Island (not California) state House.
The reader also notes that depending on the election outcome,
some residents of Cranston, R.I., will be represented in both
houses of the legislature by a gay man.
Out of the medical closet:
American Association of Physicians
for Human Rights has changed its name to The Gay and Lesbian
Medical Association.
Volker Beck, a member of the Green Party, is the first openly gay
person to be elected to the German Bundestag, the lawmaking
chamber of the parliament.
He told reporters that gay marriage
is a major legislative goal.
The Toronto Star (Oct. 19) reports that the Metro Toronto
Children's Aid Society has changed its prior policy of barring
same-sex couples from becoming foster parents.
The Society
announced it was changing its policy because new research shows
"heterosexual couples do not have a corner on parenting capacity.
Some homosexual couples can provide an appropriate and more
nurturing environment." A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Lavender Law IV, a conference organized by the National Lesbian
and Gay Law Association, was held in Portland, Oregon, on Oct.
21-23.
It drew more than 500 lawyers and law students.
The
keynote speaker at opening ceremonies was Governor Roberts of
Oregon.
NLGLA presented its Dan Bradley Service Award to Prof.
William Adams of Southeastern University Law School (Ft.
Lauderdale, Florida), and awards for contributions to lesbian and
gay civil rights to Abby Rubenfeld and Arthur Leonard. * * *
At
the ABA's 1994 Annual Meeting in August, NLGLA presented its
Allies for Justice Awards, given to non-gay lawyers who have
contributed significantly to the fight for gay rights, to Sara-
Ann Determan, a partner of Hogan & Hartson, Dean William Robinson
of the District of Columbia School of Law, former ABA President
Chesterfield Smith, a partner at Holland & Knight, and John
Pickering of Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering. A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
First Circuit Adopts Broad Construction of ADA; Revives HIV-Cap
Benefits Claim by Auto Dealer Against Industry Benefits Plan
In an important case of first impression, the U.S. Court of
Appeals, First Circuit, ruled Oct. 12 that the president and sole
shareholder of Carparts Distribution Center, Inc., Ronald Senter,
could maintain an action under Titles I and III of the Americans
With Disabilities Act for disability discrimination against the
self-funded medical reimbursement plan operated by the Automotive
Wholesalers Association of New England.
Carparts Distribution
Center, Inc. v. Automotive Wholesaler's Association of New
England, Inc., 1994 WL 543530.
The district court had dismissed
Senter's claim that the imposition of an HIV benefits cap by the
plan violated ADA, holding that neither the Association nor its
plan was an "employer" of the plaintiff for ADA purposes, and
that the plan itself was not covered as a "place of public
accommodation" under Title III.
In dismissing on these grounds,
the district court never reached the merits of whether either
title of ADA could be construed to forbid HIV-related benefit
caps, a question being hotly contested in several forums.
Turning first to the Title I (employment discrimination) claim,
Circuit Judge Torruella argued: "If under any legal theory
defendants could be considered `employers' for purposes of Title
I, then plaintiffs should be given an opportunity to amend their
complaint to allege the facts establishing the application of
that theory to the present case," and then noted a variety of
theories under which the concept of "employer" had been treated
expansively under civil rights laws, including Title VII of the
1964 Civil Rights Act.
"If [the Association] and [the plan]
exist solely for the purpose of enabling entities such as
Carparts to delegate their responsibility to provide health
insurance to their employees, they are so intertwined with those
entities that they must be deemed an `employer' for purposes of
Title I of the ADA," said Torruella, relying on Title VII
precedent; furthermore, the defendants might be considered
"agents" of the employer, whose relationship would not insulate
them from Title I liability.
The court also noted cases where
non-employees had been found to have Title VII claims because a
particular aspect of their employment was effectively controlled
by an entity who was not otherwise their employer.
Torruella
concluded that Carparts' factual allegations were sufficient to
make any of these theories viable, thus presenting a basis for
jurisdiction.
Turning to the Title III claim, Torruella held the question
whether "places of public accommodation" are "limited to actual
physical structures" to be a question of first impression under
ADA, and concluded that "they are not so limited."
The court
used the example of a "travel service," one of the listed types
of businesses in the statutory definition, and noted that a
customer might use a travel service entirely through telephone
communication without ever entering a physical structure.
A
broad definition as encompassing just about any business selling
services seems consistent with the legislative history.
While
noting that sec. 501(c) might require a contrary result under
Title I, it was premature to judge the definitional question in
advance of trial on such a significant issue of first impression.
Finally, noting that the trial court's dismissal of claims under
the New Hampshire Law Against Discrimination and 42 U.S.C. sec.
1985(3) as preempted by ERISA was based on the lower court's
erroneous dismissal of the ADA claims, the court remanded those
claims as well for reconsideration in light of its opinion.
While the court did not address the merits of whether ADA
actually forbids AIDS caps, EEOC has achieved several settlements
of claims in such cases (see below), and a consensus seems to be
forming on the issue.
Taken together with the 1st Circuit's
jurisdictional rulings in this case, a strong message is sent to
employee benefit plan administrators about the dangers of
adopting HIV-specific benefits caps.
A.S.L.
Court Upholds Visitation for Father Who Shares House With HIV+
Brother
In Sherman v. Sherman, 1994 WL 535459 (Oct. 5), the Tennessee
Court of Appeals ruled a mother's unsubstantiated fear that her
daughters might be exposed to HIV does not provide grounds to
restrict the father's visitation rights.
The Shermans were
married in 1980, and lived during most of their marriage on a
North Carolina ranch owned by Mr. Sherman's parents.
Mr.
Sherman's brother lived elsewhere on the ranch with his
"homosexual companion."
The Shermans' two daughters were born in
1981 and 1984.
When the Shermans divorced in 1988, Ms. Sherman
received custody of the two children; Mr. Sherman received
visitation rights on alternate weekends and holidays.
Ms.
Sherman re-married in May of 1991, becoming Ms. McLaughlin.
She
and her new husband moved to Tennessee, while negotiating new
visitation agreements for the Sherman daughters.
In August of
1991, Ms. McLaughlin learned that Mr. Sherman's brother had HIV,
a fact which the family had withheld from her.
The McLaughlins
were "extremely upset at the news."
In 1992 Ms. McLaughlin filed
a petition, based on changed circumstances, seeking to restrict
Mr. Sherman's visitation rights and to prohibit visitation at his
parents' ranch.
Mr. Sherman opposed the petition.
The trial
court awarded Mr. Sherman four weeks of summer visitation, plus
holidays, at the ranch.
The Court of Appeals affirmed.
The court reasoned that its primary concern must be the best
interests of the child, including an interest in continuing
relationships.
In this case, the children's grandparents, their
father, their uncle, and many of their childhood friends, in
addition to many of their mother's relatives, all lived on or
near the ranch.
The court also noted that parents have a
constitutionally protected interest in maintaining a relationship
with their children.
The court qualified this statement,
however, by adding that visitation should be limited "when it
would expose the child to harm in the physical or moral sense" -
although the party seeking to curtail visitation on this basis
bears the burden of proof.
The court further added that it would
not substitute its own judgment for that of medical experts in
determining whether the presence of an HIV+ person in the same
house might harm the children.
In order to restrict Mr.
Sherman's visitation rights, therefore, the court stated that Ms.
McLaughlin needed to present expert evidence that staying at the
ranch would create a medically significant increased risk to the
children.
Ms. McLaughlin had presented no such evidence, and the
court cited numerous cases and articles describing the risk of
HIV transmission in household contact as virtually nonexistent.
The Court of Appeals therefore affirmed the judgment, with costs,
and remanded the case for whatever further proceedings might be
required.
One surprising issue was not a part of the case on appeal.
The
trial court order awarding visitation also required Mr. Sherman
and his parents to take periodic HIV tests, and to furnish the
results to Ms. McLaughlin.
The Court of Appeals stated in a
footnote that, because the respondents had not objected to the
tests, it would not decide whether ordering them was permissible
under the circumstances.
O.R.D.
Court Continues Consideration of HIV-Related ADA Discrimination
Claim In Real Life Philadelphia Case; Lawyers Take Matter To
Press
In Doe v. Kohn, Nast & Graf (U.S.Dist.Ct., E.D.Pa.), plaintiff
"John Doe", a lawyer, claims he was fired by defendant, a
prestigious law firm, because he is infected with HIV.
Kohn,
Nast maintains that it fired Doe because his work was
disappointing.
This life-imitates-art-imitates-life scenario is
identical to the premise of the 1993 Jonathan Demme film,
Philadelphia.
Doe's Second Amended Complaint included defamation
and invasion of privacy claims, as well as two counts of
discrimination under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
On October 6, District Judge Gawthrop granted in part and denied
in part Kohn Nast's motion for summary judgment on the four
counts, 1994 WL 558250.
The court agreed with defendant and dismissed the defamation
claim.
Doe alleged that defendant's statements to the media,
including The National Law Journal, NBC News and ABC News, in
which the firm detailed its view of his poor work habits and
improper conduct, were defamatory.
But the court found that the
statements were protected by Pennsylvania's "fair comment"
privilege, "which does apply to reports of pleadings even in the
absence of judicial action," so long as the reports "are a fair
and accurate report of pleadings and in-court statements made by
defendants at future stages of the case."
As to the privacy claim, Kohn, Nast admits that it opened Doe's
mail, but argued that this does not constitute an unlawful
invasion of privacy.
Judge Gawthrop denied their motion for
summary judgment on this count, however, concluding that the
claim was not time-barred and that "a jury must determine whether
the defendants reasonably believed that they were authorized to
open those letters" and "whether defendants' actions would have
been highly offensive to the reasonable person."
Judge Gawthrop also refused to dismiss both ADA discrimination
claims.
The first involved improper medical inquiries under the
ADA.
The court ruled that "plaintiff has not failed to exhaust
his administrative remedies."
The court also disagreed with
Kohn, Nast's contention that "Doe has failed to state a claim
that the firm made an improper medical inquiry" under the ADA, 42
U.S.C. sec. 12112(d)(4)(A).
Doe claims that his Kohn, Nast boss
became suspicious that he was ill, searched his office and found
a letter from Johns Hopkins University AIDS service, which the
boss then placed in his personal file.
"This sequence of events,
if proved, states a claim that [the boss] made an improper
medical inquiry of the plaintiff."
The second ADA claim involved retaliation under 42 U.S.C. sec.
12203(b).
Doe alleges that the firm asked him to leave when it
discovered he planned to file a lawsuit accusing them of not
renewing his contract because he is HIV-positive.
"This
allegation by itself is sufficient to support a claim under sec.
12203(b)," wrote Gawthrop.
Alan B. Epstein, Doe's attorney, says this is the first ADA-
discrimination case involving either AIDS or HIV to come to
trial.
On Oct. 24, Epstein told The National Law Journal (p.
A12), that Doe was a victim of two viruses, the AIDS virus and
the virus of "invidious discrimination."
The National Law
Journal also reported that Kohn, Nast unsuccessfully attempted to
change venue from Pennsylvania's eastern district, in
Philadelphia, to the state's middle or western districts, in
order to avoid the inevitable coverage linking the Demme film and
the case.
Judge Gawthrop rejected Kohn, Nast's attempts to
dismiss any juror who had seen the film.
After selecting the
jury, the defense asked the judge to strike the jury and begin
anew, arguing that Kohn, Nast believed the 13 women and 2 men on
the panel were "predisposed to favor the plaintiff."
An
unconvinced Judge Gawthrop shot back: "Think you'll do better
next time?" and told the defense that the selected jury would
remain.
There have been further fireworks in the case.
On Oct. 18, The
Philadelphia Inquirer reported that Judge Gawthrop reprimanded
Donald J.P. Sweeney, a defense attorney, for raising the issue of
homosexuality during cross-examination of Doe.
Unlike the judge
in the film Philadelphia, Judge Gawthrop has refused to allow the
jurors to hear any evidence about Doe's sexuality and how he
acquired the virus.
Judge Gawthrop stated that Doe's sexual
orientation is irrelevant to the central question of the case,
namely whether Kohn, Nast discriminated against Doe by firing him
after it learned he was HIV-positive.
After Sweeney admitted
that the question was irrelevant, he attempted to excuse his
behavior, calling it "a foolish" error, adding, "I did not do it
recklessly, I did not do it intentionally," to which Judge
Gawthrop acerbically queried, "Was your subconscious, sir,
launching that word off your tongue?" Defense counsel maintains
that evidence of Doe's sexual orientation should be admitted
eventually because during pretrial proceedings Doe himself
referred to such rumors.
However, Judge Gawthrop warned both
attorneys that if either brought up the issue again, they would
"run the risk of personally being heavily sanctioned."
Further tension erupted about instructions to the jury regarding
Doe's sexuality.
Defense counsel maintains that the jury should
merely be told not to consider the issue of sexual orientation at
this point.
However, Doe's counsel angrily responded, "If that's
true then I get to ask [Kohn, Nast partners] what their sexual
preference is. . . what kind of kinky things they get into in any
given evening. . . . They can call Playboy, they can call
Hustler, and they can all come down here and have a ball."
When
the jurors returned, Judge Gawthrop said the issue is "absolutely
irrelevant to this trial . . . It's a red herring having nothing
to do with the issue in this case." C.B.R.
Federal Court Allows Liability Suit Against State Police Officers
for HIV Testing of Arrestee
U.S. District Judge Munson (N.D.N.Y.) ruled Sept. 14 in Incitti
v. Skinner, 1994 WL 532527, that the administrix of the estate of
David Lipinski was entitled to litigate on the merits claims that
Lipinski's federal and state constitutional and common law rights
were violated in June 1987 when state police allegedly coerced
him into submitting to an HIV test while in custody during
investigation of allegations that Lipinski had engaged in sodomy
with two teenage boys, and the subsequent leak of information
about his HIV status to the local newspapers.
Lipinski denied
the sodomy allegations during his interrogation. When a police
officer said he would be arrested, he ran from the room and
suffered a cut above his eye when another officer slugged him in
the face to prevent his escape.
The incident caused some
bloodshed, and the officer requested that Lipinski, now under
arrest, undergo HIV testing.
Lipinski refused to consent at
first, then agreed when (according to his deposition) he was told
that the police could obtain a court order and forcibly extract
blood from him.
(In fact, an attorney from the state police
department had advised local state police officials that a court
order could not be obtained.)
Three weeks later, while Lipinski
was in Broome County Jail, the HIV test results came back
positive to the state police department doctor who had extracted
the blood.
He notified the state police officer, families of the
teenage boys, hospital staff, and the sheriff at the jail.
Lipinski was informed of the result after being moved to an
isolation cell.
The sheriff told a local newspaper reporter,
resulting in newspaper stories.
Lipinski, despondent, attempted
suicide unsuccessfully and was sent briefly to a Psychiatric
Center.
After he was sent back to prison, he was found stabbed
to death in his cell on October 18, 1991.
By that time, he had
already filed suit against the police officers, the doctor, the
state police superintendent, the state police department and a
variety of other state employees, and had been deposed.
His
administrix was substituted as plaintiff.
Judge Munson was ruling on a variety of cross-motions for summary
judgment in his Sept. 14 opinion.
On claims under 42 U.S.C. sec.
1983 for violation of Lipinski's 4th Amendment right against
unreasonable search or seizure and his due process right of
privacy, Munson essentially denied summary judgment to both
sides, at least with respect to claims asserted against the
defendants as individuals.
(He found qualified immunity to
protect the official defendants, and thus dismissed them as
defendants.)
Munson concluded that there was a genuine dispute
about the voluntariness of Lipinski's consent to the test, making
summary judgment inappropriate on the 4th Amendment claim.
However, on the due process privacy claim, he found that at the
time of this incident, the defendants could reasonably have
believed that the police officer's need to know Lipinski's HIV
status, as well as the teenage boys Lipinski was charged with
having "sodomized," would outweigh any privacy interest Lipinski
had with respect to their learning of his HIV status.
Lipinski
had failed to allege facts sufficient to make a prima facie case
that the newspaper leaks were attributable to any of the named
defendants; the article clearly named the Broome County sheriff
as their source, and he was not named as a defendant.
As to
pendent state tort claims, Munson found that they also rode on
the resolution of the consent issue, so were not suitable for
summary judgment.
Turning to Lipinski's conspiracy claim under 42 U.S.C. sec. 1985,
Munson granted the defendants' motion to dismiss for failure to
state a claim against the State Police Department and its chief,
but refused to dismiss as against the local state police
personnel who might be said to have conspired to coerce Lipinski
into giving consent to the test.
Once again, the outcome turns
on fact-finding at trial.
Munson disposed of various discovery
motions against the chief of the state police by noting that he
had been removed from the case as a defendant by disposition of
the substantive motions.
Finally, Munson denied the defendants'
motion for Rule 11 sanctions, finding no support for their
argument that Lipinski's motions were frivolous or filed for
improper reasons.
Significantly, the incidents underlying this case took place in
1987, several years before New York State enacted a comprehensive
HIV confidentiality statute.
A.S.L.
Military Court Holds Consent No Defense in Case of Sexually-
Transmitted HIV
In U.S. v. Bygrave, 1994 WL 525030 (Navy-Marine Court of Military
Review, Aug. 30), the court held that consent is not a defense to
prosecution for aggravated assault for exposing a sexual partner
to HIV.
Michael M.A. Bygrave infected two women with HIV during
sexual intercourse.
The first, Petty Officer 2nd Class J, which
whom he had an affair in 1987-88, he never told about his HIV
status (which he knew about from the inception of the affair),
and in fact specifically denied to her that he had any sexually
transmitted diseases.
When she tested positive in mid-1988 and
confronted him, he confessed that he was also positive, and their
relationship terminated.
Then Bygrave was assigned to another
base and became sexually involved in 1990 with Petty Officer 3rd
Class C, this time informing his partner that he was HIV
positive.
They usually used condoms during sex, but forgot on
"one or two occasions."
In July 1991, C was informed that she
was HIV positive, and she expressed certainty in pretrial
statements that he was the source of her infection.
Bygrave and
C subsequently married.
Appealing his conviction, Bygrave argued
that as to C, consent was a defense to the charge of aggravated
assault.
The review panel rejected this claim.
"There is no
dispute in our law that seminal fluid containing the HIV
qualifies as a means likely to produce death or grievous bodily
harm.
It logically follows then that informed consent is no
defense to assault by means of HIV-infected seminal fluid passed
through unprotected sexual intercourse," wrote Judge Larson,
going on to recite a variety of policy reasons for refusing to
recognize consent in such circumstances.
However, the sentence
against Bygrave was set aside for reconsideration because of a
showing that the staff judge advocate had made statements to the
press prior to sentencing that impaired the appearance of
impartiality of the tribunal in that phase of the proceeding.
A.S.L.
HIV Transmission Litigation Notes
The 6th Circuit Court of Appeals, applying Tennessee law, held
Oct. 19 that in a product liability action for AIDS transmission
through blood products, the statute of limitations begins to run
when the blood is given to the patient.
Spence v. Miles
Laboratories, Inc., 1994 WL 568339.
Wynne Spence was first
diagnosed with hemophilia in 1977 following an automobile
accident.
Spence required treatment for hemophilia several times
between the accident and 1986.
He received Factor IX blood
clotting medication.
During the summer of 1986, after a knee
injury, Spence received Konyne-HT, a blood clotting factor
manufactured by Miles Laboratories.
The blood used to
manufacture the factor was collected and processed during 1984
and 1985.
In March 1986, the Tennessee legislature enacted a
statute requiring that blood collected directly from individuals
be tested for AIDS prior to being administered to a patient.
Tenn. Code Ann. sec. 68-32-102.
One of the issues before the
court was whether the statute required Miles to recall Konyne-HT
that had already been manufactured and test it for the virus
prior to selling it to Spence in July 1986, but the court avoided
that issue and decided the case on narrower grounds.
Since sec.
68-32-102 does not reference a statute
of limitations, the court
determined that the case was based upon products liability and
consequently the action must be brought within one year after the
expiration of the anticipated life of the product as determined
by the expiration date placed on the product, which for this lot
of Konyne-HT was June 5, 1987.
Spence was diagnosed with AIDS in
March 1990 and filed his suit March 20, 1991.
Application of
Tennessee's products liability statute of limitations thus time-
bars Spence's claim.
Spence argued that receiving the factor was
more analogous to medical service than purchase of a product, but
the court narrowly construed the medical service statute to
include "the transplanting, injection, transfusion or other
transfer of such substances" but not to include the sale of blood
clotting factor, thus time-barring Spence's claims.
T.V.L.
District Judge Motz ruled Sept. 30 in Doe v. American National
Red Cross, 1994 WL 575496 (U.S.Dist.Ct., D. Md.), that the
defendant Red Cross was entitled to summary judgment in an HIV
transmission suit arising from a blood donation taken in January
1984.
The plaintiffs, brother and daughter of a woman who died
from AIDS in 1992 as a result of her 1984 transfusion, argued
that the failure of the blood bank to test donated blood for
Hepatitis-B virus (as a surrogate marker for AIDS), to screen
donors by directing questioning them about their sexual activity,
or to provide warnings about the fatal risk of contracting AIDS
from transfusions, violated the blood bank's duty of care at that
time.
The defendant moved to dismiss on the ground that it was
complying with the standard of care of the blood banking industry
at that time.
Plaintiffs alleged that a jury could conclude that
the industry had effectively controlled government regulators and
"unduly lagged in the adoption of new and available devices" to
prevent harm, citing a ruling to that effect by the Colorado
Supreme Court in Quintana v. United Blood Services, 827 P.2d 509
(1992).
After reviewing the factual allegations in the light
most favorable to the plaintiffs, Motz found that a rational jury
could not reach such a conclusion, asserting that plaintiff had
presented insufficient evidence that the methods being advocated
by plaintiffs were so developed by January 1984 that it would be
negligent for a blood bank not to have adopted them.
A.S.L.
In Skinner v. Glenn, 1994 WL 524036 (U.S.Dist.Ct.N.J.) (not
officially reported), the plaintiff, an inmate in a pre)release
program in the New Jersey prison system, filed suit against his
employer, a recycling company, in a work release program.
The
plaintiff alleged violation of his civil rights under 42 U.S.C.
sec. 1983 in federal court.
The injuries sustained included
needle sticks suffered while handling garbage which was being
recycled.
The complaint alleged that Skinner would now have to
undergo HIV testing every six months for
the next eighteen
months, that inadequate precautions were taken to prevent
foreseeable injuries of this nature, and that state action was
involved, because the work release program somehow implicated his
employer as a state actor.
The court granted the employer's
motion to dismiss, finding that Skinner did not name the state or
a state actor as a defendant, and that he was working for a
private party under regulations promulgated by the state of New
Jersey Department of Corrections which specifically defined the
terms of a prisoner's work release program to preclude state
involvement during working hours.
Thus, no state action could be
shown; while Skinner might have a workers' comp claim against the
employer, or a tort claim against the state, neither claim could
be heard in federal court. S.K.
11th Circuit Rules Against Pregnant Nurse Who Refused to Care For
AIDS Patient
In Armstrong v. Flowers Hospital, Inc., 33 F.3d 1308, 65 FEP
Cases 1742 (Oct. 3), the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that
the hospital had not violated the Pregnancy Discrimination
Amendment (PDA) to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 by
terminating the employment of a pregnant nurse who refused an
assignment to care for an AIDS patient.
Pam Armstrong had been
working for Flowers Hospital for less than a year (and was just
about a year and a half out of nursing school) when she was
assigned an HIV+ patient with cryptococcal meningitis.
Armstrong
had recently become pregnant, and became alarmed that treating
this patient might prevent a risk to her fetus.
She did not
consult any expert medical authorities at the hospital, but based
her conclusion on her own rereading of some of her textbooks and
conversations with some other nurses.
She decided to refuse the
assignment and was terminated under a hospital rule requiring
termination of any nurse who refused a patient assignment.
Armstrong claimed her discharge violated the employer's duty not
to discriminate against pregnant employees.
The district court
granted summary judgment on her Title VII claims, and the court
of appeals affirmed, finding that her complaint did not state a
claim under either a disparate treatment or a disparate impact
theory.
While it was true that the Supreme Court had upheld an
employer's voluntary preferential treatment of pregnant employees
in the past, wrote District Judge Ann Conway (M.D. Fla., sitting
by designation) for the court, the PDA had never been construed
to require preferential treatment, and the hospital's policy was
applicable to all nurses, regardless of their pregnancy
conditions.
Armstrong pointed to specific hospital policies
exempting pregnant nurses from caring for patients with
hepatitis-B, or from working in radiology, but the court did not
find the existence of such policies dispositive, noting that
Armstrong had provided no evidence of any specific risk to the
fetus when universal precautions were used. * * * U.S. District
Judge Donetta Ambrose held in Doe v. Aliquippa Hospital
Association, No. 93-570 (W.D.Pa., Sept. 29), that a hospital was
not required under the Rehabilitation Act to provide an
accommodation to an operating room technician who had developed
an extreme fear of contracting AIDS.
The technician tested HIV+
after a needle-scratch during surgery, but subsequently tested
negative several times.
She developed an extreme fear that made
it difficult for her to function in the operating room, and
resigned when the hospital refused to grant a leave of absence.
The court rejected her argument that she suffered a physical or
mental impairment of the type covered by the Act.
See 3 BNA
Health Law Reporter 1445-46 (10/13/94). A.S.L.
HIV: Not An Automatic Pass Out of Prison
The NY Appellate Division, 1st Dept., turned down a petition by
Todd Branham for reduction of his sentence on the ground of HIV
infection.
People v. Branham, 1994 WL 578521 (Oct. 4).
Branham
was convicted by a jury of robbery in the second degree and, as a
persistent violent felony offender, received a term of 8 years to
life.
Noting that the sentence was the minimum authorized by
statute, the appeals court said that defendant's HIV status does
not render the sentence unconstitutional or excessive.
There was
no mention in the brief per curiam opinion of Branham's actual
medical condition; one suspects that he is relatively healthy
from the lack of such mention.
A.S.L.
Maryland Agrees to End Non-Consensual HIV Testing
The State of Maryland settled a lawsuit brought by a man who was
forced to undergo HIV testing by police officers based on rumors
that he was spreading AIDS to others.
Doe v. Burger (Washington
Times, Oct. 18).
The John Doe plaintiff was stopped by police
officers on his way to work on Aug. 3, 1992, handcuffed and
brought to the police station and forced to submit to HIV testing
"because his male companion was infected with HIV" and "County
health officials had told the sheriff's office that Mr. Doe had
infected his companion and other men."
As part of the
settlement, the defendant announced that Doe was not deliberately
spreading HIV, and that the state would not seek to test people
in the absence of probable cause to believe a crime was
committed.
A.S.L.
HIV Discrimination Litigation Notes
In an unpublished disposition, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
rejected the plaintiff's appeal in Dutson v. Farmers Insurance
Exchange, 1994 WL 497838 (Sept. 9), from a grant of summary
judgment on his HIV discrimination claim brought under Oregon's
Handicapped Persons Civil Rights Act.
Dutson is an HIV+
insurance agent, whose agency was terminated for a period of time
due to charges, later rescinded, that he had forged a signature
on some checks. [This is a much simplified statement of a very
complex fact pattern.]
The issue on appeal was whether Dutson
could even make a claim of employment discrimination under the
Act.
Dutson argued that independent contractors were covered
under the Act, but the court found that the Act's coverage was
restricted to employees, and that as an insurance agent, Dutson
was actually an independent contractor. [The court also rejected
Dutson's appeal on a variety of other claims not relevant to his
HIV status.]
A.S.L.
In Matter of Brooklyn Hospital Medical Center, NYLJ, 10/18/94, p.
23, col. 4, the New York Appellate Division, 2nd Dept., affirmed
an October 22, 1992 order and judgment of the Supreme Court,
Kings County, which had in turn affirmed a decision of the New
York City Commission on Human Rights of December 23, 1991.
The
appeal, brought pursuant to NYC Admin. Code sec. 8-123, stemmed
from a Commission decision awarding $25,000 in compensatory
damages to the mother of a man who died from AIDS at the
hospital.
The court decided that the evidence supported the
finding that "the hospital discriminated against the complainant
by unlawfully withholding the `accommodations, advantages . . .
or privileges' of its facility . . . from her because her son was
suffering from" AIDS, in violation of Admin. Code sec. 8-107[2]
(the city's human rights ordinance).
The court further concluded
that the damages awarded were supported by the evidence of the
mental anguish she had suffered as a result of the hospital's
discriminatory conduct "and is within the range of awards
approved by this and other courts.".
C.B.R.
Castle Dental Clinic in Houston agreed to pay $100,000 in damages
to Harrison J. Totten to settle a claim that Totten was denied
services after disclosing his HIV+ status.
The U.S. Justice
Department claims this is the first settlement of such a claim
against a dental clinic under the ADA.
Under the settlement
agreement in U.S. v. Castle approved by the U.S. District Court
for the Southern District of Texas, the clinic must establish a
non-discrimination policy and a training program for its staff,
but does not admit having violated the ADA.
See 3 BNA Health L.
Rep. 1343.
A.S.L.
EEOC continues in its unbroken chain of successes in putting an
end to AIDS-caps in employment-related insurance coverage through
settlement of complaints.
U.S. District Judge David Hittner
approved a consent order Oct. 11 in EEOC v. Tarrant Distributors,
No. H-94-3001 (S.D. Tex.), under which Tarrant will drop its
$10,000 lifetime cap on AIDS and HIV-related benefits; the
defendant had previously agreed to raise the cap as to Stephan
Mardock, an employee whose complaint started the case, and to
provide an immediate payment of $10,000 for Mardock's health care
needs.
As part of the settlement, the cap is lifted for all
claims after August 1994 and plan documents will be revised to
reflect this as of January 1, 1995.
In addition, Tarrant will
make good $40,000 in unpaid medical bills for Mardock, will
donate $20,000 to AMFAR, and will report on compliance for five
years to EEOC.
In his written order, Judge Hittner holds that
ERISA does not preempt ADA or Title VII claims regarding employee
benefits, finding that different or lesser benefits for AIDS
would violate ADA even if the employer instituted the change
prior to the effective date of ADA, because every subsequent
denial of benefits is a new violation of ADA.
See BNA Daily
Labor Report No. 196, 10/13/94, at A-1.
A.S.L.
AIDS Legislative Notes
Bad policy choices?
On September 30, California Governor Pete
Wilson vetoed two bills that were eagerly sought by the AIDS
advocacy community and signed a bill that the community opposed.
AB 2610, which would have legalized needle exchange programs, and
AB 1364, which would have legalized compassionate use of
marijuana for people with AIDS and other life-threatening
diseases and would have effected other regulatory changes, were
both vetoed.
Wilson signed AB 1239, which authorizes non-
consensual HIV testing of hospital patients at the request of
health care workers who believe they have been exposed to the
patient's blood.
In Pennsylvania, Governor Robert Casey on
September 29 signed a measure authorizing HIV testing of certain
convicted sex offenders at the request of their victims, who will
be given the test results.
The law also provides free HIV
testing and counselling for sex crime victims. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
The Department of Law at the University of Lancaster, England,
has announced the first conference in the United Kingdom on
lesbian and gay legal studies, to be held in September 1995.
Anybody interested in offering a paper for the conference should
send the title and an abstract (up to 200 words) to either Leslie
Moran or Sarah Beresford, Law Department, University of
Lancaster, Lancaster, LA1 4YN.
Those interested in being on the
mailing list for details about the conference should also write,
and will receive a preliminary program by the end of 1994.
Some students and recent law graduates have launched The National
Journal of Sexual Orientation Law, an on-line journal available
to those with Internet access.
To subscribe, individuals should
send the following message (replacing the bracketed phrases with
the appropriate information) to listserv@unc.edu: subscribe
gaylaw [FIRST NAME][LAST NAME]
Subscribers will receive bulletins with short summaries of the
articles available and information on how to retrieve them when
each new issue comes on-line.
The first issue, now available,
has several articles by legal academics, one by practitioners,
and a student case note.
Anyone who wants to get involved, or to
contribute briefs to a brief bank that will be maintained by the
Journal, should contact the editor-in-chief, Mary Sylla, at
mmsylla@gibbs.oit.unc.edu, or call 919-932-1365.
This year's theme for the City University of New York's Center
for Lesbian and Gay Studies competition for two Rockefeller
Residency Fellowships in the Humanities is "The History and
Practice of Lesbian and Gay Politics."
Fellowships carry an
award of $37,000.
Dissertation projects will not be accepted.
Applications are due February 15, 1995.
For information, contact
CLAGS at the CUNY Graduate Center, 33 West 42nd Street, Room
404N, New York NY 10036-8099.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Black, Kimberli R., Personality Screening in Employment, 32 Am.
Bus. L. Rev. 69 (1994).
Cohen, Daniel I. A., The Hate That Dare Not Speak Its Name:
Pornography Qua Semi-Political Speech, 13 L. & Philosophy 195
(May 1994).
Cunningham, Andrew J., The European Convention on Human Rights,
Customary International Law and the Constitution, 43 Int'l &
Comp. L. Q. 537 (July 1994).
Dyzenhaus, David, Pornography and Public Reason, 7 Canadian J. L.
& Juris. 261 (July 1994).
Gavigan, Shelley A.M., Paradise Lost, Paradox Revisited: The
Implications of Familial Ideology for Feminist, Lesbian, and Gay
Engagement to Law, 31 Osgoode Hall L.J. 589 (Fall 1993).
Jacobs, Andrew M., Rhetoric and the Creation of Rights: MacKinnon
and the Civil Right to Freedom From Pornography, 42 U. Kansas L.
Rev. 785 (Summer 1994).
Johnson, Jeffery L., Constitutional Privacy, 13 L. & Philosophy
161 (May 1994).
McEvoy, J.P., The Charter and Spousal Benefits: The Case of the
Same-Sex Spouse, 2 Rev. of Constitutional Studies 39 (1994)
(Canadian law journal).
Weisbrod, Carol, The Way We Live Now: A Discussion of Contracts
and Domestic Arrangements, 1994 Utah L. Rev. 777.
Student Notes & Comments:
Godfrey, Peter C., Defining the Social Group in Asylum
Proceedings: The Expansion of the Social Group to Include a
Broader Class of Refugees, 3 J. L. & Policy 257 (1994) (note
predates recent Justice Department pronouncements on recognizing
gays as a social group for asylum purposes).
Martin, Jorge, English Polygamy Law and the Danish Registered
Partnership Act: A Case for the Consistent Treatment of Foreign
Polygamous Marriages and Danish Same-Sex Marriages in England, 27
Cornell Int'l L. J. 419 (Spring 1994).
Mullender, Richard, Sado-Masochism, Criminal Law and Adjudicative
Method: R v. Brown in the House of Lords, 44 Northern Ireland
Legal Q. 380 (Winter 1993).
Parsons, Barry M., Bottoms v. Bottoms: Erasing the Presumption
Favoring a Natural Parent Over Third Parties -- What Makes This
Mother Unfit?, 2 George Mason Ind. L. Rev. 457 (Summer 1994).
Paton, Scott C., "The Government Made Me Do It": A Proposed
Approach to Entrapment Under Jacobson v. United States, 79
Cornell L. Rev. 995 (May 1994).
Specially Noted:
Lawyer/film producer Abby Ginzberg has made a video titled
"Inside/Out: A Portrait of Lesbian & Gay Lawyers."
LeGaL is one
of the co-sponsoring organizations for the video, which is also
sponsored by the National Education Foundation for Individual
Rights, the National Association for Law Placement, and the ABA's
Individual Rights and Responsibilities Section, and many other
law firms, groups, and individuals.
Several LeGaL members are
among those interviewed for the video, which has a running time
of approximately 35 minutes.
It is intended for use in diversity
training on issues of homophobia in the legal workplace, and
includes simulations as well as interviews, edited into a
coherent package.
Interview segments are woven together, and
interspersed with simulations, in a way that skillfully provides
a tight focus and avoids the boredom that would be inherent in an
undifferentiated talking heads format.
A Discussion Guide with
full bibliographic references accompanies the video.
Copies are
available for $150 from Ginzberg Video Productions, 1136 Evelyn
Ave., Albany, CA 94706.
The May 1994 issue of the Southern California Law Review (Vol.
67, No. 4), is devoted to the text and introductory comments
concerning the Final Report of the Ninth Circuit Gender Bias Task
Force.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bastow, Karen, Women, AIDS, and Family Benefits: A Case Study, 7
Canadian J. Women & Law 173 (1994).
Crowley, Leo T., AIDS-Phobia Claims and the Disabilities Act, New
York Law Journal, Oct. 20, 1994, p.3.
Schmall, Lorraine, Toward Full Participation and Protection of
the Worker With Illness: The Failure of Federal Health Law After
McGann v. H & H Music Co., 29 Wake Forest L. Rev. 781 (1994).
Student Notes & Comments:
Caster, Kevin, The Future of Self-Funded Health Plans, 79 Iowa
L. Rev. 413 (Jan. 1994).
Storer, Ted, The Americans With Disabilities Act: Will the
Insurance Field Change?, 20 Ohio Northern U. L. Rev. 1031 (1994).
Editor's Note:
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the
Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All
comments in Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is
welcome and will be published subject to editing. 