http://www.yourlawyer.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Our Attorneys & Staff
New York Attorneys
Brooklyn Attorneys
Long Island Attorneys
Florida Attorneys
New Jersey Attorneys
Queens Attorneys
Why Trust Us?
Our Firm Brochure
Video Vault
FAQS
Breaking News
Recently In The News
Press Releases
Resources
Statutes of Limitations
PW Brochure
Online Resources
Video Vault
Request Call Back
Home
Our Results
Client Reviews
Verdicts & Settlements
Practice Areas
Accident Attorneys
Bicycle, Scooter, and Electric Bike Accidents
Car Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Pain and Suffering Lawyer
Pedestrian Accidents
Truck Accidents
Complex Litigation
Business Litigations
Class Actions
Consumer Fraud
Defective Drugs
Defective Medical Devices
Overtime Law/Wages
Whistleblowers
Intentional Acts
Bullying / Cyber Bullying
Mandalay Bay Massacre
Workplace Violence
Medical Malpractice
Cerebral Palsy Malpractice Injury Lawsuits
Stevens Johnson Syndrome (SJS) Disease Injury Lawyers
Negligence
Birth Injury
Burn Injury
Traumatic Brain Injury
Wrongful Death
Nursing Home Abuse
Police Misconduct & Brutality Lawyers
Premises Liability
Balcony Railing Failure
Construction Accidents
Crowd Management
Hotel Security
Labor Law
Slip And Fall
Product Liability
Sex Abuse
Boy Scouts Sex Abuse
Child Victims Act
Clergy Sexual Abuse Lawyers | Priest Abuse Attorneys
New York Child Sexual Abuse
Reginald Archibald Sexual Abuse
Sex Abuse Civil Statute of Limitations
Toxic Torts
Fracking Lawsuits
Workers’ Comp & COVID-19 Attorneys
Zadroga Act Lawyers
911 Claims
911 Cancer Claims
World Trade Center Health Program
WTC Health Program Covered Conditions
WTC VCF
Defective Drugs
Elmiron
Nexium
NSAID Attorneys
Prevacid
Prilosec
Proton Pump Inhibitors
Protonix
Tasigna Lawyers
Truvada Lawsuit
Vaccine Injury Lawyers
Uloric
Xeljanz
Zantac
All Defective Drugs
Defective Medical Devices
Ethicon Physio Hernia Mesh
Hernia Mesh
Hip Replacement
St. Jude Defibrillator
Surgical Staplers
All Defective Devices
Defective Products
3M Combat Arms Earplugs
Breast Implant Lymphoma
Dicamba Drift Crop Damage
Juul & E-Cigarettes
Lithium-Ion Batteries
Talcum Powder
Contact
CHAT WITH REPRESENTATIVE
CALL NOW! 1-800-968-7529
FREE CASE CONSULTATION
Home
About Us
Our Attorneys & Staff
PW Brochure
Online Resources
Video Vault
Locations
New York Lawyers
Long Island Lawyers
New Jersey Lawyers
Florida Lawyers
FAQ
News
Reviews
Results
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 2, 2015
To review material modifications and related effective dates, please scroll to the bottom of this page.
Parker Waichman LLP (“Parker Waichman”) owns and operates this yourlawyer.com website business. All references to “we,” “us,” this “website,” or this “site” shall be interpreted to mean Parker Waichman.
ANALYTICS
We reserve the right to participate with third-party analytics partners to monitor and analyze Web traffic. This may be used to keep track of user behavior on this site.
Google Analytics (Google): – Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”), which utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this site, prepare reports on its activities, and share that information with other Google services. Information collected includes cookie and “Usage Data.” Visit the Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/?fg=1. You may opt out of the Google Analytics service with the Google’s Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/Clicky Web Analytics (“Clicky”). Clicky Web Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Roxr Software, Ltd. Clicky utilizes collected data to track and examine the use of this site, prepare reports on its activities, and share information with other Clicky services. Information collected includes cookie and “Usage Data.” Visit the Privacy Policy at http://clicky.com/terms.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE POLICY
We are committed to preserving online privacy for all of our website visitors, including children. This site is a general audience site and is consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not knowingly collect information from, or sell to, children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child who is under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information without your permission or consent, we will remove that information from our active list at your request. To request the removal of your child’s information, please contact our site, as provided, here, under “Contact Us.” Be sure to include the same login information that your child submitted in your message to us.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this “Privacy Policy,” please contact the owner and operator of this website business at:
Parker Waichman LLP
6 Harbor Park Drive
Port Washington, NY 11050
info@yourlawyer.com
516-466-6500
DATA SECURITY
We will implement reasonable and appropriate security procedures consistent with prevailing industry standards so that data is protected from unauthorized access by physical and electronic intrusion. No data transmission over the Internet and no method of data storage may be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, we are unable to ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to us or archive at this site; therefore, while we strive to protect your “Personal Information” by following generally accepted industry standards.
DO NOT TRACK REQUESTS
Some Web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature signaling to Websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Each browser communicates “Do Not Track” signals to Websites differently, which makes it impossible to honor every request accurately. To alleviate communication errors between browsers and Website, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals at this time. As technology and communication between browser and Websites improves, we will reevaluate the ability to honor “Do Not Track” signals and may make changes to our policy. Should we so, that information will appear here as an amendment to our “Privacy Policy.”
HOW AND WHEN WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We collect “Personal Information” when you provide it to us through sign-up forms; as part of your account, service, or program registration from this website; and we collect “Personal Information” received from you as you communicate with us. If you complete a signup form subscribing to information from our site or if you participate in our mailing list activities, we will receive your “Personal Information” from our email services and/or auto-responder service.
The “Personal Information” we collect may vary with the each sign-up or registration. We also collect “Personal Information” from each communication with site visitors, including and without limitation to, text messages; fax transmissions; telephone calls; and traditionally sent, or so-called “snail mail.” Information is received from third-party outside sources, including database vendors, as well.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use your “Personal Information” for the performance of the services or transaction for which it was given. We may also use your “Personal Information” in connection with other services we offer; in our private, internal reporting for this site; and in security assessments conducted for this site.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Disclosures of Personal Information In Our Discretion: If we believe, in our sole discretion, that it is reasonable to disclose your “Personal Information” and any information regarding your use of this site and/or any service or program offered through this site, we reserve the unqualified right to do so. This includes any information concerning other websites accessible through this site.
General Disclosure Policy: We reserve the right to disclose your “Personal Information” as described herein and we reserve the right to disclose “Usage Data,” also described herein, without restriction.
Legal Process, Enforcement, and Security Notice: We reserve the right to disclose your “Personal Information” and “Usage Data” should we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, including compliance with a subpoena or court order); (ii) detect, prevent, and address fraud or other illegal activity; and (iii) investigate, respond to, or enforce violations of our rights or the security of this site.
Service Providers: We reserve the right to provide access to your “Personal Information” and “Usage Data” from our site to our trusted service providers that assist us with this site’s operation and maintenance. For example, we may contract with third parties to process payments; host our servers; provide security; and provide production, fulfillment, optimization, analytics, and reporting services. Service providers will be provided access to your information only as is reasonably necessary to provide the services for which they are contracted with us.
Successors:
If we sell, or otherwise transfer, part or all of our business or assets to another organization, for instance, during an acquisition, merger, bankruptcy, or liquidation, we may transfer your “Personal Information” and “Usage Data.” In the event this occurs, we will require the buyer or transferee to agree to the commitments provided in this “Privacy Policy.”
When We Participate In a Joint Venture With Marketing Partners: We may participate with other firms or individuals in the joint promotion of our, or their products, services, promotions, or contests. We reserve the right to disclose your “Personal Information” to such firms for the purpose of (i) compensation, transaction processing, fulfillment, and support, and (ii) offering you other products, services, promotions, and contests. Such joint venture marketing partners may also contact you regarding other products, services, promotions, or contests.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information: This includes information that concerns a natural person and which may be used to directly identify such person. Any personal Information we collect may vary with the separate purposes with which you provide for that information, and may include one or more of the following categories: Name; physical address; email address; telephone number; credit card information, including credit card number, expiration date, and billing address; and location data.
Usage Data:
We reserve the right to collect anonymous information based on your usage of this site. This relates to information that is either collected automatically from this site or from third-party services employed in this site. Information may include: IP (Internet Protocol) addresses or domain names of computers utilized by the users of this site; URL (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses; request time; methods used to submit requests to the server; file size received in response to these requests; the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer-such as successful outcome, error, etc.-; country of origin; browser and operating system features utilized by the user; various time details per visit, for example, the time spent on each page within the site; details concerning the path followed within the site, with special reference to the sequence of pages visited; and other parameters concerning the device operating system and/or the user’s IT (Internet Technology) environment.
“Usage Data” is, essentially, anonymous when collected; however, the data may be used indirectly to identify a person. Regarding “Usage Data,” we reserve the right to monitor your use of this site. For example, as you navigate through this site, “Usage Data” may be passively collected, which means that it is collected without your actively providing us with such information. We collect this information using various analytics and reporting technologies, such as cookies and web beacons (“cookies” and “web beacons” are explained further in this document).
We reserve the right to make full use of “Usage Data.” For instance, we may use “Usage Data” to provide better service to site visitors, to customize this site based on your preferences, to compile and analyze statistics and trends concerning use of this site; and to otherwise administer and improve this site for your use. Specific uses are described herein.
LINKS TO JOINT VENTURE MARKETING PARTNER SITES
This site may contain links to other websites operated by our joint venture marketing partners. If you access any links to their websites or accept any of their promotional offers, your click-through information and any information provide in the process of registration or purchase will be transferred to these sites. We maintain no responsibility or liability for the policies and practices of these sites. We recommend you exercise caution and review any privacy policies posted on these sites prior to providing information to them.
MODIFICATION OF THIS “PRIVACY POLICY”
We reserve the right to modify this “Privacy Policy” at any time, and without prior notice, by posting an amended “Privacy Policy” that may be accessed by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link located on this site’s homepage. Your continued use of this site indicates your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy.
Regarding personal information (defined under “Personal Information”), should any modifications be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of “Personal Information” previously disclosed by you, we will obtain your consent prior to implementing such revisions concerning such information.
ONWARD TRANSFER OUTSIDE YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE
Any “Personal Information” we may collect on this site will be stored and processed in our servers located only in the United States. By using this site, if you reside outside the United States, you are consenting to the transfer of “Personal Information” outside your country of residence to the United States.
REMARKETING AND BEHAVIORAL TARGETING
We reserve the right to participate with third-party advertising partners in re-marketing and behavioral targeting programs. Such services enable us and our partners to display ads likely to be more relevant, such as behavioral or targeted ads based on information about your browsing history. This activity is performed by tracking “Usage Data” and by using cookies to transfer information to those partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies and other tracking devices to track your activities on this site for the purposes of measuring advertisement effectiveness, and other reasons that will be provided in their privacy policies. Tracking may include, but is not limited to: First-party, third-party, and anonymous cookies; persistent identifiers; email opt in; and search engine keywords. We have no access or control over these cookies and other tracking devices that may be used by third-party advertisers and no responsibility or liability for the policies and practices of these sites.
Remarketing Through Google Analytics for Display Advertising (Google): We reserve the right to participate in any and all of the following Google Analytics Advertising Features provided by Google Inc.: emarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features use first-party cookies-for instance, the Google Analytics cookie-to connect the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its cookies with the Adwords advertising network and the third-party DoubleClick cookie. Information collected includes: Cookie and “Usage Data,” including audience data such as age, gender, and interests. For the opt-out, visit https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en. You may opt out of the Google Analytics service with the Google’s Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
For general information about Google’s remarketing ad campaigns, and for specific information concerning DoubleClick cookies and how to control and manage Google’s advertising cookies for these campaigns, visit http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
For other Google resources for opting out of Google’s use of cookies, visit http://www.google.com/settings/ads.
For information about how Google uses data when you use Google’s partners’ sites or apps, visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Custom Audience (Facebook):
We reserve the right to participate in Facebook.com’s Custom Audience, which enables us to display to persons on our email lists targeted and personalized ads when they visit Facebook.com. Ads are based on your shopping experience at our website. No personal information, including your shopping history, is shared with Facebook. The Custom Audience allows us to convert your email address to a unique number that Facebook uses to match to unique numbers that it generates from its users’ email addresses. You may opt out of participation in our Facebook Custom Audience by sending an email, from the email address you are opting out of, to the email address provided in our contact information here. For your opt out to be effective, you must: (i) place the following text in the subject line of the email: “Opting Out of Facebook.com Website Custom Audience Ads”; (ii) in the body of the email, include your name and email address. We will forward your name and email address to Facebook.com with a request to delete you from all of our Facebook Custom Audience Ads.
Other Remarketing Services:
We reserve the right to participate in additional remarketing services that are similar to the remarketing services described in this document. Such services allow us and our partners to display ads likely to be more relevant, including behavioral or targeted ads based on information concerning your browsing history. Should you require information regarding these services, including and without limitation, how to opt out of such services, please contact our site as indicated in the “Contact Us” section.
SOCIAL MEDIA INTERACTIONS
We invite you to socialize and share your participation with this site. If you choose to use social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Instagram, you are allowing interaction with these platforms, or other external platforms, directly from this site. In the process, you may also be sharing certain profile elements, such as your comments. This sharing is subject to each social media program’s privacy policies.
SPECIFIC INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
To provide better service for our site, we may use cookies and web beacons to collect “Usage Data” for the purposes of storing your preferences and information about the pages you visit and your past activity on our site. We may also employ web beacons from third parties to assist us in compiling aggregated statistics on the efficacy of our promotional campaigns or other of our site operations.
Cookies: Are tiny pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer’s hard drive and which customize content based on your browser. While browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you may disable cookies using a relatively simple process offered by most browsers. Of note, cookies may be required to enable use of certain features on our site.
Flash Cookies: Third-party cookies utilizing an Adobe Flash Media Player Local Shared Object (LSO) may be used with other third-party cookies. Adobe Flash Media Player is software that enables users to view content on their computers. Should you delete the browser cookie, the flash cookie may automatically create-or re-spawn-a replacement for the browser cookie.
Web Beacons: These are sometimes referred to as single-pixel GIFs or clear GIFs, and are used to assist in cookie delivery. Web beacons allow us to count users who have visited pages on our site. We may include web beacons in promotional email messages or other communications to determine if messages have been opened and acted upon.
UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request, we will permit you to request or make changes or updates to your “Personal Information” for legitimate purposes and request identification prior to approving such requests. We reserve the right to decline any requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, which require unreasonable time or effort on the part of our technical and administrative personnel, or which undermine the privacy rights of others. In such cases, instructions for making such changes or updates will be provided, where necessary.
Material Modifications Since July 2, 2015: None.
Notice:
This document is Copyright © Jerrold Parker of the law firm of Parker Waichman LLP, and licensed for use by the owner of this website under distribution rights granted to Parker Waichman LLP. All rights reserved worldwide. No part of this document may be copied, reprinted, reproduced, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the copyright owner.
Contact Form
FREE CASE EVALUATION
Fill out this form for FREE,Immediate, Case Evaluation
Ngage
Why Have So Many Contacted Us?
I would like to take this opportunity to thank you and all the lawyers involved at your firm who worked diligently and tirelessly to bring about the positive result in my case. I will continue to keep your firm uppermost in mind as the need arises for legal counsel for me, members of my...
~ Elizabeth D. Parker Waichman was there for my family when one of our family members was desperately in need of assistance. We will be forever grateful to all for the help they provided.
~ Ivy F. Everyone I have dealt with at your firm has been very professional and courteous. My phone calls were always returned quickly and all of my questions were answered in a thorough manner. Mr. Zekowski is always on top of his game. He is very knowledgeable about the law and extremely professional.
~ Syndee K.
VIEW MORE REVIEWS
LEAVE A REVIEW
How Can We Help You?
Fill out the form below to receive a free confidential consultation.
New York
Parker Waichman LLP
59 Maiden Lane, 6th Floor
New York,
NY
10038
(212) 267-6700
$10,000+
Brooklyn
Parker Waichman LLP
300 Cadman Plaza West
One Pierrepont Plaza, 12th Floor
Brooklyn, NY 11201
(718) 469-6900
$10,000+
Queens
Parker Waichman LLP
118-35 Queens Boulevard, Suite 400
Forest Hills, NY 11375
(718) 469-6900
$10,000+
Long Island
Parker Waichman LLP
6 Harbor Park Drive
Port Washington, NY 11050
(516) 466-6500
$10,000+
New Jersey
Parker Waichman LLP
80 Main Street, Suite 265
West Orange, NJ 07052
(973) 323-3603
$10,000+
Florida
Parker Waichman LLP
27299 Riverview Center Boulevard, Suite 108
Bonita Springs, FL 34134
(239) 390-1000
Virgin Island Attorneys
FL Auto Accident Attorney
$10,000+
Call Now Button
HomeAbout Us
Our Attorneys & StaffParker Waichman All BiosWhy Trust Us? Back
Locations
Bronx Personal Injury AttorneysBrookly AttorneysFlorida AttorneysLong Island AttorneysNew Jersey AttorneysNew York AttorneysQueens Attorneys Back
Our Results
Client ReviewsVerdicts & Settlements Back
Practice Areas
Accidents
Bicycle, Scooter, and Electric Bike AccidentCar Accident LawyersMotorcycle Accident LawyersPain and Suffering LawyerPedestrian Accident AttorneysTruck Accident Lawyers Back
CoronavirusComplex Litigation
Business LitigationsClass ActionsConsumer FraudDefective DrugsDefective Medical DevicesFracking LawsuitsMore Complex Litigation LawsuitsOvertime Law/WagesToxic TortsWhistleblowers Back
Intentional Acts
Bullying / Cyber BullyingMandalay Bay MassacreWorkplace Violence Back
Medical Malpractice
Cerebral Palsy Malpractice Injury LawsuitsStevens Johnson Syndrome (SJS) Disease Injury Back
Police Misconduct & Brutality LawyersProduct LiabilitySex Abuse
Boy Scouts Sexual Abuse LawyersClergy Abuse LawyersDr Reginald Archibald Sex AbuseSex Abuse Civil Statute of LimitationsState Child Victims Act (New York) Back
Negligence
Birth Injury Lawsuit LawyersFire and Burn Injury LawyersTraumatic Brain Injury LawyersWrongful Death Lawyers Back
Nursing Home AbusePremises Liability
Balcony Railing FailureConstruction Accident LawyersCrowd ManagementHotel SecurityLabor Law Injury LawyersSlip and Fall Injury Attorneys Back
Workers’ Comp & COVID-19 AttorneysZadroga 911 Lawyers
911 ClaimsWorld Trade Center Health ProgramWorld Trade Center Health ProgramWTC Health Program Covered ConditionsWTC VCF Back
Back
Defective Drugs
ElmironNexiumNSAID AttorneysPrevacidPrilosecProtonixProton Pump Inhibitors (PPI)Tasigna LawyersTruvada LawsuitUloricVaccine Injury LawyersXeljanzZantac Back
Defective Medical Devices
Bair Hugger BlanketsDePuy Pinnacle HipEthicon Physio Hernia MeshHernia MeshHip ReplacementSt. Jude DefibrillatorSurgical Staples Back
Defective Products
3M Earplugs Hearing LossBreast Implant LymphomaHip Replacement LawsuitsJuul & E-CigarettesLithium-Ion BatteriesTalcum Powder Back
Resources
Online ResourcesPW BrochureStatutes Of LimitationVideo Vault Back
FAQsBreaking NewsContact Us
× Close Panel