http://www.joyfulnoiseletter.com/privacypolicy.asp
Home•
Acclamations•
Humor, Jokes & Cartoons•
JN: A Holy Humor History•
Prints, Cards, Church Bulletins•
Books•
Holy Humor Sunday•
Good Noise Blog•
Online Store•
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This policy covers how we use your
personal information. We take your privacy SERIOUSLY and will take all
measures to protect your personal information.
What Information Do We Collect?
We only collect information that
we need that is related to your order. This includes your:
Billing Address
Shipping Address
Email Address
Credit Card Information
In addition we also collect
information on your IP address, browser type, and Refer URL data. We use
this data to prevent hacking attempts, help us know what web browsers
people are using, and find out where our visitors are coming from so
that we can improve our marketing.
How Is My Information Used?
Your information is only used to
fill your order. We do not sell or redistribute your information to
ANYONE.
We may, periodically, contact you to provide information about ordering products or subscriptions. If you would like to be removed from the mailing list, please email us at support@joyfulnoiseletter.com.
Security and Storage
Only your order data billing,
shipping, and order contents data is stored on our server. This
information is encrypted using a Secure Sockets Layer before it is
transmitted over a web server. We do not store your Credit Card data.
Cookies and Browser Information
Cookies are small files that
reside on your computer and allow us to recognize you on your next visit
or store your shopping cart contents. We use them only to track this
information.
Shopping Cart
Cart is empty
You
can subscribe to the printed or electronic version of JN by:
using our secure online store.
1 Year Subscription or Renewal — $29.00
1 Year Gift Subscription — $29.00
filling
out the Printable Order
Form and mailing it, along with your check
for $29, to The Joyful Noiseletter,
PO Box 895, Portage, MI 49081-0895 (foreign printed subscribers add $10).
calling
TOLL-FREE, 1-800-877-2757, and using VISA, MasterCard, Discover,
or American Express.