http://www.splendatruth.com/privacy-policy
Health
Sweet Successes
Sweet Swaps
Diabetes Management
Weight Management
Health
Achieve Your Health Goals Without Compromise
Switching from caloric sweeteners, like sugar or honey, to Splenda Brand Sweeteners can help you to:
Lose weight1,2
Manage diabetes2
Reduce added sugars
Make healthier lifestyle choices
VIEW ALL PRODUCTS
Click to Play Video
#1 Recommended
We’re proud Splenda is the brand of sweetener RECOMMENDED MOST by healthcare professionals.*
Healthcare professionals look for products and brands they trust, that are safe, that promote a healthy lifestyle, and are affordable for their patients. Since 1991, Splenda – the best tasting, zero-calorie sweetener – has been helping people achieve their health goals.
The community of healthcare professionals who trust and recommend Splenda Brand Sweeteners includes:
• Registered Dietitian Nutritionists • Certified Diabetes Care and Education Specialists • Primary Care Providers • Physician Assistants • Dental Hygienists • Nurse Practitioners  • Registered Nurses • Primary Care Providers • General Practitioners • Licensed Practical Nurses
Diabetes Management
Understanding carbohydrate intake, including added sugars, is key to managing your diabetes. Use Splenda Sweeteners to reduce added sugars and excess carbohydrates in your favorite foods and beverages.
Learn More
Weight Management
People who lose weight gradually (1-2lbs per week) are more successful at keeping it off3,4 – learn how smart swaps with great-tasting Splenda Sweeteners can help!
Learn More
Sweet Swaps
Learn how to replace added sugars (and decrease empty calories) in some of your favorite foods and beverages.
Learn More
How has Splenda helped you achieve your health goals?
Share Your Story
1. When used in place of sugar; Rogers PJ, Hogenkamp PS, de Graaf C., et. Al. (2016) Does low-energy sweetener consumption affect energy intake and body weight? A systematic review, including meta-analyses of the evidence from human and animal studies, Int J of Obes 40(3), 381-394.  2. Johnson C, Stevens B, Foreyl J et al. (2013) The Role of Low-Calorie Sweeteners in Diabetes. Eur Endocrinology 9(2); 96-98. 3. CDC, Healthy Weight. Retrieved from: https://www.cdc.gov/healthyweight/losing_weight/index.html. 4. CDC, Physical Activity. Retrieved from: https://www.cdc.gov/physicalactivity/basics/adults/index.htm *Among healthcare professionals clinically treating patients* Represents the sweeetener brand recommended most by healthcare professionals.
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best experience possible. Read our Cookie Policy. If you consent to the use of cookies on this website, please click accept.ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept