https://www.warren-kallianos.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home / Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to information collected online from users of this website. In this policy, you can learn what kind of information we collect, when and how we might use that information, how we protect the information, and the choices you have with respect to your personal information.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE AND HOW IS IT USED?
We collect information about our users in three ways: directly from the user, from our Web server logs and through cookies. We use the information primarily to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. We don’t share any of the information you provide with others, unless we say so in this Privacy Policy, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
User-supplied information: If you fill out the contact form on this website, we will ask you to provide some personal information (such as e-mail address, name, phone number and state). We only require that you provide an e-mail address on the contact form. Further, if chat is available through this site, you may be asked to provide information if you participate in an online chat. Please do not submit any confidential, proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information (e.g. Social Security Number; date of birth; drivers license number; or credit card, bank account or other financial information) (collectively, “Sensitive Information”). If you submit any Sensitive Information, you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable to you or responsible for consequences of your submission.
Information that you provide to us through the contact form or an online chat will be used so that we may respond to your inquiry. We may also use information you provide to us to communicate with you in the future. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may opt out (unsubscribe) as described below.
Web server logs: When you visit our website, we may track information about your visit and store that information in web server logs, which are records of the activities on our sites. The servers automatically capture and save the information electronically. Examples of the information we may collect include:
Your unique Internet protocol address;
The name of your unique Internet service provider;
The town/city, county/state and country from which you access our website;
The kind of browser or computer you use;
The number of links you click within the site;
The date and time of your visit;
The web page from which you arrived to our site;
The pages you viewed on the site; and
Certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website(s).
The information we collect in web server logs helps us administer the site, analyze its usage, protect the website and its content from inappropriate use and improve the user’s experience.
Cookies: In order to offer and provide a customized and personal service, our websites and applications may use cookies to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won’t have to re-enter them each time you visit.
The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer, you can set your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that some features of many sites may not function properly if you don’t accept cookies.
HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTED?
We take certain appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION?
We will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other user data to others, and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties, except as follows:
To agents, website vendors and/or contractors who may use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with us;
If we are unable to assist with your matter, but know an unaffiliated attorney or firm that may be able to help you, we may refer you and share information you provided us with that party; and
As required by law, in a matter of public safety or policy, as needed in connection with the transfer of our business assets (for example, if we are acquired by another firm or if we are liquidated during bankruptcy proceedings), or if we believe in good faith that sharing the data is necessary to protect our rights or property.
HOW CAN I CORRECT, AMEND OR DELETE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR OPT OUT OF FUTURE COMMUNICATIONS?
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing address on our website at any time to:
See what data we have about you, if any;
Change/correct any data we have about you;
Ask us to delete any data we have about you; and/or
Opt out of future communications from us.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing address listed on this website. If our information practices change in a significant way, we will post the policy changes here.
Effective March 1, 2012
Areas of FocusPersonal Injury
Catastrophic Injuries
Car Accidents
Trucking Accidents
Workers’ Compensation
Construction Accidents
Product Liability
Sexual Assault
Medical Malpractice
Pedestrian Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Premises Liability
Nursing Home Neglect
Our Case Results
$4.5 million
Trucking Accident, Wrongful Death - Settlement for a client whose wife and unborn child died when their vehicle was hit head on by a dump truck that negligently crossed the centerline of the roadway.
$4 million
Settlement for client who sustained catastrophic burn injuries due to an arc flash explosion while working on an energized electrical panel at the defendant’s manufacturing facility in Charlotte, NC. Settlement also included waiver of the worker’s compensation lien on the settlement funds and continuation of benefits.
$2.5 Million
Settlement for client who sustained severe injuries, including a head injury and multiple orthopedic injuries, after being struck in a crosswalk by a drunk driver.
$3 Million
Settlement for client who sustained a gunshot injury to her spine in a robbery outside a business establishment in Charlotte. The business was sued for failing to provide adequate security for its customers.
Free Consultation
Name*Email*
Phone*Message / Comments
Testimonials
Not sure how we would have managed without this Law Firm
"Not sure how we would have managed without this Law Firm. They have been extremely compassionate about my husbands injury causing disability – which has been a life changing event for our family. They are always available to talk with us no matter when we call. They have kept us up to date regarding the case, which has kept us from worrying. I would recommend this Law Firm to anyone who needs legal help."
Client
I would highly recommend Mr. Kallianos and his staff
"Chris Kallianos has been such a blessing to our family during this trying time! He has done an excellent job in making sure we are informed of what is going on with our case. I would highly recommend Mr. Kallianos and his staff if you have a personal injury you are dealing with. We truly appreciate all of your hard work! Best lawyer around!"
Client
He’s honest and dedicated to his clients
"Chris Kallianos was my lawyer for over a year after a bad car accident. He’s honest and dedicated to his clients, and I would recommend him to anyone that needs a lawyer in the future."
Client
I recommend them to everyone.
"Great people to help me with my case, Great Lawyer and Paralegals. they always answered the phone, always had a response for my question. I recommend them to everyone. they also have someone that speaks Spanish (for my parents) I am thankful for everything and time that they give me. thank you so much, God bless."
Client
Committed Personal Injury Attorneys
"Having worked with both Chris and Jeff, as well as their office staff, I can say with confidence that they are the most sincere, committed personal injury attorneys I have ever met. They are passionate about making sure their clients get a fair settlement, and are sympathetic to the disruption and even trauma that the whole process can create. It helps that they are a small team, and everyone knows the clients and their situations."
Client
I would definitely recommend them to any and every one!
"We were referred to Jeff Warren from another attorney and had a great experience with my son’s medical injury case/settlement, I have always been hesitant about personal injury lawsuit’s and attorneys but Jeff and his practice made the whole process easy and stress free from the beginning to the end. I would definitely recommend them to any and every one!!! We are very grateful to Jeff and his staff for all their patience and knowledge."
Client
Read More
The verdicts and settlements set forth above were obtained by our law firm from 1992 to the present. In most cases, liability and/or damages were contested, the adverse parties were represented by counsel, and the matters involved complex factual and/or legal issues. All verdicts obtained were collected. These cases are illustrative of the matters handled by our firm, and not all case results are provided. The case results depend on a variety of factors unique to each case. Please note that prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.