http://www.innercitypress.org/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Inner City Press / Community on the Move and the Inner City
Public Interest Law Center (together, “ICP”) respect your privacy.
We also believe that electronic privacy policies are particularly important
for the ongoing success of the Internet as a medium for the transmission
of information that may lead to greater corporate and governmental
accountability.
Each time a visitor comes to an ICP Web site, information is
collected by the server to improve the overall quality of the site. We use
this information to help us stay abreast of technical upgrades that can make
our site more accessible to visitors, and to record the date and time of
your visit to our site. Specifically, we record:
•The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example,
aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or fdic.gov,
if you are connecting from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’s
domain). •The Internet address of the Web site from which you linked
directly to our site, if any (for example, www.ffiec.gov, if you are following
a link from the Federal Financial Institution Examination Council’s
Web site, or www.yahoo.com, if you find us using the Yahoo search engine).
•The type of web browsing software you are using to view our site.
•The date and time you access our site.
E-mail: Any/all e-mail addresses sent to us will not be used
or collected for the purposes of reselling to a third party and will not
be added to a bulk e-mailing list. You may change the status of whether you
wish to receive ICP electronic communications at any time.
With any questions,
contact us.
Inner City Reporter
Community Reinvestment
Inner City Public Interest Law
Center Environmental Justice
Insurance
Redlining In the Bronx
FCC/Telecommunications About
Inner City Press
Inner City
Arts&Culture For the Media
Inner City
Housing ICP's Freedom of Information Guide
Links/Resources Frequently
Asked Questions
How to Contact
Us What's New on Site Archives
What's New on
Site Inner City Press' Community Reinvestment
Reporter The Inner City Reporter's Federal Reserve
Beat Global
Inner Cities
Search This Site
Privacy
Policy
Site Map
Inner City Press Home
Page
Copyright 1999, Inner City Press/Community on the Move, Inc..
All rights reserved.   For further information, or
to request reprint or other permission, contact: Permissions Coordinator,
Legal Administration, Inner City Press, P.O. Box 580188, Mount Carmel Station,
Bronx, NY 10458.  Phone: (718) 716-3540.  Fax: (718) 716-3161.
E-mail:
innercity1@aol.com.