http://www.odonoghue.co.uk/page/terms-and-conditions.html
Cookie
We would like to use cookies to store information on your computer, to improve our website. One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our privacy notice.
I accept cookies from this site
Privacy notice
The O'Donoghue Society
For all those interested in history and genealogy and whose names are derived from the Gaelic
×
Registration
Title
--------
Mr
Mrs
Miss
Ms
Rev
Sr
Forename *
Surname *
Road/Street
State/County
Country
--------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
England
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Ireland
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.s.
Wales
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Village/Town/City
House name/Number
ZIP code/Postcode
Phone
Mobile phone
Fax
Email *
Website
Subscribe to newsletter
Username *
New password *
Repeat password *
Member
Guest
Guest and Folklore Enthusiast
Submit
CloseRegister
×
Guests/Members area
Username *
Password *
Submit
Password recoveryCloseLogin
×
Password recovery
Email *
CloseSend
LoginRegister
The SocietyGoals, culture & approachPatronFounderCouncilSuccess StoriesEventsJournalContents and Published journalsSearch JournalsList of regular contributorsWould you like to contribute?Y-DNA ProjectDNA ReportsDNA ResultsDNA InterpretationsOther DNA web sitesContact for DNASociety Projects
BooksBlogFamily History ResearchResearch ServiceProject input pageUseful genealogical linksName VariantsPhysical CharacteristicsResearch Interests RegisterFamily TreesContact RegisterResourcesHistory of the NameHistorical OriginsHeraldryHistorical sites & artifactsSoundsPlaces of the NameWho’s WhoBusinesses of the NameConnections & communityMeet an O’DonoghueBusiness interestsForums
Latest News
Read All News
Researcher's Tips
Informants in statutory records may be wrong
Informants in statutory records may be wrong.
Parents and spouses are likely to be the informants for marriages and births, but not necessarily for deaths, so be prepared to query any record
Terms And Conditions
Home » Terms And Conditions
Terms And Conditions
Please read this carefully. By accessing The O'Donoghue Society web site ("the Site") you are agreeing to the terms that appear below. If you have any questions, please contact rod@odonoghue.co.uk
These Terms were last updated on 28th April 2018.
Introduction
This Site is owned and operated by The O'Donoghue Society. As a user, you will be able to access material on certain areas of the Site without going through a registration process. There is no specific time limit applying to your access and use of the Site on these terms. However, The O'Donoghue Society reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access and use of the Site at any time. It may exercise this right with or without notice. If applicable, notice will be given to your e-mail address as notified to The O'Donoghue Society. In that event, notice will be deemed to be served three hours after transmission or posting.
Should you choose to register as a guest you will be able to access certain areas of the site and receive communications from the Society.  However to access all features offered by the Society you have to subscribe as a member.
Use of Content
All information material on the Site belongs to the society or has been contributed by members or guests. You may retrieve and display content from the Site on a computer screen, print individual pages on paper (but not photocopy them) and store such pages in electronic form on disk (but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network) for your personal use. We have tried to ensure that all information we provide through this web site is correct at the time we included it. The contents of these pages are provided as an information guide only and should not be relied upon as a substitute for your own research or independent advice. No responsibility is accepted by or on behalf of The O'Donoghue Society for any errors, omissions, or misleading (but not fraudulent) statements on these pages or any site to which these pages connect, including any feature or aspect of such site or pages, whether provided by The O'Donoghue Society or by any organisation, company or individual.
Except as expressly set out above, you may not reproduce, modify or in any way commercially exploit any of the Content. In particular, but without limiting the general application of the restrictions contained in the preceding sentence, you may not do any of the following without prior written permission from The O'Donoghue Society:
redistribute any of the content; remove the copyright or trade mark notice from any copies of Content made under these Terms; create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the Content.Software and JavaÂ™ Security
The O'Donoghue Society may from time to time give you the option to modify your browser to enable you to access certain requested services along with other applications. In that event, a dialogue box will be shown on your screen requiring your authorisation for the modification to proceed.
By clicking the 'Grant' button (or equivalent) on the dialogue box, you will allow The O'Donoghue Society to modify your browser to enable you to view the service on your screen at the same time as you work on other applications. The dialogue box may display a 'high risk' notice. The reason for this is that this modification makes it technically possible for the browser to be used by The O'Donoghue Society for other purposes.
The O'Donoghue Society guarantees to you that such modification will only be used to view the requested service with other applications and (if you have clicked on 'Remember this decision'  to view in a similar way any other service you may specifically request from The O'Donoghue Society in the future.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer
Any arrangements made between you and any third party named on this Site are at your sole risk and responsibility. The site is provided on an "as is", "as available" basis and The O'Donoghue Society does not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, performance or fitness for a particular purpose of the site or any content. All implied warranties are excluded from these terms to the extent that they may be excluded as a matter of law. Additionally,
The O'Donoghue Society will not be liable for any losses, costs, claims or damages (including without limitation, damages for loss of profits) arising in contract, tort (including negligence and breach of statutory authority) or otherwise from your access to or use, or inability to use the site or any content or from any action taken (or refrained from being taken) as a result of using the site or any content.
The Site contains links to other World Wide Web sites, either directly or through frames and, where possible, we will make clear where such links are being made. Those sites are provided by independent third parties and The O'Donoghue Society is not responsible for their availability or content.
Privacy Policy
The O'Donoghue Society will never sell personal information or share personal information with third parties unrelated to The O'Donoghue Society. At The O'Donoghue Society we use the information we collect to serve our customers in the following ways:
How customers use The O'Donoghue Society and the feedback they give us helps us develop and enhance the site.
If you respond to a promotion, competition or survey we will ask for your name, address and e-mail address. This is so that we can fulfil the promotion, notify competition winners and track the popularity of our marketing activity.We may also use your contact information to let you know about enhancements to the site, special offers and promotions.
Changes to these Terms
The O'Donoghue Society reserves the right, at its discretion, to make changes to any part of the Site. When terms are changed, The O'Donoghue Society will notify you by e-mail or by publishing details of those changes by including them at the end of these Terms (see "Changes to these Terms since April 2018"). If you use the Site and The O'Donoghue Society has published or notified you of the changes, you are agreeing now to be bound by those changes. If you do not agree to be bound by those changes, you should not use the Site any further after they are published at the end of these Terms or after you receive notice of them.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English Law, and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Events Beyond Our Control
We will not be responsible for any breach of this Contract caused by circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
General
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy.
Trade Marks
The Trade Marks, service marks, and logos (the 'Trade Marks') used and displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered Trade Marks of The O'Donoghue Society and others.
Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trade Mark displayed on the Site, without written permission from The O'Donoghue Society. The name of The O'Donoghue Society may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without prior, written permission.
The O'Donoghue Society prohibits use of The O'Donoghue Society logo as a 'hot' link to the site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by The O'Donoghue Society in writing.  Java is a trade mark of Sun Microsystems, Inc.
Changes to these terms since April 2018
None
Follow us:
Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsContact Us
Copyright © The O'Donoghue Society. All Rights Reserved.
website development