http://www.ecologic.de/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Skip to menu
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Printer-friendly versionpdf
Privacy notice for all Ecologic Institute websites
Responsible authority
Ecologic Institut gemeinnützige GmbH
Pfalzburger Strasse 43/44
D - 10717 Berlin
Director: Dr. Camilla Bausch
Data Protection Officer: Christian Bruhn
Data Collection and Processing
Every time you access one of our websites your browser automatically transfers specific information to us. This data serves the purpose of system security, statistics and the technical and content administration of our website. This includes information on your browser type, your operating system, your IP address, date and time of the page view and the Ecologic websites that you visited. This data will neither be assigned to a specific person nor consolidated with other data sources.
Your personal data (i.e. your name, address, telephone number, IP address) will only be collected in case you deliberately and voluntarily submit such information, for example as part of a request or registration. Personal data will only be collected if this is required from a technical or organisational perspective. The personal data submitted by you will only be used for the pre-assigned purpose, it will never be published nor passed on to third parties. This particularly refers to the signing up to events via an online form and to any information given in the process of applying for a job online. You can object to the use of your personal data at any time with future effect, please use the form below to contact us regarding this issue.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on our website; these are small text files that your internet browser stores locally on the access device you use. If a user visits a website, a cookie may be stored on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string that enables a unique identification of the browser when the website is called up again. We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser can be identified even after a page change. The cookies also store information on web statistics, especially if you wish to be excluded from the statistical recording (see section "Matomo Web Analytics"). The user data collected by technically necessary cookies are not used to create user profiles. You can manually delete set cookies at any time in the settings of your Internet browser or deactivate the use of cookies altogether. Please note that if all cookies are disabled, individual websites may not function properly.
Drupal as the content management system (CMS) which drives all our dynamic websites requires to set a cookie (named "has_js") which stores the information, if your currently used browser has javascript enabled or not. Based on that, some links and functions within the websites may need to be rendered differently.
On some websites, channels (streams) from social media such as Twitter, Instagram or Facebook are displayed. These may in turn set so-called third-party cookies, which can be deactivated separately in the settings of your browser.
Matomo Web Analytics
Our websites use Matomo (formerly Piwik), an open source software for statistical analysis of visitor access. Matomo uses so-called cookies (see section "Cookies"). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Internet offerings is transferred to the web server and stored there. The IP address is made anonymous immediately after processing and before it is stored. It is shortened to two bytes, which means that it can no longer be assigned to the calling end device. The collected data will only be sent to our Matomo-Server (matomo.ecologic.eu) and will not be transmitted to third parties. By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Matomo in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can prevent the statistical processing of your data by setting your browser software accordingly (Do Not Track) or by using the form offered below.
Newsletter
If you want to receive the newsletter offered on our websites, you will have to send us your e-mail address. In order to prevent improper use we use the double opt-in method. After ordering the newsletter you will receive a confirmation e-mail that you in turn will have to confirm to sign up for our newsletter. You can at any time with future effect revoke your consent given to the storage of your e-mail address and the sending of the newsletter, please use the form below to contact us regarding this issue.
Signing up to Events via the Online Form / Online Job Application
When signing up for events via the online form your data will be transferred to us in clear text. The same applies for any information given in the online job application. You can object to the use of your personal data at any time with future effect by using the form below.
Right to Information, Objection and Appeal
You have the right to be given information on your personal data stored by us at any time. You also have the right to the rectification of false data, blocking and cancellation. You can also object to the use of your personal data at any time with future effect, please use the form below to contact us regarding this issue. You also have the right to file a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority if you believe that your data have been processed unlawfully. If applicable, you may also assert your right to data portability.
Contact:
Ecologic Institut gemeinnützige GmbH
Christian Bruhn
Data Protection Officer
Pfalzburger Strasse 43/44, D - 10717 Berlin
Phone: +49 30 86880 136
Fax: +49 30 86880 100
Email: please use the following form to contact us, alternatively you can send an email to . In this case, please use the public PGP key (fingerprint: 5544 627B D369 754F B0B7 E62D 2308 6EC0 7142 CE26) for encrypted e-mail traffic.
Your name *
Please enter your full name to contact us.
Your email address *
Please enter your email address so that we can contact you.
Your request *
Please describe your request in as much detail as possible.
The data sent will only be processed for the purpose of processing your request. You will find further information in our data protection declaration (see above).
Leave this field blank
CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions or hack attempts.
Printer-friendly versionpdf
© 1995 - 2020 Ecologic Institute | Contact | Legal Notice | Privacy Notice
Ecologic Institute EU
Ecologic Institute US
Ecologic Legal
Ecologic Events
Transatlantic Program
Newsletter
Contact