http://www.revelationtv.com/termsandconditions
Privacy Policy
Revelation Foundation Privacy Policy
Who are we? In this policy, ‘we’, ‘our’ or ‘us’ refers to Revelation    Foundation,    a registered charity    in    England    and    Wales    (1100573).    This    also    includes    Revelation    Association    and    Revelation TV Company    registered in England no. 04930129, Limited    Company    No:    VAT    registration    no.    907493407, Our    address    is:    129    Prestbury    Road,    Macclesfield,    Cheshire,    SK10    3DA    (REVELATION    FOUNDATION)
Your Privacy
We  respect  your privacy    and    want to    communicate    with you in    a way that suits you, in    accordance    with    the    General    Data    Protection    Regulation    (GDPR).    Your    privacy    is    important    to    us    and    this    policy explains    how    we    use    your    personal    information    and    keep    it    secure. What    is    personal    information? Personal    information    covers    any    data    that    enables    us    to    identify    you    as    an    individual.    This    could include,    name,    address,    telephone    number,    email    address    or    bank    details    (submitted    when    making    a    donation).
How  do  we  use  your  personal  information?
We    use    your    information    to    send    you    postal    mailings,    such    as    our    supporter    magazine "R Times",    appeal    updates    and    other    information    you    have    asked    for    or    that    we    may    feel    would    be    of    interest    to    you. We only    use    your    email    details    to    send    you    communications    that    you    have    requested. You    can    change    the    way    we    communicate    with    you,    at    any    time,    in    the    following    ways:
• By    calling    our    number     +44 (0) 208 972 1400
• By    unsubscribing    from    emails
• By    emailing    our    Contact    Centre    at    info@revelationtv.com
When    you    supply    personal    information    to    us,    we    only    use    this    information    for    the    purpose    for    which    it    was    given    and    ensure    that    it    is    kept    securely. From    time    to    time    we    will    ask    our    supporters    to take    part    in    surveys,    to    help    us    learn    and    improve    how    we    work.
Lawful   basis  for  processing  your  information
We    use    different    reasons    for    using    your    information: Consent    – sometimes    we    use    your    information    to    send    you    communications,    such    as    emails,    because    you    have    given    us    clear    consent    to    do    so. Contract    – we    may    process    your    personal    data    when    we    need    to    do    this    to    fulfil    a    contract    with    you,    e.g.    if    you    have    made    a    donation    or    requested    RTimes    by    Mail Legal    Obligation – sometimes    we will    need    to    store    your    information    because    we    have    a    legal    reason    to    do    this,    e.g.    if    you    have    gift    aided    donations    to    us,    HMRC    require    us    to    keep    the    information    for    up    to    7    years.    Legitimate Interest – we    will    process    your    information    when    it    is    in    our    legitimate    interest    to    do    this    and    when    these    interests    do    not    override    your    rights.    Those    legitimate    interests    include    providing    you    with postal    information    e.g.    fundraising    appeals,    supporter    magazine    etc.
How  long do we keep  your information?
We    only    keep    your    information    for    as    long    as    we    need    to.    We    will    have    a    lawful    reason    to    keep    your    data    and    when    we    no    longer    need    it,    we    will    delete    it.    If    you    have    gift    aided    donations    to    us,    HMRC require    us    to    keep    the    information    for    up    to    7    years. If    you    have    donations    recorded    we    are    required    to    keep    them    for    up    to    2    years. Do    we    share    your    personal    information? We    do    not    share    your details    with    third    parties,    unless    it    is    necessary    to    do    so.    Some    of    the    ways    it    may    be    necessary    to    share    your    information    include:
• fulfilling    orders
• sending    postal    mail    and    email
• analysing    data
• providing    marketing    assistance
• processing    financial    transactions    (see    next    section)
• other    necessary    functions.
In    cases    like    these,    we    will    have    a    data    agreement    in    place    to    ensure    that    these    companies    will    not    use    your    information    for    their    own    use,    but    only    to    fulfil    the    function    on    behalf    of    Revelation Foundation.
Your    information    will    not    be    passed    to    third    parties    for    marketing    purposes.
How    do    we    use    your    financial    information    and    keep    it    secure?
In    order    to    process    financial    transactions,    we    may    need    your    bank    or    credit    card    details. All    credit    card    payments    are    processed    by    WorldPay,    via    a    secure    server. WorldPay’s privacy    policy: https://www.worldpay.com/uk/privacy-policy If    you    have    given    us    bank    details    in    order    to    set    up    a    direct    debit,    your    information    will    be    processed    by    Revelation    Foundation,    within    a    secure    hosting environment. Information    you    give    us    via    the    website    is    stored    and    processed    in    the    UK.    However,    because    of    the    nature    of    the    internet,    it    is    possible    that    your    data    may    pass    through    countries outside    the    EEA.
Your  rights
You    have    the    right    to:
• request    a    copy    of    the    information we    hold    about    you
• update    or    amend    the    information    we    hold    about    you    if    it    is    wrong
• change    your    communication    preferences    at    any    time
• object    to    the    processing    of    your    information    for    marketing    purposes
• raise    a    concern    or    complaint    about    the    way    in    which    your    information    is    being    used.
If    you    wish    to    find    out    more    about    these    rights,    or    if    you    have    any    queries    about    this    statement,    please    contact    our    Contact    Centre    at    info@revelationtv.com or    call     +44 (0) 208 972 1400.
Our  Website
Our website uses cookies to help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we may put on your computer or mobile device when you access our website. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website – for example, they will tell us whether you have visited our site before or whether you are a new visitor.
For all areas of our website which collect personal information, we use a secure server. Although we cannot completely guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, we enforce strict procedures and security features to protect your information and prevent unauthorised access.
Children
If    you    are    under    18,    please    get    your    parent/guardian’s    consent    before    adding    any    personal    information    to    our    website
We    will    not    knowingly    send    any    marketing    material    to    those    under    18.
How    to    contact    us
You    can    get    it    touch    with    us    in    the    following    ways:
• by    telephone    +44 (0) 208 972 1400
• by    email    at    info@revelationtv.com
• by    post:    Revelation    Foundation,    PO    Box    16833,    Sutton    Coldfield,    B73    9XD.
How    to    update    your    details
To    notify    us    of    a    change    to    your    name,    address    or    e-mail    details,    please    email    us    at    info@revelationtv.com,    write    to    us    at    the    address    below,    or    telephone    us    on     +44 (0) 208 972 1400.    Please    keep    us informed    of    changes    so    we    can    stay    in    touch. Revelation    Foundation,    PO    Box    16833,    Sutton    Coldfield,    B73    9XD
Changes    to    This    Privacy    Policy
This    Privacy  Policy    is    effective    as    of    the    date    stated    at    the    bottom    of    this    Privacy    Policy.    We    may    change    this    Privacy    Policy    from    time    to    time.    Please    be    aware    that,    to    the    extent    permitted    by    applicable law,    our    use    of    the    Personal    Information    and    other    information    is    governed    by    the    Privacy    Policy    in    effect    at    the    time    we    collect    the    information.    Please    refer    back    to    this    Privacy    Policy    on    a    regular basis.
USA Privacy Policy
REVELATION TV inc.
Who are we?
In this policy, ‘we’, ‘our’ or ‘us’ refers to Revelation TV inc, an exempt organisation as described in Section 501c3 of the Internal Revenue Code EIN 26-2219361
Our address is: P.O. Box 12836, Beaumont, Texas 77726, USA
Your Privacy
We respect your privacy and want to communicate with you in a way that suits you, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Your privacy is important to us and this policy explains how we use your personal information and keep it secure.
What is personal information?
Personal information covers any data that enables us to identify you as an individual. This could include, name, address, telephone number, email address or bank details (submitted when making a donation).
How do we use your personal information?
We use your information to send you postal mailings, such as our supporter magazine, appeal updates and other information you have asked for or that we may feel would be of interest to you.
We only use your email details to send you communications that you have requested.
You can change the way we communicate with you, at any time, in the following ways:
By calling our number 1-737-600-8222
By unsubscribing from emails
By emailing our Contact Centre at info@revelationtv.com
When you supply personal information to us, we only use this information for the purpose for which it was given and ensure that it is kept securely.
From time to time we will ask our supporters to take part in surveys, to help us learn and improve how we work.
Lawful basis for processing your information
We use different reasons for using your information:
Consent – sometimes we use your information to send you communications, such as emails, because you have given us clear consent to do so
Contract – we may process your personal data when we need to do this to fulfil a contract with you, e.g. if you have made a donations or requested RTimes by Mail
Legal Obligation – sometimes we will need to store your information because we have a legal reason to do this.
Legitimate Interest – we will process your information when it is in our legitimate interest to do this and when these interests do not override your rights. Those legitimate interests include providing you with postal information e.g. fundraising appeals, supporter magazine etc.
How long do we keep your information
We only keep your information for as long as we need to. We will have a lawful reason to keep your data and when we no longer need it, we will delete it.  If you have gift aided donations to us, HMRC require us to keep the information for up to 7 years.  If you have donations recorded we are required to keep them for up to 2 years.
Do we share your personal information?
We do not share your details with third parties, unless it is necessary to do so. Some of the ways it may be necessary to share your information include:
fulfilling orders
sending postal mail and email
analysing data
providing marketing assistance
processing financial transactions (see next section)
other necessary functions.
In cases like these, we will have a data agreement in place to ensure that these companies will not use your information for their own use, but only to fulfil the function on behalf of Revelation TV inc.
Your information will not be passed to third parties for marketing purposes.
How do we use your financial information and keep it secure?
In order to process financial transactions, we may need your bank or credit card details.
All credit card payments are processed by WorldPay, via a secure server.
WorldPay’s privacy policy: https://www.worldpay.com/uk/privacy-policy
Information you give us via the website is stored and processed in the UK. However, because of the nature of the internet, it is possible that your data may pass through countries outside the EEA.
Your rights
You have the right to:
request a copy of the information we hold about you
update or amend the information we hold about you if it is wrong
change your communication preferences at any time
object to the processing of your information for marketing purposes
raise a concern or complaint about the way in which your information is being used.
If you wish to find out more about these rights, or if you have any queries about this statement, please contact our Contact Centre at info@revelationtv.com or call 1-737-600-8222.
Our Website
Our website uses cookies to help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we may put on your computer or mobile device when you access our website.  These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website – for example, they will tell us whether you have visited our site before or whether you are a new visitor.
For all areas of our website which collect personal information, we use a secure server. Although we cannot completely guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, we enforce strict procedures and security features to protect your information and prevent unauthorised access.
Children
If you are under 18, please get your parent/guardian’s consent before adding any personal information to our website
We will not knowingly send any marketing material to those under 18.
How to contact us
You can get it touch with us in the following ways:
through our online form
by telephone 1-737-600-8222
by email at info@revelationtv.com
by post: Revelation TV, PO Box 12836, Beaumont, Texas 77726, USA.
How to update your details
To notify us of a change to your name, address or e-mail details, please email us at info@revelationtv.com, write to us at the address below, or telephone us on 1-737-600-8222. Please keep us informed of changes so we can stay in touch.
Revelation TV, PO Box 12836, Beaumont, Texas 77726, USA
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, our use of the Personal Information and other information is governed by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect the information. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
07:23 Thu 23-05-19