http://www.spilmanlaw.com/otherpages/privacy-policy.aspx
First Name:
Last Name:
Company Name:
Email Address:
Enter security code:
Full Name:
Company Name:
Email Address:
Receive HTML:
Subscriptions:
Bankruptcy & Creditors' RightsBreaking News AlertsConstructionConsumer FinanceCOVID-19Energy & EnvironmentalGovernment Relations - WVLabor & EmploymentProduct Liability & Toxic TortsTechnology Law
Whitepaper DownloadFirst Name:
Last Name:
Email Address:
By checking this box, I acknowledge that this is an attorney advertisement. My receipt and/or use of this material does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship between myself and Spilman Thomas & Battle, PLLC or any attorney associated with the firm. This publication is distributed with the understanding that the author, publisher and distributor are not rendering legal or other professional advice on specific facts or matters and, accordingly, assume no liability whatsoever in connection with its use.
Subscribe to our Labor and Employment E-newsletter
Please fill in your name, company and e-mail address below. Click subscribe and you will be signed up for SuperVision Today, our quarterly labor and employment e-newsletter featuring information to keep you up-to-date on relevant issues and events. The next issue will be sent to your e-mail address.
Name*:
Company*:
Email*:
Security code:
Enter security code:
Notice: We appreciate hearing from you, but please understand that sending us an e-mail or completing this form will not make you a client of our firm. Before we can represent you, we will need to discuss your legal matter and agree to the terms of representation. Until this occurs, any information you share with us should not be considered privileged. Therefore, please do not submit any confidential information through this form or via e-mail. By providing your information and clicking the Submit button, you are confirming that you understand and accept these terms.
Exit to SpilmanLaw.com
expect
Privacy Policy
expect
PRIVACY
Spilman Thomas & Battle, PLLC Privacy Policy
Information We Obtain
Information is collected from you whenever you fill out a form. When filling out a form on our site you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
How We Use the Information We Obtain
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
To contact you with the information you request
We do not use automated decisions to provide services and/or products to you.
Information Sharing
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Information Storage
We have put in place a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. Your information may be stored until you ask us to delete it.
Cookies
Parties of our website and other web properties (Web Presence) may use ‘cookie technology’ to collect website usage data and to improve our services. A cookie is a small piece of information that is stored on a computer for the purpose of identifying that browser during interaction on websites. Cookies may be used to store items such as identifiers and user preferences. A website may set a cookie to the browser if the browser's preferences allow it. A browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has set, not those set by other websites. You may configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you would like to opt out of having our ads served to you based on how you interact with our Web Presence, you should clear our cookies from your browser. Another way to manage which ads you see from the Google Display Network is to visit their Ad Preferences Manager. Spilman Thomas & Battle, PLLC may use cookies for several reasons. We use cookies to deliver advertisements across the internet and content relevant to your interests by collecting and maintaining information based on your web surfing activity when you are visiting our Web Presence. We may also use cookies to provide general internal and customer analytics. Browser-based analytic systems are used to collect information about visitors to our Web Presence.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or you would like to request an update to your information on file, you may contact us through the following methods:
Call us: 1.800.967.8251
Email us: stb@spilmanlaw.com
Submit Contact form: https://www.spilmanlaw.com/otherpages/contact-us.aspx