http://www.caminternational.org/explore/privacy-legal
Log in to your Account
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Recover it here.
Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now!
Account
My Giving
My Campaigns
Edit Profile
Log Out
Log in to your Account
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Recover it here.
Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now!
Go
Short Term
Long Term
Opportunities
The GO Process
Why Go with Camino?
Start Your Journey
Give
Camino Impact Fund
Give to a Missionary
Give to a Project
Other Ways to Give
Planned Giving
Why Partner with Camino?
Giving FAQ
Explore
Where We Work
How We Work
Stories
Resources
Partners
Tools for Churches
Ministry Fields
Pray
Prayer Articles
Prayer Tools
Connect
Missionaries
Contact Us
Social Media
Privacy / Legal
About
Who We Are
What We Believe
Staff & Leadership
Board of Directors
Legacy & Archives
FAQ
Perfíl de Camino (Español)
Español
ES
Privacy / Legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Camino Global (USA) and Camino Global Ministries (Canada) treats personal information that it collects and receives on caminoglobal.org, caminofoundation.com, and obrerofiel.com, as well as any other websites operated by Camino Global. This notice tells you what information we collect, what steps we take to protect and secure it, how we use and share information, and how you can contact us with question or concerns.
Camino Global ("Camino," "we," "us," or "our") is a dba of CAM International, a Texas non-profit corporation.
Camino Global Ministries ("Camino," "we," "us," or "our") is a registered charity in Ontario, Canada.
Information Collected
The amount and types of information we collect from you depends on how you use Camino services, what services you use, and what information you choose to make available to us. Personal Information collected may include such things as name, mailing address, phone number, email address, billing and payment information, and other data from required to provide certain services and communications.
We collect information from you when you:
Create or register an account, and when you administer your account.
Use online forms to make ministry inquiries, request Camino resources, and/or submit questions and suggestions to our offices.
Subscribe to one or more Camino email lists
Make recurring or one-time contributions, in which case billing and payment information is required in order to process transactions. All transactions are processed over an industry standard secure connection (i.e. SSL/TLS with a minimum of 128-bit encryption).
Apply for employment or membership with to Camino. In these cases, considerably more detailed information will be collected, including information of a personal, theological, academic, and professional nature.
Information from Children
Camino does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, or under the age of 16 in the EEA (European Economic Area), with the exception of family members of Camino personnel. If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information of a child under these ages, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our databases as soon as is practical. Parents have the right at any time to request that information collected about their child is removed from our databases.
How Information is Used
Your data belongs to you and not to us. Camino will not sell, less, or rent your personal information to any 3rd party, business or organization. Use of personal information will be limited to the internal operations of Camino staff to fulfill online requests and transactions, and only to further the mission of Camino.
Camino uses your information in order to understand your needs and provide you with the best possible communication and service. Specifically, we may use your information in the following ways:
To identify and authenticate you. We use your identification information to verify your identity when you access our services via a registered Camino account.
To respond to a question, comment, suggestion, prayer request, or other inquiry submitted via a form on a Camino web page.
To provide you with ministry updates, news and information.
To complete an online transaction related to a contribution. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes.
To improve our services. We analyze information about how you use services such as our websites and email tools, including information aggregated into site analytics, in order to provide improved digital content and experience.
Information Sharing
Personal Information is shared in the following cases:
With cloud service providers for the hosting of apps and websites
With vendors we engage to assist us in providing you with goods or services, such as donation transaction processing.
When you post content on any Camino page that has a social media sharing feature (such as Facebook or Twitter). Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statements of the companies providing them.
Within and between other parts of our Organization, including Camino offices in The USA and Canada, Latin America, and Spain. We are an international organization and may need to transfer certain personal information between countries. If you are in the EEA (European Economic Area), we may need to transfer your data to countries outside the EEA in order to process it. We will only transfer such information outside the EEA with adequate safeguards in place and in full compliance will applicable laws.
Security
To prevent unauthorized access and maintain data integrity, Camino has established physical, electronic and managerial procedures designed to safeguard the information we collect online. We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Once your credit card information is received, only a small number of trusted and trained Camino personnel will have access to it.
You can help us protect your personal data by carefully protecting your password and remembering to fully sign out of your account and close your browser tabs and windows when you finish using our site. This is especially important if you access our services on a shared or public computer
External Links
This website contains links to other sites.  Camino is not responsible for either the privacy practices or the content of such sites, and no official endorsement or recommendation by Camino should be inferred.
E-mail Policy
Subscription to an email list provided through various Camino websites requires permission of the email address owner. This is done through an opt-in process and recorded to verify that the subscription is valid and complies with anti-spam regulations and best practices. We do not solicit or use rented lists to acquire subscriptions.
Messages sent to subscribers of Camino email lists include contact information such as our postal address, phone number, reply e-mail address and links to unsubscribe or manage subscriptions. Camino does not share your email address with anyone or subscribe your email address to other lists.
GDPR and Personal Information
If you reside in the EEA (European Economic Area), you have specific rights in accordance with GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), with which Camino will comply. These rights include, but are not necessarily limited to:
The right to know how we collect and use your data, in plain language.
The right to opt out of marketing communications.
The right to receive a copy of the data we have stored about you.
The right to request that we delete your data from our system(s).
Changes to this policy were last made on May 25, 2018
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
You agree that your use of this website is subject to the following Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions may be modified at any time and from time to time. The date of the most recent changes or revisions will appear on this page. Continued access to the website by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the agreement. If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions, please do not use this website.
The materials contained on the website are provided by Camino Global as a service to you for your use on an "as is, as available" basis. You acknowledge that you are using the website at your own risk. Camino Global assumes no responsibility for error or omissions in these materials. Camino Global makes no commitment to update the information contained herein. Camino Global makes no, and expressly disclaims any and all, representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the website, including without limitation the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of text, graphics, links, products and services, and other items accessed from or via the website, or that the website will be uninterrupted, error-free, or free of viruses or other harmful components. No advice or information given by Camino Global or any other party on the website shall create any warranty or liability.
Changes to this policy were last made on June 21, 2017
Donation Refund Policy
Donation Refund Policy
If you have made an error in making your donation or change your mind about contributing to Camino Global, we will honor your request for a refund made within 45 business days of your donation. To request a refund, call 800-366-2264 or 214-327-8206 extension 1017. You may also email us at: refunds@caminoglobal.org.
Refunds are returned using the original method of payment, except cash donations will be returned via check. If you made your donation by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.
Changes to this policy were last made on June 21, 2017
Our Commitment
Our Commitment
Those who receive or request services, guidance and ministry from Camino missionaries can be assured that reasonable efforts will be made to promote conditions, procedures and decisions that are biblical, lawful, safe, respectful, and provide appropriate confidentiality or privacy. This commitment also applies to work teams, ministry interns, and short-term teams.
For this reason members of Camino Global will:
Not discriminate on the basis of race, color, and national or ethnic origin.
Only request information for which there is reasonable necessity.
Protect against improper access to information requested.
Operate facilities with appropriate safety, accessibility, and privacy.
Establish with beneficiaries a clear understanding of what may be expected and what may not be expected from the ministry offered.
Use biblical principles in counseling and corrective actions.
If you have any questions about these policies or the way we use your personal information, please use this form to contact us.
Contact Us
Social Media
Privacy / Legal
Did you know? Spanish is the second most spoken language in the world (nearly half a billion).
Journey with spanish speakers. Transform the world.
Give
Follow the journey
Thank you
You have successfully signed up for our newsletter.
Go
Give
Explore
Pray
Connect
About
Founded in 1890 as the Central American Mission and known as CAM International since 1975, The scope of outreach today is truly global. Camino missionaries serve alongside Spanish speakers everywhere, with feet on the ground on four continents. The mission of Camino Global is to make disciples of Jesus Christ, serving among and with Spanish-speakers globally.
© 2019
|
avantcamino.org
|
caminofoundation.com
|
obrerofiel.org
|
hopecoffee.org