https://www.ghostdraft.com/business-solutions/policy-production/
Policy Production
Stay ahead with streamlined workflows
Increase compliance and accelerate speed to market with advanced business-driven document creation.
Get Started
Insurers are feeling the pressure to meet compliance regulations, launch new and innovative products, and accelerate speed to market without compromising on quality and cost. GhostDraft empowers business users to easily create and manage declaration pages, schedules, endorsements and other policy forms to support rapid product launches and quick responses to regulatory changes.
Accelerate speed to market
Give business users authoring control
Boost accuracy and efficiency
Gain advanced personalization
Optimize the Policy Production Process
GhostDraft’s intuitive, cloud-based platform gives your business users complete authoring control to design and generate policy documents without the need for IT. This frees up valuable time for your developers to focus on other important projects. Templates can also be easily tested in real-time using sample data to ensure accuracy, compliance and consistency.
Users have the power to create and store reusable content that can be applied across thousands of policy, billing, claims, and other documents. This not only eliminates duplicate entry but also simplifies change control. GhostDraft empowers users to update one reusable template with new content, which then updates all of the other forms automatically.
For large insurers, GhostDraft connects your disparate policy administration systems, effectively reducing the number of policy documents. By connecting all policy systems to our domain model, business users can easily build one policy document template that pulls data from multiple policy systems.
Empower Business Users
Design, test and generate policy documents without help from IT.
Eliminate Duplicate Entry
Create and store reusable content to accelerate policy document production.
Reduce Policy Documents
Manage fewer policy documents with a CCM solution that connects disparate policy systems.
Get to Market Faster
GhostDraft integrates with top policy administration systems to expedite implementation, which dramatically increases your speed to market. Business users have the power to create, test and deliver compliant, omnichannel policy documents without IT – streamlining your policy production processes and sending timely customer correspondence. You also gain access to a library of pre-built, standardized insurance forms and templates with our ISO offering. This enables you to get new or updated product lines to market faster than ever.
Scott Forland
COO, MutualAid eXchange
“Before, it would take us several days to produce custom declaration pages for our most complex policies. With GhostDraft, we can do this in much less time.”
Ensure Compliance
GhostDraft delivers intuitive workflows that enable business users to collaborate on policy documents and gain the necessary approvals to ensure regulatory compliance. Our system stores all document history, allowing users to track revisions and create an audit trail.
With GhostDraft, insurers gain a complete upgrade from the current error-prone, manual manuscript process. Your business users will have the ability to upload external manuscript documents into the policy package, ensuring that this information is accurate and archived for regulatory compliance.
Now you can rest assured that all revisions and changes are on track and under control.
Other Business Solutions
Billing
Get paid faster with easy-to-read digital billing statements across multiple channels.
Correspondence
Connect with your customers how and when it suits them with a customized communications workflow.
Find out more
Full Name*
First
Email Address*
Company*
Share
Boost your bottom line with better billing
Upgrade the way you bill your customers by delivering compliant, easy-to-read documents to their channel of choice. Your customers will respond faster and your bottom line will benefit directly.
Learn more
Related Content
View All
Featured
5 Advantages of Cloud-Native CCM
Uncategorised
Featured
20:15
Quick Customer Experience Wins for Insurers [Webinar]
Webinars
Featured
Mastering the Old Fashioned Cocktail and New Customer Experience [Video]
Articles
Complex documents, simple solution
GhostDraft gives your business team the power to build stronger customer connections through easy-to-create, personalized communications.
Full Name*
First
Email Address*
Get Started
Take that first step towards building stronger customer connections.
Full Name*
First
Email Address*
Company*Phone NumberWe’re committed to your privacy. GhostDraft uses the information you provide us to contact you about our relevant content, products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, check out our Privacy Policy.
Get your free copy
Where should we send your copy of this resource?
Full Name*
First
Email Address*
Company*We’re committed to your privacy. GhostDraft uses the information you provide us to contact you about our relevant content, products, and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, check out our Privacy Policy.