http://www.relentlessdefense.com/privacy-policy
Our Team
Column Team
Team
Kevin J. Mahoney
Joan M. LeGraw
Georgia Pasqualone
Roisin
Practice Areas
Column One
Drug Offenses
Crimes of Violence
Sex Crimes
Motor Vehicle Offenses
Theft Crimes
Illegal Possession of Firearms
Obstructing Justice Offenses
White Collar Crimes
Federal Defense
Probation Violations
Restraining Orders
Professional Misconduct
Custody of Domestic Pets, Dogs & Cats Litigation
Column Two
Cyber Crimes
Hate Crimes
Appeals
Clerk Magistrate Hearings
Immigration
Civil Litigation
Civil Suits Against Law Enforcement
Personal Injury
College Crimes
Title IX Investigations
Juvenile Law
Estate Planning & Asset Protection
Last Will and Testament
Representation Before DCF
What Should I Do?
Cloumn One
Selecting a Winning Lawyer
Recommended Lawyers
Succeeding With Your Lawyer
Right to a Telephone Call
Miranda Rights
Should I Speak with Police?
Coping With Stress of Court
Bill of Rights
Mass Declaration of Rights
Street Encounters or Terry Stops
Cooperating With DEA or Police
Column Two
Common Defenses
Right to Self-Defense
Reasonable Doubt
What to Wear to Court
How to Behave in Court
Overview of the Justice System
Massachusetts Criminal Defense Lawyer
Cambridge Drug Trafficking Lawyer: Knock and Talk
Motor Vehicle Searches
Forensics
Column One
Forensic Experts
Preserving the Crime Scene
Collecting Evidence
Trace Evidence
Fingerprint Evidence
Autopsy
Gunshot Wounds
Stab Wounds
Drowning
Child Homicide
Rape Kit
Column Two
DNA Evidence
Forensic Dentistry
Forensic Botany
Toxicology
Mahoney in the Media
In the News
TV Appearances
Testimonials
Blog
Contact
Our law firm collects personal information only when you submit it to us. If you decide to submit such personal information, we or an external service provider will retain the information that you submit in a database, and we will use this information to complete your request. Any service provider that we designate will have agreed not to sell or distribute your information to any third party, and we will also not share the information with any third party except for the service provider. We may also use the information retained in the database to communicate with you directly via email or direct mail, such as to inform you about upcoming seminars that may be of interest to you. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, but we cannot guarantee that your personal information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this policy.
Currently, we only employ a “cookie” for more accurate traffic analysis such as tracking the time/date of the visit, the page viewed and the referring website. This cookie retains some form submission details. The data that we do collect is never stored in any individual website tracking profile and only serves to update aggregate counts allowing us to monitor site traffic. We may share non-personal, anonymous information collected through cookies with third parties. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies.
Any changes to this privacy policy will be made through a revised posting on our website.
Attorneys have always been required under their Code of Professional Conduct to keep their clients’ information confidential. Therefore we have always protected your right to privacy.
Non-Public Information We Collect. We collect non-public personal information about you that is provided by you or obtained by us with your authorization.
Parties to Whom We Disclose Information. We do not disclose private personal information about clients or former clients obtained in the course of our practice, except as required or permitted by law.
Required Disclosures
As legal professionals, we are required by law to make disclosures of private information where we have knowledge of the intent to commit a crime.
Permitted Disclosures
Employees. In order to complete work you engaged our firm to produce, your private information may need to be disclosed to employees of our firm.
Outside Providers. On occasion, we may need to provide your private information to unrelated third parties who may be called on to assist us in completing work you have engaged our firm to complete. This information is never provided without first obtaining your written permission. Examples of third parties to whom your private information might be disclosed are an accountant to assist us with tax research or accounting services.
Protecting the Confidentiality and Security of Client Information. In order to better serve you, as well as comply with certain professional guidelines and requirements, we retain records of the professional services that we provide. As part of our commitment to provide you with the finest service possible, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the private information of our clients and former clients. These safeguards comply with our professional standards as well as with the federal regulations.
Request Not to Release Information. The Federal Trade Commission regulations require us to notify you of your right to request that our firm not release your non-public personal information. While it is unnecessary for you to do so, because our firm does not release any private information, in the interest of satisfying the regulations we include this disclosure.
Although the attorney / client privilege by which our firm is bound prohibits us from releasing any communications between you and one of our attorneys, you can always request that our firm release such information to anyone you designate.
Should you have any further questions regarding our privacy policies and procedures, please feel free to call our office at (617) 492-0055.Testimonials
NS, a DUI client,about 1 month agoAttorney Mahoney,
I just wanted to say thank you for such a wonderful and excellent job you did for me. You were quite impressive up there and you really did your homework catching her in a few lies from previous testimony. You are the best! Even though I never want to be in this situation again, if I know anyone I will give them your name.
Thank Amy for me too! She is a great asset to have in your office! Very pleasant and understanding.
Again thank you and go Celtics!
text
about 1 month agoKevin Mahoney recently represented me in a case for destruction of property and disorderly conduct. He was extremely thorough and persistent, and despite a great deal of evidence against me, he managed to get the felony charge dropped without having to go to trial.
I had never been in legal trouble before and had no idea how to proceed, and without his counsel, I am sure that I would have gotten convicted.
He listened to my specific needs and always acted in my best interest. His knowledge, attention to detail, and general courtroom presence continued to amaze me throughout the entire process.
text
M.K.about 1 month agoDear Attorney Mahoney:
I wish to express my sincere appreciation for your efforts on my behalf. Your defense was truly outstanding. The court room skills that you demonstrated and legal knowledge were truly incomparable. I’m wishing you the very best in your future endeavors.
In addition, I ‘m looking forward to viewing the Jello Trial on Court T.V. Let me thank you once again.
text
about 1 month agoAttorney Mahoney,
Is very knowledgeable and very professional. He has just represented me in a case lasting a year and a half, and he made sure I got a fair trial with a fair jury. He kept me well informed about what would be happening in the court room and always had a well thought out defense for any route of attack the D.A. would be planning on.
My trial took 2 and a half days and after the jury deliberated for approximately 23 minutes they came back with a “Not guilty” verdict. I would recommend Attorney Mahoney to anyone I know, but I sure hope I dont need him again. : ) .
text
Call 617.492.0055
Available to Respond to Emergencies
24 Hours a Day
Directions
Kevin J. Mahoney’s New Book Coming Soon
The Title IX Sexual Harassment Handbook
"Attorney Mahoney is currently authoring an authoritative and strategy
driven compendium on investigating and defending Title IX sexual assault
cases for lawyers, students, and universities.
The book will be available
through James Publishing within months."
Our Team
Practice Areas
What Should I Do?
Forensics
Mahoney in the Media
Testimonials
Blog
Contact
© 2019 Mahoney Criminal Defense Group.
All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer
For a Free in-office Consultation Call 617-492-0055