https://www.ncall.us/privacy-policy/
Search in https://www.ncall.us/
Home
About
Abuse in Later Life
Take Action
Resources
Graphics Library
Video Library
News
Get Help
Contact
Who We Are
This website is owned by the National Clearinghouse on Abuse in Later Life (NCALL). The web address is www.ncall.us.
What Personal Data We Collect and Why We Collect It
We collect information from you when you create an account on our site, place an order, or register for an event.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Credit card transactions are processed through Paypal’s secure server and not within our website.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
What Do We Use Your Information For?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions — Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails — The email address you provide for order processing or event registration will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or register for an event. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied registration and order information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Credit card information is never stored on our servers.
Do We Use Cookies?
Yes. (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser [If you allow] that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information)
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Do We Disclose Any Information to Outside Parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights or safety.
Embedded Content from Other Sites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
How long we retain your data —If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data — If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data — Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 4/25/12
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 4/25/12
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 4/25/12
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us with any questions or comments.
For Victims & Allies
For Professionals
For Trainers
Safe exit Quickly & safely exit this site