https://www.interactivestars.com/members_terms.php
Website Terms - Interactive Stars
The secure horoscope site - your visits are safe and private
1.	Introduction
1.1	These Terms and Conditions shall govern your use of our website and our membership services. The Terms and Conditions described below form part of our Legal Information documents all of which set out how we manage our relationship with our users. The other documents in this set are our Privacy /GDPR statement and our Cookie Policy here. Thank you.
1.2	By using our website, and members services, you accept these terms and conditions, and our Privacy, GDPR and Cookie policies, in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, or privacy policies, you must not use our website including our membership based services.
1.3	If you register to become a member of our website we will ask you to expressly agree to these terms and conditions. Please note - membership is free, as are some of our horoscopes. When you are logged in you also have options for paid for add-ons such as full Horoscope Reports (PDF) and some live horoscope subscriptions. Cancelling your membership is easy - see 8.2 below or tghe 'Help' link on the bottom of any web page. We also make this clear in your welcome email after your first sign-up.
1.4	Like most websites, our website uses cookies; by using our website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our Cookies Policy - see link above or on the bottom of most pages on our website.
1.5
By using our website, you accept all our horoscope forecasts and reports are for entertainment purposes only.
2.	Copyright notice
2.1	Copyright (c) 2019, Interactive Stars Limited.
2.2	Subject to the express provisions of these terms and conditions:
(a)	we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and
(b)	all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
3.	Licence to use website
3.1	You may:
(a) view pages from our website in a web browser;
(b)	download pages from our website for caching in a web browser;
(c)	print pages from our website;
(d)	download, save and print PDF horoscope reports;
(e)	use our website services by means of a web browser,
subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions.
3.2 Except as expressly permitted by Section 3.1 or the other provisions of these terms and conditions, you must not download any material from our website or save any such material to your computer.
3.3 You may only use our website for your own personal purposes, and you must not use our website for any other purposes.
3.4 Except as expressly permitted by these terms and conditions, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on our website.
3.5 Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material, you must not:
(a)	republish material from our website (including republication on another website);
(b)	sell, rent or sub-licence material from our website;
(c)	show any material from our website in public;
(d)	exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose; or
(e)	redistribute material from our website, save to the extent expressly permitted by this notice. We permit the redistribution of material from our website via the 'Share' or 'Like' buttons which may appear on social media networks.
3.6	We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
3.7 Enforcement of copyright.
3.8 We take the protection of our copyright very seriously.
3.9 If we discover that you have used our copyright materials in contravention of the licence set out in this notice, we may bring legal proceedings against you, seeking monetary damages and/or an injunction to stop you using those materials. You could also be ordered to pay legal costs.
4. Acceptable use
4.1 You must not:
(a) use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
(b)	use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
(c)	use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
(d)	conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;
(e)	access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means;
(f)	violate the directives set out in the robots.txt file for our website; or
(g)	use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing.
4.2 You must not use data collected from our website to contact individuals, companies or other persons or entities.
4.3 You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading.
5. Use on behalf of organisation
5.1 If you use our website or expressly agree to these terms and conditions in the course of a business or other organisational project, then by so doing you bind both:
(a) yourself; and
(b) the person, company or other legal entity that operates that business or organisational project, to these terms and conditions, and in these circumstances references to "you" in these terms and conditions are to both the individual user and the relevant person, company or legal entity (unless the context requires otherwise).
6. Registration and accounts
6.1 You may sign up for a free member's account with our website by completing and submitting the member's registration form on our website.
Some horoscopes, and full reports, are excluded from the free membership as they are paid for add-ons. It is easy to unsubscribe - see the 'Help' link on the bottom of most of our website pages. All payments are handled by PayPal on their secure servers. We do not have access to any of your payment card or bank details. Membership data is handled by the aMember system installed on our web server(s). Relevant emails regarding membership are sent to your registered email address.
6.2 You must notify us in writing/by email immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your account.
6.3 You must not use any other person's membership account to access the website, unless you have that person's express permission to do so.
7. User Ids, passwords, your birth data and membership
7.1 If you register as a member with our website, you will be asked to choose a user name and password during registration.
7.2 Your user name must not be liable to mislead and must comply with the content rules set out in Section 13; you must not use your account or user ID for or in connection with the impersonation of any person.
7.3 You must keep your password confidential.
7.4 You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any disclosure of your password.
7.5 You are responsible for any activity on our website arising out of any failure to keep your password confidential, and may be held liable for any losses arising out of such a failure.
7.6 You can retrieve a lost password by clicking the 'Lost password?' link on our login page. Your password will be sent to your registered email address.
7.7 You can change/update some of your member registration data by visiting the 'My Settings' link at the bottom of most pages on our website.
8. Cancellation and suspension of membership account
8.1 We may:
(a)	suspend your account;
(b)	cancel your account; and/or
(c)	edit your account details,
at any time at our sole discretion without notice or explanation, providing that if we cancel any services you have paid for and you have not breached these terms and conditions, we will refund to you a pro rata amount of your payment, such amount to be calculated by us using any reasonable methodology.
8.2 You may cancel your membership and it is easy to do so. Intructions on how to cancel your membership are on our 'Help' page. When you cancel you membership you can continue to log in to our website until the one month membership period expires, after which you will not be able to log in.
9. Subscriptions
9.1 Some of our live horoscope forecasts are a paid for/subscription service. You will receive email notification of the subscription purchase immediately after payment at which point the contract between us for the supply of the website services shall come into force.
9.2 You will have the opportunity to identify and correct input errors prior to making your order by clicking the link 'return to Interactive Stars' and starting the sign-up process again. You can change your membership data after registration by logging in to your members area or by clicking 'Me & My Friends' on the top menu.
9.3 For so long as your account and subscription remain active in accordance with these terms and conditions, you will benefit from the features specified on our website in relation to your subscription type.
9.4 We may from time to time vary the benefits associated with a subscription by posting a new subscription description on our website, providing that if in our reasonable opinion such a variation results in a substantial loss of value or functionality, you shall have the right to cancel your subscription, and we will refund to you a pro rata amount of the fee paid in respect of your subscription, such amount to be calculated by us using any reasonable methodology.
9.5 At the end of any period of subscription for which you have paid, and subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions, your subscription will be either automatically:
- renewed (this is the default)
or
- cancelled - see 8.2 above.
Please be aware that for all subscriptions your chosen payment methods e.g. a payment card, or your PayPal account, will be automatically debited the monthly fee once per month, unless cancelled.
10. Fees
10.1	The fees in respect of our website services will be as set out on the website from time to time. Our subscription fees are easy to understand:
&dollar0.99 (99 cents) per month for our 'Daily Compatibility' horoscope and 'Venus Trends' horoscope.
&dollar4.99per year for our 'Major Trends' horoscope.
If you unsubscribe before the month period ends, you will not be refunded for the remaining days of that month.
Our name on your payment card statement, or in your PayPal account, is INTERASTARS
10.2	You must pay to us the fees in respect of our website services in advance, in cleared funds, in accordance with any instructions on our website.
10.3	We may vary fees from time to time by posting new fees on our website, but this will not affect fees for services that have been previously paid.
10.4	If you dispute any payment made to us, you must contact us immediately and provide full details of your claim. Our contact details are below. You can also raise a claim directly via PayPal.
10.6	If you make an unjustified credit card, debit card or other charge-back then you will be liable to pay us, within 7 days following the date of our written request:
(a)	an amount equal to the amount of the charge-back;
(b)	all third party expenses incurred by us in relation to the charge-back (including charges made by our or your bank or payment processor or card issuer);
(c)	an administration fee of GBP 25.00 including VAT; and
(d)	all our reasonable costs, losses and expenses incurred in recovering the amounts referred to in this Section 10.6 (including without limitation legal fees and debt collection fees), and for the avoidance of doubt, if you fail to recognise or fail to remember the source of an entry on your card statement or other financial statement, and make a charge-back as a result, this will constitute an unjustified charge-back for the purposes of this Section 10.6.
11. Distance contracts: cancellation right
This is currently not relevant to our website.
12. Your content: licence
This is currently not relevant to our website.
13. Your content: rules
This is currently not relevant to our website.
14. Report abuse
14.1	If you learn of any unlawful material or activity on our website, or any material or activity that breaches these terms and conditions, please let us know.
14.2	You can let us know by email or by using the web form on our 'Contact' page the link to which is at the bottom of each web page on our website.
15. Limited warranties
15.1	We do not warrant or represent:
(a)	the completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;
(b)	that the material on the website is up to date; or
(c)	that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
Please note - All services offered by Interactive Stars Limited, via this website www.interactivestars.com, are for entertainment only purposes only.
15.2	We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
15.3	To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 16.1, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, our website and the use of our website.
16.	Limitations and exclusions of liability
16.1	Nothing in these terms and conditions will:
(a)	limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
(b)	limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
(c)	limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
(d)	exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law,
and, if you are a consumer, your statutory rights will not be excluded or limited by these terms and conditions, except to the extent permitted by law.
16.2	The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section 16 and elsewhere in these terms and conditions:
(a)	are subject to Section 16.1; and
(b)	govern all liabilities arising under these terms and conditions or relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
16.3	To the extent that our website and the information and services on our website are provided either free of charge (free trial), or as a paid for subscription,
we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
16.4	We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
16.5	We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
16.8	You accept that we have an interest in limiting the personal liability of our officers and employees and, having regard to that interest, you acknowledge that we are a limited liability entity; you agree that you will not bring any claim personally against our officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website or these terms and conditions (this will not, of course, limit or exclude the liability of the limited liability entity itself for the acts and omissions of our officers and employees).
16.9	Our aggregate liability to you in respect of any contract to provide services to you under these terms and conditions shall not exceed the greater of:
(a)	amount; and
(b)	the total amount paid and payable to us under the contract.
17. Indemnity
17.1	You hereby indemnify us, and undertake to keep us indemnified, against any and all losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute) incurred or suffered by us and arising directly or indirectly out of:
(a)	any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions; or
(b)	your use of our website.
18. Breaches of these terms and conditions
18.1	Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may:
(a)	send you one or more formal warnings;
(b)	temporarily suspend your access to our website;
(c)	permanently prohibit you from accessing our website;
(d)	block computers using your IP address from accessing our website;
(e)	contact any or all your internet service providers and request that they block your access to our website;
(f)	commence legal action against you, whether for breach of contract or otherwise; and/or
(g)	suspend or delete your account on our website.
18.2	Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our website or a part of our website, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking (including without limitation creating and/or using a different account).
19. Third party websites
19.1	Our website may include hyperlinks to other websites owned and operated by third parties; such hyperlinks are not recommendations.
19.2	We have no control over third party websites and their contents, and subject to Section 16.1 we accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
20. Trademarks
20.1	Any logos and our other registered and unregistered trade marks are trade marks belonging to us; we give no permission for the use of these trade marks, and such use may constitute an infringement of our rights.
20.2	Any third party registered and unregistered trade marks or service marks on our website are the property of their respective owners and, unless stated otherwise in these terms and conditions, we do not endorse and are not affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such we cannot grant any licence to exercise such rights.
21. Variation
21.1	We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time.
21.2	The revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions. / We will give you written notice of any revision of these terms and conditions, and the revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of our website from the date that we give you such notice; if you do not agree to the revised terms and conditions, you must stop using our website.
21.3	If you have given your express agreement to these terms and conditions, we will ask for your express agreement to any revision of these terms and conditions; and if you do not give your express agreement to the revised terms and conditions within such period as we may specify, we will disable or delete your account on the website, and you must stop using the website.
22. Assignment
22.1	You hereby agree that we may assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions - providing, if you are a consumer, that such action does not serve to reduce the guarantees benefiting you under these terms and conditions.
22.2	You may not without our prior written consent assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with any of your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
23. Severability
23.1	If a provision of a contract under these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
23.2	If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision of a contract under these terms and conditions would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
24. Third party rights
24.1	A contract under these terms and conditions is for our benefit and your benefit, and is not intended to benefit or be enforceable by any third party.
24.2	The exercise of the parties' rights under a contract under these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
25. Entire agreement
25.1	Subject to Section 16.1, these terms and conditions, together with [our privacy policy, cookies policy and copyright notice], shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall supersede all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
26. Law and jurisdiction
26.1	A contract under these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
26.2	Any disputes relating to a contract under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
27. Statutory and regulatory disclosures
27.1	We will not file a copy of these terms and conditions specifically in relation to each user or customer and, if we update these terms and conditions, the version to which you originally agreed will no longer be available on our website. We recommend that you consider saving a copy of these terms and conditions for future reference.
27.2	These terms and conditions are available in the English language only.
27.3	Data protection registration - We are registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner's Office. Our data protection registration number is A8029281.
28. Our details
28.1	This website is owned and operated by Interactive Stars Limited.
28.2	We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 03913933, and our registered office is at:
44 Kings Meadow
Bourton-On-The-Water
Cheltenham
Gloucestershire
England
GL54 2LX
28.4	You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by using our website contact form on our 'Contact' web page or by email to
Astrology FAQ
Help
Members Terms
Privacy & GDPR
Contact