http://www.mannersmith.com/index.cfm?action=main.privacy
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Search:
Mannersmith Privacy Policy
In no event shall Jodi RR Smith or Mannersmith Etiquette Consulting be liable for special, indirect, exemplary, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of the advice given.
This website is hosted in the United States by Mannersmith Etiquette Consulting ("Mannersmith"). Mannersmith takes user privacy seriously because we know that your privacy on the web is important to you. We may collect the e-mail addresses of those who send us e-mail messages; however, we will not share those addresses with any other company or send unsolicited e-mail to any of the addresses we collect, except in limited circumstances as set forth below. Mannersmith has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect your personally-identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Despite these precautions, however, Mannersmith cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your personally-identifiable information.
When you request information from Mannersmith and supply information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you, you are agreeing to share that information with Mannersmith, its agents, representatives and affiliates. Mannersmith may aggregate personally-identifiable information and may disclose such information in aggregate for marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you. We may use cookies and obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses www.mannersmith.com. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our site may use cookies to store pertinent user information during a session to speed navigation and keep track of items. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies, and how to disable cookies altogether. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with law or comply with legal process served upon us or our agents, representatives, and affiliates, (2) protect and defend our rights or property or those of our users, or (3) protect the personal safety of our users or the public. Mannersmith would like to keep your personal information accurate. Therefore, Mannersmith allows you to correct or change personal identifiable information collected by us by replying to any Mannersmith email.
This Site is not directed at children 13 years of age or younger. Mannersmith, therefore, will not intentionally collect information about any user under the age of 13.