http://www.cph.org/t-about-privacy.aspx
Concordia Publishing House
Utility Navigation
Skip utility navigation and go to main navigation
Sign In
or Create a New Account
| My Account |
New Releases |
On Sale |
Spanish |
Blog |
Contact Us
(800) 325-3040
My Cart0
Main Navigation
Skip main navigation and go to main content
Bibles & Bible Studies
Bibles & Bible Studies Shop All
Bibles
The Lutheran Study Bible
Faith Alive
Growing in Faith
The Story Bible
Bible Covers
Bible Reference Books
Bible Resources
ESV Pew Bibles
Journaling Bibles
La Biblia de la Reforma
Lutheran Bible Companion
Outreach Bibles
The Apocrypha
Other ESV Bibles
Other Children's Bibles
Bible Studies
Bible Study Finder
LifeLight
God's Word for Today
CPH FaithCourses
Men's Bible Studies
Women's Bible Studies
Youth Bible Studies
Biblical Literacy
Christian Life
Lectionary-Based Studies
Lutheran Theology
All New
CPH FaithCourses
Video-based Bible studies for groups or individuals.
View
Featured
Books of the Bible Study Questions
Free downloadable study questions on different books of the Bible.
View
Books
Books Shop All
Books for Children
Arch Books
Follow and Do
God, I Need to Talk to You
Bible Story Books
Big Books
Board Books
Coloring & Activity Books
Prayer & Devotional Books
Seasonal
Topical
Books for Adults
Lutheran
Christian Living
Adult Coloring Books
Apologetics
Biography
Culture
Family
Fiction
Sanctity of Life
Vocation
World Religions
Commentaries
Concordia Commentary
Reformation Heritage Bible Commentary
Commentary on Luther's Catechisms
People's Bible Commentary
Biblioteca teológica Concordia
Other Commentaries
Professional & Academic
Luther's Works
Chemnitz's Works
Gerhard’s Theological Commonplaces
Walther’s Works
Exegetical Theology
Historical Theology
Practical Theology
Systematic Theology
Preaching & Homiletics
Devotions
Devotions Shop All
Devotion & Prayer Books
Treasury of Daily Prayer
Lutheran Book of Prayer
Little Visits
Blessings and Prayers
Daily Devotion Books
Family Devotions
Prayer Books
Seasonal Devotions
PrayNow App
Periodical Devotions
Portals of Prayer
Today's Light
Strength for the Day
My Devotions
Happy Times
All New
Portals of Prayer
Daily devotions that have been a favorite of generations of readers.
View >
All New
Today's Light
A daily Bible reading guide in a quarterly magazine.
View >
Education
Education Shop All
Catechism / Confirmation
Luther's Small Catechism
Concordia: The Lutheran Confessions
Lutheranism 101
Enduring Faith Confirmation Curriculum
Other Confirmation Curriculum
Basics of Christianity
Confirmation Builder
Lutheran Confessions
The Essential Lutheran Library
Religion Curriculum
One in Christ
Learning about Sex
Bible History Curriculum
Books for Educators
Christian Character Connection
Classroom Helps
Concordia Curriculum Guide
Discovery Works
Hero of Faith
Homeschool
Little Lambs
Luther & the Reformation
Lutheran High School Religion Series
Teacher Resources
Voyages
Sunday School / Midweek
Enduring Faith Bible Curriculum
Growing in Christ
Cross Explorations
Summer Sunday School
Bible Story Posters
Caminando con Jesús (Spanish Sunday School)
Children's Ministry
Christmas / Easter Programs
Church Year Connections
CrossTown
Director Resources
Jesus Company
VBS
God's Wonder Lab
Rainforest Explorers
Miraculous Mission
Splash Canyon
Spanish & Bilingual Programs
Youth Ministry
Youth Bible Studies
Books for Youth
Books for Youth Leaders
Music & Worship
Music & Worship Shop All
Service Planning
Lutheran Service Builder
Concordia Pulpit Resources
Creative Worship for the Lutheran Parish
PastoralCare App
Worship Planning Book
Books on Worship
Hymnals
Lutheran Service Book
One and All Rejoice
My First Hymnal
All God's People Sing
Lutheran Worship
The Lutheran Hymnal
Hymnal Supplement '98
¡Cantad al Señor! (Spanish Hymnal)
Music
Music Subscription
Advanced Music Search
Choral Music
Handbell Music
Organ Music
Piano Music
Liturgical Music
Songbooks
Books on Music
CDs
Music Catalog 2020
24 new choral pieces, 26 new keyboard pieces, and 12 new handbell pieces
View >
Church Supplies
Church Supplies Shop All
Worship Resources
Offering Envelopes
Every Sunday Bulletin Series
Ecclesia Clergy Shirts & Collars
Communion Supplies
Automatic Shipment Programs
Banners
Baptism Supplies
Bulletin Inserts
Candles
Certificates
Children's Bulletins
Church Administration
Church Décor
Clergy Crosses
Communion & Altar Ware
Communion Sets
Paraments
Special Occasion Bulletins
Usher Supplies
Vestments
Church Software
Church360° Members
Church360° Unite
Church360° Ledger
Shepherd's Staff
MemberCaller
e-Giving
Outreach
Every One His Witness
A Simple Explanation
A Biblical Response
Evangelism
Gifts
Outdoor Signs
Tracts
LCMS Publications
Lutheran Witness
The Lutheran Annual
CTCR Documents
Synodical Conventions
Witness, Mercy, Life Together
Partners
Bethesda Lutheran Communities
Kloria Publishing
Lutheran Friends of the Deaf
Lutheran Women's Missionary League
Lutherans for Life
All New
A Simple Explanation Series
Pocket-size booklets on a range of subjects.
View >
Skip main content and go to side navigation
About CPH
Privacy Notice
Print
Share
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
This Privacy Policy applies to Concordia Publishing House (“CPH”) owned and operated websites and its subdomains (“Sites”). CPH (“we,” or “us”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by CPH when you access the Sites (including through the websites of our partners), how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also applies to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. The use of information collected through our Sites shall be limited to the purposes under this Privacy Policy and our terms of service to customers.
Information We Collect.
(a) We may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your full name, address, phone number, email address, or similar, when you register for an account. If you choose to purchase a product from us, we or our third-party payment processors will collect your payment information. We also may collect data through our partners on their websites or mobile applications. When you visit such websites or mobile applications, we may receive certain information about you as described below. We do send promotional emails and we may send you service related emails related to your account. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may opt out of them at privacy@cph.org.
(b) Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by CPH and our partners (such as advertising, marketing and analytics), affiliates, or service providers. These technologies may be used in analyzing trends, administering the Sites, tracking users’ movements around the Sites and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by such companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. Our partners may also use such technologies to deliver advertisements to you as described below. We use cookies to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Sites, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Sites may be limited
(c) We are headquartered in the United States of America.  Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers elsewhere in the world. By providing us with personal information, you consent to this transfer. If you wish to opt-out, you can do so at cph.org/consent.
(d) Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile application each time you access our Sites. For example, when you access our Sites, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your operating system, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and other such information. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
(e) CPH also provides various web-based products or platforms for churches, schools and other entities (“Entity” or “Entities”) to license or purchase which are hosted by CPH (“CPH Web Products”), but remain under the direct control of Customers. Information may be collected by such Entities using CPH Web Products, over which CPH has no control. Individuals seeking to access or correct, amend or delete inaccurate data on CPH Web Products should direct his or her query directly with the Entity who has collected that information.  For example, a church may collect personal information about members and input it into a church management software program licensed from CPH.  In the event an individual desires to access or correct, amend or delete such data, the individual should contact the church directly.
(f) An individual who is a current or former CPH customer who seeks access or wishes to correct, amend or delete data should direct queries to privacy@cph.org.
(g) We will retain and use your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services, as necessary to comply with our obligations under this privacy statement and at law, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and for backup purposes. CPH will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
How We Use Your Information.
We use the information that we collect to operate and maintain our Sites, send you marketing communications, and respond to your questions and concerns.
How We Share Your Information.
(a) Personally Identifiable Information: CPH will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of CPH (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers). Any personally identifiable information you elect to make publicly available on our Sites, such as posting comments on our blog page, will be available to others. If you remove information that you have made public on our Sites, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of our Sites, or if other users have copied or saved that information. Some of our services are managed by a third party application that may require you to register to use or post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if you want the personal information that was posted removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.
(b) Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) to assist CPH in improving its Sites’ operation and performance and to help serve customers better.
(c) Instances Where We Are Required To Share Your Information: CPH will disclose your information where required to do so by law, if subject to subpoena or other legal proceeding or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our terms of service or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of CPH, our users or others.
(d) Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting: We partner with third parties to display advertising on our Sites and to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools (to learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org). If you access the CPH Service or Sites on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings.
Storage and Processing.
We collect information globally and primarily store that information in the United States.  We transfer, process and store your information outside your country of residence, wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purposes of providing you the services.  You agree that CPH may store and process personal date in the United States of America and any other country where CPH or its third-party service providers maintain facilities. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps necessary to protect it.
How We Protect Your Information.
CPH is concerned with protecting your privacy and data, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to CPH or guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our industry standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at privacy@cph.org.
We use an outside a credit card processing company to process your payment if you purchase goods or services from CPH.
CPH complies with the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC framework starting on May 25, 2018 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) starting on May 25, 2018 as set forth by the European Union regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland.
Compromise of Personal Information.
In the event that personal information is compromised as a breach of security, CPH will promptly notify our affected customers in compliance with applicable law.
Our Choices About Your Information.
For current CPH customers, you can review, correct, update or delete inaccuracies to the information about you that CPH keeps on file by logging into your account to update your password and billing information. Alternately (and for former CPH customers), you can contact us directly at privacy@cph.org.  We will acknowledge your request and handle it promptly. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Children’s Privacy.
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Concordia Publishing House is committed to compliance with applicable laws governing the protection of children's data, such as the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). For that reason, CPH does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@cph.org.
Notification Procedures.
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Sites, as determined by CPH in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Web Sites.
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the CPH Sites, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the CPH Sites to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
Social Media Widgets:
Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and other widgets that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the organization providing it.
Contests and Surveys:
CPH occasionally offers contests.  The full rules for our contests are clearly posted during each contest.  The personal information that is gathered through a contest is used only by us to verify user identity and to contact winners and/or prize recipients.
CPH may, from time to time, invite you to participate in online surveys.  The information requested in these surveys may include, but is not limited to, your opinions, beliefs, insights, ideas, activities, experience, purchase history, and purchase intent regarding products, events and services.  The information collected by these surveys is used to research market trends, church trends, ministry growth, congregation and community needs.  Your input will help us to improve customer experience, shape new product development, equip church ministry effectiveness and enhance products for your spiritual growth and experience.
Ownership of Feedback:
CPH welcomes your comments and feedback regarding our Sites. All information and materials submitted to us through our Sites or otherwise, such as any comments, feedback, ideas, questions, designs, data or the like, but not content (collectively, "Feedback"), will be considered NON-CONFIDENTIAL and NON-PROPRIETARY with regard to you, but CPH reserves the right to treat any such Feedback as the confidential information of CPH. For this reason, we ask you not to send us any information or materials that you do not wish to assign to us, including, without limitation, any confidential information or any original creative materials such as product ideas, computer code, or original artwork.
By submitting Feedback to CPH through our Sites or elsewhere, you assign to us, free of charge, all worldwide rights, title and interest in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Feedback you submit. CPH will be entitled to use any Feedback you submit to it, and any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any such Feedback, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services using such Feedback without restriction and without compensating you in any way.
You are responsible for the information and other content contained in any Feedback you submit to us, including, without limitation, their truthfulness and accuracy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
All changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. When we change the policy in a material manner, we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the ‘effective date’ at the top of this page. Continued use of the Sites following any such changes means you accept and will abide by these changes.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Sites, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at privacy@cph.org, or send mail to:   Concordia Publishing House, Attn: Privacy Policy, 3558 S. Jefferson Ave., St. Louis, MO 63118
We want to hear from you. Give us feedback on this page.
Go back to main content | Go back to main navigation
Customer Service
Contact Us
Pay Invoice Online
Bookstore Location & Hours
Email Preferences
Exam Copy Request
FAQ
Shopping Tools
Wish List
Gift Cards
Gift Registries
Online Catalogs
Print Catalogs
Express Order
Quick Order Forms
Our Company
About Us
President & CEO
Awards & Certifications
Careers & Internships
Concordia Gospel Outreach
Newsroom
Sign up for CPH Emails
Get Connected
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
Youtube
Vimeo
Our Distribution Partners
The Lutheran Church—Missouri Synod (LCMS)
Lutheran Women in Misson (LWML)
Bethesda Disability Ministry Resources
Lutheran Friends of the Deaf
Kloria Publishing
Other Lutheran Partners +
Concordia Plan Services
Concordia University System
Concordia Historical Institute
Concordia Historical Institute Quarterly
Lutheran Center for Religious Liberty
International Lutheran Council
Lutheran Church Extension Fund
Lutheran Education Association
Lutheran Federal Credit Union
Lutheran Hour Ministries
Lutheran Public Radio
LCMS Foundation
Issues, Etc.
KFUO
Content Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Copyrights & Permissions
Copyright © 2020 Concordia Publishing House. All rights reserved.
Currency:USD (US Dollar)CAD (Canadian Dollar)
Print on Demand Shipping Information
Shipping within the United
States
Shipping rates are determined by total amount of
your POD order. Please refer to the grid below:
POD Item Total
Shipping cost
0 - $20
$5
$20 - $50
$7
$50 - $100
$10
$100 - $250
9% of POD Item total
$250 - $500
8% of POD Item total
$500 - $1000
7% of POD Item total
> $1000
6% of POD Item total
Shipping to Canada
A flat shipping fee of $15.00
will be applied to your order.
Shipping outside the United
States or Canada
If you are a customer outside
the U.S. or Canada, please indicate which shipping method you prefer in the
“Order Notes” field on the My Cart page. Your shipping options include:
Non-Trackable
Shipping: A flat shipping fee of $15.00 will be applied to your order.
Trackable Shipping:
A flat shipping fee of $120.00 will be applied to your order.