http://www.dioceseoftrenton.org/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Our Bishop
Bishop David M. O'Connell, C.M.
Coat of Arms
Office of the Bishop
Episcopal Vicars
Vocation to the Priesthood
The Shepherd's Voice
Former Bishops
Homilies
Essays and Messages
Pastoral Writings
Bishop's Videos & Podcasts
Former Bishops
OUR DIOCESE
A Commitment to Serve
Bishop David M. O'Connell, C.M.
About Us
We Believe
Our Mission
Pastoral Planning
Retreat Houses
Our History
What it Means to be Catholic
The Statutes of the Fourth Synod of the Diocese of Trenton
Our Diocese Today
Our Cathedral
Our Co-Cathedral
Diocesan Structures
State of the Diocese
Our Offices & Departments
Our Ministries
Chancery Staff
Catholic Education
Catholic Schools
Catechesis
Catholic Cemeteries
Contact Us
Growing in Faith
Catholic Schools
Adult Faith Formation
Youth Ministry
Young Adult Ministry
R.C.I.A.
Supporting our Mission
Annual Catholic Appeal
Time, Talent & Treasure
Faith to Move Mountains
We Journey Together
Employment
Multicultural Resources
Media & Events
Special Celebrations
Building Strong Marriages
Pastoral Care
Find a Parish
Lay Associations
Our Diocese Today
We Are Called
Faith in Our Future
Ministry of Vocations
The Priesthood
The Diaconate
Consecrated Life
Helping Those in Need
Parish Leader Webinars
Welcome Home
Married Life
OUR FAITH
What we teach
Our Faith
Faith at Home
Catechesis
R.C.I.A.
The Church Year
Advent
Christmas
Lent
Lenten guidelines
Lenten Video Series
24 Hours for the Lord
Holy Week & Easter
Respect Life Ministry
Death & Faith
How we share the faith
Worship
Evangelization
Pre-Cana
Marriage Strengthening Initiative
Serving Others
Discover the Faith
Volunteer in Jail & Prison
The Monitor
Faith in Life
Our Prayer Life
A Family of Faith
Young Adults
Youth Ministry
Our Diocese Today
The Word of God
Lectio Divina | Lecturas Del Día
Catching the Word
Life in the Parish
Sacraments
Religious Education
Serve in Your Parish
Volunteer
Involved in the Faith
Special Celebrations
A Parish Near You
How Can We Help?
I need help with...
Employment
Planning a Catholic Marriage
Basic Needs: Food, Clothing, Shelter
Finding a Mental Health Counselor
End-of-Life Preparations
Dealing with Grief
A Troubled Marriage
Healing After My Divorce
Immigration Services
School Tuition Assistance
I have a question about...
The Priesthood
Doubts in my faith
Coronavirus
COVID-19 Emergency Fund
Stories of Hope
Pandemic Directives
Joining the Catholic Church
Parish Membership
Sacramental Records
Bringing Marriage into Church
Respect Life Ministry
Sponsor or Godparent
Annulments
Reporting Abuse
Please help me find...
Office, Department or Ministry
Parish
School
Advanced Directives
Catholic Cemetery
Campus MInistry
Retreat House
Parish Counseling Services
Support Groups
Social Services
Still Have Questions?
Ask a Question
GET INVOLVED
Office of Missions
The Missions
Issues & Advocacy
Justice, Life & Faith Issues
Advocacy
The Monitor
Caring for Others
Catholic Social Services
Advocacy
Pastoral Care
Catholic Seniors
Jail and Prison Ministry
Respect Life Ministry
Hurricane Relief
Diocesan Calendar
Our Diocese Today
Parish Marriage Ministry
Diocesan Pilgrimage
Special Celebrations
Volunteer
Pray
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
701 Lawrenceville Road Trenton, New Jersey, 08648
Chancery Hours Monday - Friday: 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Saturday & Sunday: CLOSED
Call : (609) 406-7400 website@dioceseoftrenton.org
The maximum number of form submissions has been reached. This form is currently not available.
First Name
REQUIRED
Please fill out this field.
Please enter valid data.
Last Name
REQUIRED
Please fill out this field.
Please enter valid data.
City
REQUIRED
Please fill out this field.
Please enter valid data.
State
REQUIRED
AK
AL
AR
AS
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
GU
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MH
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
PW
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VI
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
Please fill out this field.
Zip
REQUIRED
Please fill out this field.
Please enter a zip code.
How Can We Help You?
REQUIRED
Please fill out this field.
Email
REQUIRED
Please fill out this field.
Please enter an email address.
Submit
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Diocese of Trenton respects your privacy, and uses its best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of our users. Any information that we collect is used for improving the quality of our website content and user friendliness for a better user experience.
For visitors on our website we collect:
The email address and personal information from the visitors who communicate with us via email.
Aggregate (General Tracking) information about pages that users visit on our site.
User specific information about pages that users visits on our site.
Any information given to us by users that contact us via inquiry form, survey, etc.
The Diocese does not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily and knowingly submit such information to us. Any personal information you provide to us (by filling out a survey or registration form or sending us an e-mail message, for example). including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of Diocese of Trenton.
The Diocese of Trenton may share personally identifiable information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the Diocese of Trenton rights or property, other Diocesan users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. The Diocese of Trenton may share personally identifiable information when the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it or we are required to by law.
Social Media Policy and Resource Guide
Published by the diocesan Office of Communications in consultation with the 2015 Committee for Digital Media and the New Evangelization, Nov. 11, 2015.
Download Social Media Policy & Resource Guide.pdf
Copyright Information
All materials posted on this site are owned by the Diocese of Trenton and subject to copyright. All rights reserved. The names, trademarks, service marks, and logos of the Diocese of Trenton appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity without the Diocese of Trenton’s prior express written permission. To obtain permission please contact the Office of Communications at 609-403-7188 or rbenne@dioceseoftrenton.org.
Information Accuracy
The Diocese of Trenton makes every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. However, if inaccuracies occur, the Diocese of Trenton will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about the Diocese of Trenton ‘s Internet Policy please e-mail us at website@dioceseoftrenton.org or write to:
Diocese of Trenton 701 Lawrenceville Road Trenton, NJ 08648
Disclaimer: The materials on this site are provided “AS IS” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law. The Diocese of Trenton disclaims all warranties or merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Diocese of Trenton does not warrant that the functions contained in the material will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Diocese of Trenton does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of or the result of the use of the material in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
Links to Third Party Sites
This web site contains some hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than the Diocese of Trenton. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. The diocese does not control such websites and is not responsible for their contents. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these websites or any association with their operators.
Credit Card Information
The Diocese of Trenton accepts payments for event registrations and/or donations through our web site. We make every effort to protect the safety and security of your transaction. We use high-grade encryption and the https security protocol to communicate with your browser software. This method is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it extremely difficult for anyone else to intercept the credit card information you send to us.
For donation questions, call (609) 403-7128 or email develop@dioceseoftrenton.org. Information is provided on our Department of Development donations page for those who wish to make contributions online, by mail or phone.
Refund Policy
The Diocese of Trenton’s refund policy will be determined according to each office and/or event. We will do our best to serve you. In the event you require a refund, please contact the Diocesan department handling the registration fees or donation.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows Diocese of Trenton to recognize you each time you visit this site (customization etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and Diocese of Trenton does not use cookies to collect personal information.
Managing your Information
The Diocese of Trenton strives to respect any decision you may make concerning the collection and subsequent use of your information. You may receive information while accessing this web site via dioceseoftrenton.org or a third party. With your use of dioceseoftrenton.org and its affiliated sites (trentonmonitor.com, realfaithtv.com and reimagefilmfestival.com, parish websites and other websites), you consent to the use of your personal information by the Diocese of Trenton in the manner specified within our Privacy Policy.
Deleting Information
If at any time you wish to stop receiving certain types of information, you can elect to do so by sending an email to the Diocesan office or department that sent the email, or you may email website@dioceseoftrenton.org, just be sure to forward the email you received from the Diocese that we can better serve your request. Unfortunately, the Diocese may not be able to delete other types of information, such as aggregate or stored information.
Additional Points
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to the Diocese of Trenton and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition, other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through Diocese of Trenton have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies. The Diocese does not direct its web site to children under thirteen (13) years of age. Individuals under eighteen (18) should consult with their parent or guardian about the use of this site for their benefit. Visit the Office of Child and Youth Protection page for more information.
Updates to Our Polices
The dioceseoftrenton.org privacy policy is effective as of January 1, 2011. The Diocese of Trenton reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Any changes to the privacy policy of dioceseoftrenton.org will be posted here in our privacy policy page. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
By using this site, you give your assent to the Diocese of Trenton Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of the dioceseotrenton.org following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If you have questions or concerns regarding this website’s privacy statement, you should first contact the Diocese of Trenton at website@dioceseoftrenton.org.
Restriction of Liability
The Diocese of Trenton will not be liable for any damages or injury caused by, including but not limited to, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation of transmission, computer virus, or line failure. The Diocese of Trenton will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site or a site which is linked to this site, even if there is negligence on the part of the Diocese of Trenton or an authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or both. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. The Diocese of Trenton total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence), or otherwise will not be greater than the amount you paid to access this site.