https://www.wittkieffer.com/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
Practices
Healthcare
Education
Life Sciences
Academic Medicine and Health Sciences
Information Technology
Not-for-Profit
Legal and Compliance
Services
Senior-Level Executive Search
Mid-Level Executive Search
Global Executive Search
Interim Leadership
LeaderVerse
Board Services
Consultants
Resources
Articles and Insights
Blog
Executive Guides
Podcasts and Videos
Research Reports
About Us
Why WittKieffer
Leadership
Careers
News
Events
Search for:
Candidate Portal
Search Open Positions
Featured Placements
Contact Us
Home / Privacy and Cookies Policy
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Overview – the key information you should be aware of
(A) Who we are: We are WittKieffer, a global firm providing executive search services and leadership solutions to organizations that improve the quality of life in the specialized practice areas of healthcare, life sciences, higher education, academic medicine and health sciences, information technology, legal and compliance, and not-for-profit industries (the “Services”).
If you are based in the European Union (the “EU”), WittKieffer International Limited is the controller of your personal information, and is responsible for your personal information. If you need it, WittKieffer International Limited is registered in England and our company number is 09346593 and our registered office is 71 Queen Victoria Street, London, England,EC4V 4BE. Our data protection officer can be contacted by email at privacy@wittkieffer.com.
All references in this policy to “WittKieffer”, “Witt/Kieffer”, “W/K”, “our”, “us” or “we” refer to Witt/Kieffer Inc. (if you are based in the US), Witt/Kieffer International Limited (if you are based in the EU), or our group companies, as appropriate. All references in this policy to “our website”, refer to the website owned by WittKieffer at www.wittkieffer.com.
(B) Our values and what this policy is for: We value your privacy and want to be accountable and fair to you as well as transparent with you in the way that we collect and use your personal information. We also want you to know your rights in relation to your information which you can find in section 6.
In line with these values, this privacy policy tells you what to expect when we collect and use personal information about you. We have tried to make it easy for you to navigate so you can find the information that is most relevant to you and our relationship with you.
We are always looking to improve the information we provide to our clients and contacts so if you have any feedback on this privacy policy, please let us know using our contact details in section 13.
(C) Who this policy applies to: This policy applies to:
1. Visitors to our website;
2. Clients, and employees of clients;
3. Candidates and potential candidates;
4. Employees and potential employees;
5. Referees or persons that provide a view or opinion on any candidate;
6. Prospective clients (to whom we send marketing communications);
7. People who contact us with inquiries; and
8. Our suppliers, and employees of our suppliers.
Depending on our relationship, we will collect and use your information in different ways. Please click on the links above to find out the information that we collect about you and how we use this information.
(D) What this policy contains: This privacy policy describes the following important topics relating to your information (you can click on the links to find out more):
1. How we obtain your personal information;
9. Collection of your personal information and how we use it;
10. Our legal basis for using your personal information;
11. How and why we share your personal information with others;
12. How long we store your personal information;
13. Your rights;
14. Children;
15. Marketing;
16. Where we may transfer your personal information;
17. Risks and how we keep your personal information secure;
18. Links to other websites;
19. Changes to this privacy policy; and
20. Further questions and how to make a complaint.
(E) Your rights to object: If you are based in the EU, you have various rights in respect of our use of your personal information as set out in section 6. Two of the fundamental rights to be aware of are that:
1. you may ask us to stop using your personal information for direct-marketing purposes. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose.
21. you may ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our, or another person’s, legitimate interest. You can find out more information in section 6.
(F) What you need to do and your confirmation to us: Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand how we handle your personal information. By engaging with us in the ways set out in this privacy policy, you confirm that you have read and understood the entirety of this privacy policy, as it applies to you.
The detail – the key information you should be aware of
How we obtain your personal information
1.1 You may provide us with your personal information voluntarily, for example, when you contact us requesting our Services or applying for a vacancy. We may also receive information about you from third parties such as clients, candidates, job databases, our suppliers, contractors and consultants, group companies, public websites and public agencies, which we refer to as”third party sources” or “suppliers” throughout this policy.
1.2 You may give us personal information about yourself by using the online forms provided on our website, setting up an account with us on our candidate portal, or by contacting us by phone, email or other means. This includes, for example, where you provide your personal information to us in order to receive Services from us. If you are a supplier, you may also give us personal information about you when you are offering or providing services to us.
2. Collection of your personal information and how we use it
Please go to the section or sections below that best describes our relationship with you to find out the information that we collect about you and how we use this information. We refer to this as “personal information” throughout this policy.
2.1 Visitors to our website
(a)What personal information we collect about you
(i)We, or third parties on our behalf, collect and use the following information created and recorded automatically when you visit our website:
(A)Technical information. This includes: the Internet Protocol (IP)address used to connect your computer to the internet address; the website address and country from which you access information; the files requested; browser type and version; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system; and platform. We use this personal information to administer our website, to measure the efficiency of our systems and to undertake an analysis on the locations from which people access our webpages;
(B)Information about your visit and your behavior on our website(for example, the pages that you click on). This includes the website you visit before and after visiting our website (including date and time), time and length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and information provided when requesting further service or downloads; and
(ii)We, or third parties on our behalf, collect and use the following information submitted by you when you register on our website, complete a survey, discussion forums (including but not limited to message boards, chat rooms, comment boxes and/or news groups that may be available from time to time):
(A) your name and title;
(B) your job title and position description;
(C) your postal address;
(D) your email address;
(E) your telephone and/or fax number;
(F) information provided when you correspond with us;
(G) any updates to information provided to us; and 3
(H) any other information requested in the form that you may submit to us.
(b) How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
(i) to allow you to access and our website;
(ii) for improvement and maintenance of our website and to provide technical support for our website;
(iii) to ensure the security of our website;
(iv) to recognize you when you return to our website, to store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customize the website according to your individual interests;
(v) to evaluate your visit to the website and prepare reports or compile statistics to understand the type of people who use our website, how they use our website and to make our website more intuitive. Such details will be anonymized as far as reasonably possible and you will not be identifiable from the information collected;
(vi) respond to any inquiry that you send to us; and
(vii) provide you with our Services.
Please see sections 2.9 and 2.10 for more details about how we use your personal information.
(c) A word about cookies
(i) Some pages on our website use cookies, which are small files placed on your internet browser when you visit our website. We use cookies in order to offer you a more tailored experience in the future, by understanding and remembering your particular browsing preferences.
(ii) Where we use cookies on our website, you may block these at any time. To do so, you can activate the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our website or to use all the functionality provided through our website.
(iii) For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please refer to our cookies policy here.
2.2 Clients, and employees of clients
(a) What personal information we collect about you
We, or third parties on our behalf, collect and use any of the following information submitted by you:
(i) your name and title;
(ii) your job title and position description;
(iii) your postal address;
(iv) your email address;
(v) your telephone and/or fax number;
(vi) information provided when you correspond with us;
(vii) any updates to information provided to us;
(viii) information about the Services we provide to you:
(A) information needed to provide the Services to you;
(B) client services information; and
(C) client relationship management and marketing information;
(ix) health and safety information, including any accidents you have at one of our properties;
(x) CCTV recordings, if you visit one of our sites; and
(xi) information you provide to help us provide you with improved service, for example if we ask you to fill in a survey or questionnaire.
(b) How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
(i) to provide you with our Services, including but not limited to conducting recruitment assignments and providing leadership solutions;
(ii) to deal with any inquiries or issues you have about our Services that you request from us;
(iii) to send you certain communications (including by email or post) about ourServices such as administrative messages (for example, setting out changes to our terms and conditions and keeping you informed about our fees and charges);
(iv) to ensure your safety and security and that of others, by the use of CCTV;
(v) to carry out statistical analysis and market research on people who may be interested in our Services;
(i) if it is in our legitimate interests for business development and marketing purposes, to contact you (including by telephone or post) with information about our Services or the products and services of our suppliers which either you request, or which we feel will be of interest to you; and
(vi) if you are a sole trader or a non-limited liability partnership and if you have consented, to contact you by email with information about our Services or the 5 products and services of our suppliers which either you request, or which we feel will be of interest to you.
Please see sections 2.9 and 2.10 for more details about how we use your personal information.
(c) Source of personal information. We will receive your personal information from your employer when providing leadership solutions. We may receive some of your personal information from third parties, such as public sources, licensed databases and professional social networks, such as LinkedIn.
(d) Special categories of data. We do not collect special categories of data.
2.3 Candidates and potential candidates
(a) What personal information we collect about you
We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
(i) your name;
(ii) your postal address;
(iii) your email address;
(iv) your telephone and/or fax number;
(v) your age;
(vi) your gender;
(vii) your citizenship;
(viii) in the US, your religion;
(ix) in the US, your marital status;
(x) in the US, your veteran status (if any);
(xi) your curriculum vitae and/or any other biographical summary;
(xii) your employment history, professional experiences, education history, professional certifications, professional memberships and language capabilities;
(xiii) in the US, to the extent required and/or permitted by local laws, your current compensation information;
(xiv) your photograph where it is publicly available or available to us through a licensed database or professional social network;
(xv) information provided when you correspond with us and are interviewed by us;
(xvi) any updates to information provided to us; 6
(xvii) information needed to provide the Services to you (including information on joining forms, application forms and background checks);
(xviii) in the US, information about your health and wellbeing, including but not limited to any disability;
(xix) health and safety information, including any accidents you have at one of our properties;
(xx) CCTV recordings, if you visit one of our sites; (xxi)information you provide to help us provide you with improved service, for example if we ask you to fill in a survey or questionnaire; and
(xxii) any other information that may be required for the purpose of recruiting you for a specific vacancy, including but not limited to your relocation preferences and requirements and your spouse and children.
(b)How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
(i) to provide you with our Services;
(ii) to contact you with details of a vacancy and in the course of conducting our recruiting assignments;
(iii) to provide information to our clients in the course of conducting our recruiting assignments;
(iv) to deal with any inquiries or issues you have about our Services;
(v) to send you certain communications (including by email or post) about our Services such as administrative messages (for example, setting out changes to our terms and conditions);
(vi) to ensure your safety and security and that of others, by the use of CCTV;
(vii) to carry out statistical analysis and market research on people who may be interested in our Services; and
(viii) if it is in our legitimate interests for business development and marketing purposes, to contact you (including by telephone or post) with information about our Services or the products and services of our suppliers which either you request, or which we feel will be of interest to you.
Please see sections 2.9 and 2.10 for more details about how we use your personal information.
(c) Source of personal information. In the course of conducting recruitment assignments for clients, we may be provided with your personal information. We may receive some of your personal information from third parties, such as those recommending you for a vacancy or professional social networking websites, for example, LinkedIn.
(d) Special categories of data. In the EU, we do not collect special categories of data. If we are required to collect any special categories of personal data (for example, your 7 racial or ethnic origin, political affiliation or activities, religious or other beliefs, health or medical condition, union affiliation or activity, genetic or biometric data, sex life, sexual orientation or criminal background) from you as it is legally required, we will only collect such information provided voluntarily and use it with your consent. If you choose to not provide special categories of data to us, we may be unable to provide our Services to you and/or place you in a vacancy.
(e) Information we need to provide Services to you. We need certain types of personal information so that we can provide Services to you and perform contractual and other legal obligations that we have to you. If you do not provide us with such personal information, or if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access ourServices.
2.4 Employees and potential employees
(a) What personal information we collect about you if permitted by applicable law
We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
(i) your name;
(ii) your postal address;
(iii) your email address;
(iv) your telephone and/or fax number;
(v) your age;
(vi) your gender;
(vii) your citizenship;
(viii) your marital status;
(ix) in the US, your veteran status (if any);
(x) your curriculum vitae and/or any other biographical summary;
(xi) your employment history, professional experiences, education history, professional certifications, professional memberships and language capabilities;
(xii) in the US, to the extent required and/or permitted by local laws, your current compensation information;
(xiii) your photograph where it is publicly available or available to us through a licensed database or professional social network;
(xiv) information provided when you correspond with us and are interviewed by us;
(xv) any updates to information provided to us; (xvi)information needed to provide the Services to you (including information on joining forms, application forms and background checks);8
(xvii) in the US, information about your health and wellbeing, including but not limited to any disability;
(xviii) health and safety information, including any accidents you have at one of our properties;(xix)CCTV recordings, if you visit one of our sites;
(xx) information you provide to help us provide you with improved service, for example if we ask you to fill in a survey or questionnaire; and
(xxi) any other information that may be required for the purpose of recruiting or hiring you for a specific vacancy, including but not limited to banking and tax information, your relocation preferences and requirements and your spouse and children.
(b) How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above, if permitted by applicable law, for employment purposes including the following reasons:
(i) to consider you for employment opportunities;
(ii) to contact you with details of a vacancy and in the course of conducting our recruiting assignments;
(iii) to deal with any inquiries or issues you may have;
(iv) to send you certain communications (including by email or post) about our Services such as administrative messages (for example, setting out changes to our terms and conditions);
(v) to ensure your safety and security and that of others, by the use of CCTV;
(vi) to carry out statistical analysis and market research on people who may be interested in employment or our Services; and
(vii) if it is in our legitimate interests for business development and marketing purposes, to contact you (including by telephone or post) with information about employment, our Services or the products and services of our suppliers which either you request, or which we feel will be of interest to you.
Please see sections 22.9 and 22.10 for more details about how we use your personal information.
(c) Source of personal information. In the course of recruiting or hiring you for a position, we may receive some of your personal information from third parties, such as those recommending you for a vacancy or professional social networking websites, for example, LinkedIn.
(d) Special categories of data. In the EU, we do not collect special categories of data. If we are required to collect any special categories of personal data (for example, your racial or ethnic origin, political affiliation or activities, religious or other beliefs, health or medical condition, union affiliation or activity, genetic or biometric data, sex life, sexual orientation or criminal background) from you as it is legally required, we will only collect such information provided voluntarily and use it with your consent. If you choose to not provide special categories of data to us, we may be unable to provide our employment opportunities to you.
(e) Information we need to provide Services to you. We need certain types of personal information for employment purposes and to perform contractual and other legal obligations that we have to you. If you do not provide us with such personal information, or if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be eligible for employment opportunities.
2.5 Referees or persons that provide a view or opinion on any candidate
(a) We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
(i) your name including your title;
(ii) your job title;
(iii) your postal address;
(iv) your email address;
(v) your telephone and/or fax number; and.
(vi) information provided when you correspond with us.
(b) How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the purpose of:
(i) conducting our recruiting assignments;
(ii) dealing with any issues you may have; and
(iii) corresponding with you.
(c) Source of personal information. We will receive your personal information from candidates.
(d) If you provide personal information to us about another person and we have not obtained that person’s permission, you represent that you have the authority to provide the information to us and permit us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
2.6 Prospective clients to whom we send marketing communications
(a) We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
(i) your name including your title;
(ii) your postal address;
(iii) your email address;
(iv) your telephone and/or fax number; and
(v) information about your preferences.
(b) How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above, if you have consented or, otherwise, if it is in our legitimate interests, for business development and marketing purposes, to contact you (including by telephone, email or post) with information about our Services which either you request, or which we feel will be of interest to you (including newsletters).
Please see sections 2.9 and 2.10 for more details about how we use your personal information.
(c) Source of personal information. We may receive some of your personal information from third parties, such as marketing agencies.
2.7 People who contact us with inquiries
(a) We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
(i) your name including your title;
(ii) your postal address;
(iii) your email address;
(iv) your telephone and/or fax number;
(v) information provided when you correspond with us; and
(vi) any updates to information provided to us.
(b) How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above to deal with any inquiries or issues you have about our Services, including any questions you may have about how we collect, store and use your personal information, or any requests made by you for a copy of the information we hold about you. If we do not have a contract with you, we may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests for client services purposes.
Please see sections 2.9 and 2.10 for more details about how we use your personal information.
2.8 Our suppliers, and employees of our suppliers
(a) We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
(i) your name including your title;
(ii) work contact information (phone number, fax number, postal address, mailing address, email address);
(iii) your job title;
(iv) information provided when you correspond with us;
(v) any updates to information provided to us;
(vi) personal information we collect about you from third party sources, including but not limited to professional social networking websites such as LinkedIn ;and
(vii) if you attend our sites, CCTV recordings.
(b) How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
(i) to enable us to purchase and receive products and services from you(including supplier due diligence, payment and expense reporting and financial audits);
(ii) to deal with inquiries from you; and
(iii) for CCTV monitoring and other security of company facilities.
Please see sections 2.9 and 2.10 for more details about how we use your personal information.
(c) Source of personal information. We may receive some of your personal information from third party sources, such as your employer or your employer’s company website.We may also collect this personal information from publicly available sources, including but not limited to professional social networking websites such as LinkedIn.
(d) Special categories of data. We do not collect special categories of data. If we are required to collect any special categories of personal data about you or which you provide to us about you or your employers provides to us (for example, information about physical and mental health, sexual orientation, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, philosophical belief, trade union membership and biometric data), we will only collect such information provided voluntarily to us by you or by your employer and use it with your consent.
2.9 Whatever our relationship with you is, we may also collect, use and store your personal information for the following additional reasons:
(a) to deal with any inquiries or issues you have about how we collect, store and use your personal information, or any requests made by you for a copy of the information we hold about you. If we do not have a contract with you, we may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests for client services purposes;
(b) for internal corporate reporting, business administration, ensuring adequate insurance coverage for our business, ensuring the security of company facilities, research and development, and to identify and implement business efficiencies. We may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests todo so;
(c) to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which apply to us – this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others to comply, as well as where we are legally required to do so; and
(d) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights – this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others, as well as where we are legally required to do so.
2.10 Further processing
Before using your personal information for any purposes which fall outside those set out in this section 2, we will undertake an analysis to establish if our new use of your personal information is compatible with the purposes set out in this section 2. Please contact us using the details in section 13 #further-questionsif you want further information on the analysis we will undertake.
3. Legal basis for use of your personal information
3.1 We consider that the legal bases for using your personal information as set out in this privacy policy are as follows:
(a) our use of your personal information is necessary to, in the US, provide the Services and, in the EU, perform our obligations under any contract with you (for example, to fulfill a recruiting assignment you request, to comply with the terms of use of our website which you accept by browsing our website, to comply with our contract to provide Services to or receive services from you or your employer and/or to comply with our candidate terms); or
(b) our use of your personal information is necessary for complying with our legal obligations (for example, for health and safety purposes); or
(c) where neither (a) nor (b) apply, use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (for example, to ensure the security of our website). Our legitimate interests are to:
(i) run, grow and develop our business and Services (as well as the businesses and Services of our group companies), including but not limited to providing you with information regarding opportunities, upcoming events, new services and general information about WittKieffer, products, services and thought leadership communications;
(ii) operate and improve our website and personalize the website experience that you receive;
(iii) respond to an inquiry from you or correspond with you in respect of such inquiry;
(iv) select appropriately skilled and qualified suppliers;
(v) ensure a safe environment for our employees, clients, candidates, guests and suppliers;
(vi) carry out marketing, market research and business development; and
(vii) for internal group administrative purposes.
If we rely on our (or another person’s) legitimate interests for using your personal information, we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the other person’s) legitimate interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of the personal information. If you are based in the EU, you can ask us for information on this balancing test by using the contact details at section 13.
3.2 We may process your personal information in some cases for marketing purposes on the basis of your consent (which you may withdraw at any time after giving it, as described below).
3.3 If you are based in the EU and we rely on your consent for us to use your personal information in a particular way, but you later change your mind, you may withdraw your consent by contacting us at privacy@wittkieffer.com and we will stop doing so. However, if you withdraw your consent, this may impact the ability for us to be able to provide our Services to you or receive services and products from you.
4. How and why we share your personal information with others
4.1 We may share your personal information with our group companies where you have requested us to do so (for example, to hire a candidate in another country or apply for a vacancy in another country) and/or it is in our legitimate interests to do so for internal administrative purposes (for example, for corporate strategy, compliance, auditing and monitoring, research and development and quality assurance).
4.2 We will share your personal information with the following third parties or categories of third parties:
(a) background check and reference agencies who provide you and/or our clients (a prospective employer) with background verification services. Such agencies may also share your personal information with us and/or our clients;
(b) our clients and candidates in the course of conducting our recruiting assignments;
(c) suppliers, including but not limited to Microsoft, Mimecast, Workflow International and, in the EU, Cheeky Munkey, which provide our systems and may access personal data stored within that solution when providing support and maintenance purposes;
(b) our other service providers and sub-contractors, including payment processors, utility providers, suppliers of technical and support services, insurers, logistic providers, and cloud service providers;
(c) companies that assist in our marketing, advertising and promotional activities; and
(d) analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our website.
4.3 Any third parties with whom we share your personal information are limited (by law and by contract) in their ability to use your personal information. If you are based in the EU, we will ensure that any third parties with whom we share your personal information are subject to privacy and security obligations consistent with this privacy policy and applicable laws.
4.4 We will also disclose your personal information to third parties:
(a) where it is in our legitimate interests to do so to run, grow and develop our business:
(i) if we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
(ii) if substantially all of our or any of our affiliates’ assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us will be one of the transferred assets;
(b) if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, any lawful request from government or law enforcement officials and as may be required to meet national security or law enforcement requirements or prevent illegal activity;
(c) in order to enforce or apply our terms of use, our terms and conditions for clients or any other agreement or to respond to any claims, to protect our rights or the rights of a third party, to protect the safety of any person or to prevent any illegal activity; or
(d) to protect the rights, property, or safety of WittKieffer, our staff, our clients or other persons. This may include exchanging personal information with other organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
4.5 We may also disclose and use anonymized, aggregated reporting and statistics about users of our website or our Services for the purpose of internal reporting or reporting to our group or other third parties, and for our marketing and promotion purposes. None of these anonymized, aggregated reports or statistics will enable our users to be personally identified.
4.6 Save as expressly detailed above, we will never share, sell or rent any of your personal information to any third party without notifying you and, where necessary, obtaining your consent. If you have given your consent for us to use your personal information in a particular way, but later change your mind, you should contact us and we will stop doing so.
5. How long we store your personal information
We keep your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is processed. The length of time for which we retain personal information depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required for contractual purposes or to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
6.Your rights
6.1 If you are based in the EU, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at privacy@wittkieffer.com at any time. You have the following rights:
(a) Right of access. You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you. You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
(b) Right to update your information. You have a right to request an update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect. Please contact privacy@wittkieffer.com at any time with your updated information.
(c) Right to delete your information. You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances. You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in section 13.
We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the recipients are, using the contact details in section 13.
(d) Right to restrict use of your information: You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances. You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in section 13. We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the recipients are using the contact details in section 13.
(e) Right to stop marketing: You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose.
(f) Right to data portability: You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services. This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means.
(g) Right to object. You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
6.2 We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
6.3 If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
7.Children
7.1 You must be aged 18 or over to receive Services from us. Our website and Services are not directed at children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
7.2 If you are a child and we learn that we have inadvertently obtained personal information from you from our websites, or from any other source, then we will delete that information as soon as possible.
7.3 Please contact us at privacy@wittkieffer.com if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from a child.
8. Marketing
8.1 Clients and employees of clients:
(a) We may collect and use your personal information for undertaking marketing by email telephone and post. 16
(b) We may send you certain marketing communications (including electronic marketing communications) if it is in our legitimate interests to do so for marketing and business development purposes or, if you are a sole trader or a non-limited liability partnership if you have consented to receive such electronic marketing information.
(c) However, we will obtain your consent to direct marketing communications where we are required to do so by law and if we intend to disclose your personal information to any third party for such marketing.
8.2 Candidates:
(a) We may collect and use your personal information to communicate vacancies to you by email, telephone and post.
(b) We may send you certain marketing communications (including electronic marketing communications) if it is in our legitimate interests to do so for business development purposes, for example, to invite you to events or complete surveys.
(c) However, we will obtain your consent to direct marketing communications where we are required to do so by law and if we intend to disclose your personal information to any third party for such marketing.
8.3 If you wish to stop receiving marketing communications, you can contact us by email at privacy@wittkieffer.com or unsubscribe through the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email.
9. Where we may transfer your personal information
1.1 If you are based in the EU, your personal information may be used, stored and/or accessed by staff operating outside the EEA working for us, other members of our group or suppliers.Further details on to whom your personal information may be disclosed are set out in section
1.2 If we provide any personal information about you to any such non-EEA members of our group or suppliers, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this privacy policy. These measures may include:
(a) in the case of US based entities, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them, or ensuring they have signed up to theEU-US Privacy Shield (see further https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome); or
(b) in the case of entities based in other countries outside the EEA, entering intoEuropean Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them.
9.1 Further details on the steps we take to protect your personal information, in these cases is available from us on request by contacting us by email at privacy@wittkieffer.com at any time.
10. Risks and how we keep your personal information secure
10.1 The main risk of our processing of your personal information is if it is lost, stolen or misused.This could lead to your personal information being in the hands of someone else who may use it fraudulently or make public, information that you would prefer to keep private.
10.2 For this reason, WittKieffer is committed to protecting your personal information from loss, theft and misuse. We take all reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including through use of appropriate organizational and technical measures. For example, we train our staff, require third party suppliers to maintain reasonable security and confidentiality policies and practices to limit the use of personal data. We regularly review the risks posed to personal information by our processing activities.
10.3 In the course of provision of your personal information to us, your personal information may be transferred over the internet. Although we make every effort to protect the personal information which you provide to us, the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website and that any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorized access to it.
10.4 Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access your online account, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
10.5 We are not responsible for the privacy of any information that you may post or share on any public forum (for example, a message board, blog or personal page) on our website.
11. Links to other websites
Our website may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of such third-party websites or any association with their operators. This privacy policy only applies to the personal information that we collect or which we receive from third party sources, and we cannot be responsible for personal information about you that is collected and stored by third parties. Third party websites have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies, and you should read these carefully before you submit any personal information to these websites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept any responsibility or liability for the content of such third party websites or third party terms and conditions or policies.
12. Changes to our privacy policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by post or email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
13. Further questions and how to make a complaint
13.1 If you have any queries or complaints about our collection, use or storage of your personal information, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information, please contact privacy@wittkieffer.com. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any such complaint or dispute regarding the use or disclosure of your personal information.
13.2 If you would like to contact our data protection officer, please email privacy@wittkieffer.com.
13.3 You may also make a complaint to the data protection regulator in the country where you usually live or work, or where an alleged infringement of the relevant data protection legislation has taken place. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
The practices described in this privacy policy statement are current as of 27 June 2019.
WittKieffer Cookies Policy
Who we are:
We are WittKieffer, Inc. and WittKieffer International Limited. We are a global firm providing executive search services and leadership solutions to organizations that improve the quality of life in the specialized practice areas of healthcare, life sciences, higher education, academic medicine and not-for-profit industries
WittKieffer International Limited is based in England. Its company number is 09346593 and its registered office is 71 Queen Victoria Street, London, England, EC4V 4BE.All references in this policy to “WittKieffer”, “Witt/Kieffer”, “our”, “us” or “we” refer to Witt/Kieffer Inc. if you are based in the US and Witt/Kieffer International Limited if you are based in the European Union, or our group companies and suppliers which provide services to us, as appropriate.
All references in this policy to our “Website”, are a reference to the website owned by WittKieffer at www.wittkieffer.com. For information about how we collect and use personal data and our privacy practices, please see our privacy policy. If you have any questions in relation to this cookies policy or if you would like more information on the cookies that we use and their purposes, you can contact us by email at privacy@wittkieffer.com.
14. What are cookies and why do we use cookies?
14.1 Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or mobile phone (“device”)when you visit our Website. Cookies will collect information relating to your use of ourWebsite, information about your device such as IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you reached the Website through a third party website, which third party website directed you to the Website.
14.2 When you re-visit our Website, cookies allow our Website to recognize you, remember your preferences and tailor your use of the Website. Information provided by cookies can help us to analyze your use of our Website and help us to provide you with a better user experience.
14.3 Cookies are referred to as either “session” or “persistent” cookies, depending on how long they are used for:
(a) Session cookies only last for the duration of your online session and disappear from your device when you close your browser. Session cookies are not stored on the hard drive of your device.
(b) Persistent cookies are stored on the hard drive of your device after the browser has been closed and last until you delete them or they reach their expiration date.Persistent cookies are activated each time you visit the site where the cookie was generated.
14.4 For more information, please see www.allaboutcookies.org.
15. What types of cookies do we use?
15.1 The types of cookies that may be used on our Website fall into one of four categories as follows:
(a) ‘Strictly Necessary’ cookies. These cookies are essential for the operation of ourWebsite and enable you to access certain features. Without these cookies, we would be unable to provide you with the online services you request. These cookies do not track where you have been on the internet and do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes.
(b) Functional cookies. Functional cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our Website. They also remember your preferences (such as your username, language and region) on our Website and enable us to personalize our content for you. The information collected by these cookies is usually anonymized, so we cannot identify you personally. Functional cookies do not track your internet usage or gather information which could be used for selling advertising, but they do help with serving advertising.
(c) Analytical cookies. Analytical cookies are used to monitor the performance of ourWebsite. For example, they allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Website when they are using it. The information provided by these cookies allows us to analyze patterns of user behavior and we use that information to enhance user experience or identify areas of theWebsite which may require maintenance. All of the information collected by these cookies is anonymous and is only used for statistical purposes.
(d) Targeting cookies. These cookies may be placed on your device by us or by trusted third parties. They remember that you have visited our Website and use that information to provide you with advertising which is tailored to your interests. This is often called online behavioral advertising (OBA) and involves the monitoring of interests based upon web browsing history. Your web browsing history can be used to infer things about you (for example, your age, gender etc.), and this information may also be used to make advertising on websites more relevant to you. Although behavioral advertising cookies can track your activity around the internet, they cannot identify you personally, even if you are signed into our Website. Without these cookies, online advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests. If you would like more information about OBA, including how to opt-out of these cookies, please see section 5 below or visit www.youronlinechoices.com.
15.2 If you are based in the US, our emails may contain a link to track whether you open an email and if you click on any of the links in the email. We may use this information to help us analyze the types of topics that you are interested in.
16. Third party cookies
16.1 When you browse our Website some cookies may be set by third parties, over which we have no control. When you visit a page with embedded third party content, the service provider may set their own cookies on your device. You may also encounter third party cookies resulting from our use of third party services, which help us monitor traffic on our Website. We do not control the use of these cookies and you should refer to the relevant third party websites for more information.
16.2 We also use cookies from the following third parties, including analytics providers (such as Google Analytics), advertising technology providers and professional social networking websites such as LinkedIn.
17. How can I manage or disable cookies?
17.1 There are a number of ways for you to manage cookies. Your browser settings should allow you to accept or reject cookies and you can set your browser to prompt you before accepting a cookie.
17.2 You can delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. The various browsers provide different procedures to manage your settings. Click on any of the links below for instructions:
(a) Internet Explorer: windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows7/Block-enable-or-allow-cookies
(b) Google Chrome: /support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=95647&p=cpn_cookies
(c) Mozilla Firefox: /support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Blocking%20cookies
(d) Apple Safari: docs.info.apple.com/article.html?artnum=32467
17.3 Please be aware that if you set your browser to disable cookies entirely it may affect the way our Website operates and you may not be able to use certain features of our Website.
18. Further information
If you have any queries relating to this Cookie Policy please contact privacy@wittkieffer.com.
Last updated on 27 June 2019.21