http://www.school-survival.net/privacy.php
MENU
Hold your cursor over each link for a description.
Site Intro About/FAQ Forums What's New SS @ Twitter SS @ Facebook
ALTERNATIVES Wiki,
Unschooling,
Online Schooling,
Drop Out/GED...
STUFF TO READ Articles,
News,
Blog,
Books...
SURVIVAL KIT Protesting,
Pranks,
School Proxy...
FUN STUFF Jokes,
Poetry,
Art,
Stories...
COMMUNITY ALLIES CONTACT
Spread the word Get the Guide
QUOTE
"As long as the world shall last there will be wrongs, and if no man objected and no man rebelled, those wrongs would last forever." - Clarence Darrow
ALLIES
Alliance for Self-Directed Education
Alternatives to School
Emotional Intelligence
Youth Rights (US)
...more
Start Here
Intro
About
Articles
Contact
Get Help
Quitting School
Online School
Survival Kit
Entertainment
Books
Join Us
Facebook Group
@SchoolSurvival
Spread the word!
Visitor Survey
If you are stuck with abusive/unsupportive family members during coronavirus lockdown, you can join our Emotional Support Forums.
Privacy Policy
We won't give anyone any of your personal information, ever, unless they threaten us with legal action or something. This site uses cookies to keep you logged in and preferences like which site skin you chose, but it won't use any of that information to track you anywhere else. However, if you're not logged in on this site, you'll see ads on most pages. Those ads might use cookies to track you or do whatever it is they do with that information. They might record stuff like your IP, what browser you use and the date and time you accessed which pages. This is beyond our control. If you don't want that, you can either be sure to always be logged in, use some kind of ad-blocking plugin for your browser, or only allow certain sites to set cookies. Or all 3 :)
More about the ads:
Your PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google's own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, School Survival has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.Collection of Personal InformationWhen visiting School Survival, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party WebsitesWe have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy StatementThe contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
Save the internet!
If you have a website, you can help catch spammers (and block them, too).
LATEST BLOG POSTS
4 ways school traumatized me, and how I'm recoveringEvery Smack is a Humiliation - A Manifesto by Alice MillerMy Unschooling/Anti-School TestimonyTired of schoolDealing with difficult parents
CHANGE SITE SKIN
You can change the site design and colours to suit your tastes.
Most Visited Pages
School Pranks
Pranks On Teachers
Unblock Myspace
School Proxy
Online High School
School Fights
You alone are responsible for what you do with the information on this site, but please don't ever hurt yourself or anyone else, or break stuff. Use your brain and always listen to your conscience. Click for full disclaimer.
[disclaimer] [privacy] [spread the word]
:: Powered by NodaSite 1.43 ::
All articles etc. copyright to whoever wrote them. Please copy and distribute anything on this site, as long as you credit it to the author, and include a link to www.school-survival.net