https://www.cliffordchance.com/hubs/tech-group-hub/tech-group/tech-group-policy-unit.html
All
Choose a sector
All
People
Expertise
Publications
Alerters
News
Offices
Thought Leadership
Keywords
Submit search
Tech Group Home
Tech Group Leadership Team
Talking Tech
Ready, Steady, Grow: Building a sustainable tech strategy for the next decade
Our global Tech Policy Unit assists clients in preparing responses to consultations and in alerting clients to the implications of government proposals.
The regulation of the tech space is evolving rapidly as governments around the world grapple with the legal implications of developments in a range of areas from e-commerce and connected vehicles to artificial intelligence, blockchain, data privacy and cybersecurity.
Public consultations and policy papers play an essential role in the process of regulating in new and rapidly developing areas and they provide vital opportunities for organisations to provide input into the policy process.
The combination of tech, legal and policy expertise ensures that the responses are targeted, informed and effective. The public policy practice can also advise on the legal aspects of consultations, including possible legal challenges and statutory requirements.
Clifford Chance also regularly submits comments to UK and European Commission consultations in a variety of areas, including financial services, competition law, contract law and more.
Services include:
Monitoring legislative initiatives on tech from political parties, policy makers, governments and regulators
Drafting formal responses to consultation papers and monitoring consultation processes
Stakeholder and policy maker mapping
Drafting position papers and advocacy
Attending stakeholder engagement meetings
Preparing draft provisions of legislation or guidance
Hot topics
Antitrust
Blockchain
Ethics
Fintech
Policy
on Twitter
on Instagram
on Youtube
Follow the Tech Group
Client highlights
AFME
We are advising AFME on issues arising under the proposed replacement EU ePrivacy Regulation, in support of AFME discussions with the European Commission.
Leading telecomms equipment company
We are advising on the legislative review of 5G and cybersecurity laws across the 28 EU Member States.
AFME, UK Finance and IRSG
We are participating in discussions of the successive drafts of the EU GDPR, the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the related EU and UK guidance and in related lobbying initiatives at the European and UK levels.
Chinese consumer electronics manufacturer
A pan-European parliamentary and legislative monitoring programme of all relevant cyber security developments in key jurisdictions.
IATA and UK Department for Transport
We are advising on data privacy legal / policy issues to be considered in relation to the use of data in airport security systems.
Why Clifford Chance?
Tech policy is rapidly evolving as governments struggle to keep up with the pace of change in the tech sector. You need a truly global and cross-practice team of experts who are following tech policy developments at the strategic and detailed level. We will help you spot and take action on relevant policies.
Monitoring policy developments before they impact your business
Policy developments in the tech space often come from the most unexpected places. Regulation in this sector is not mature and predictable and will often come as a result of an immediate crisis or a desire for governments to be ahead of the curve.
Responding to consultations and calls for evidence
We can help you respond to consultations on tech policy issues to make sure that the complexities and interests of your businesses are properly understood by regulators and policymakers.
We can ensure that you engage in the policymaking process early, before decisions have been made, whilst policymakers may still open to multiple approaches.
Multidisciplinary approach, with dedicated industry focus
Future tech regulation will not just impact the headline areas like what it should be possible to do in the field of AI, but a wide range of issues including IP, data protection and the role and possible liability of individuals as well as organisations.
It is important to have a holistic understanding of what a particular proposal may have on your business, and to be able to explain the possible impact and consequences that policy interventions may have on businesses, the competitiveness of a particular country and the tech eco-system more broadly.
Global reach and regulator insight
We have experts wherever you need help. Policy developments in tech are currently fragmented and interventions in one country or jurisdiction (e.g. GDPR in the EU) may have an impact on a company's global operations. We can help you navigate those challenges.
Tech Group Policy Unit Horizon Scanner
The Tech Policy Unit Horizon Scanner is our monthly dive into the key tech policy and legislative developments around the world.
Sign up
Tech Policy Unit Team
move left
move right
PhillipSouta
DessislavaSavova
JonathanKewley
GailOrton
Meet the whole team
Phillip Souta
Head of UK Public Policy
London
+442070061097
Phillip
See my full profile
This needs to be dynamised
Dessislava Savova
Partner
Paris
+33144055483
Dessislava
See my full profile
This needs to be dynamised
Jonathan Kewley
Partner
London
+442070063629
Jonathan
See my full profile
This needs to be dynamised
Gail Orton
Head of EU Public Policy
Paris
+33144052429
Gail
See my full profile
This needs to be dynamised
Toolkits & Client Log-in
Global M&AToolkit
Financial MarketsToolkit
Talking TechInsights
Brexit HubInsights
Client Portal
Manage account and preferences
Bookmarks
Log-out