https://www.unison.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
UNISON National
Join UNISON
Get help
Member benefits
Regions
Cymru/Wales
East Midlands
Eastern
Greater London
North West
Northern
Northern Ireland
Scotland
South East
South West
West Midlands
Yorkshire and Humberside
My UNISON
Branch Finder
Quick contact details update
Other sites
British Sign Language
Skills for Schools
Digital
Stars In Our Schools
More UNISON
Search for:
Skip to content
the public service union
Get help now
Call us on 0800 0857 857
Email us
Follow us			Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Menu
Home
About
What we do
How we work
Governance
Jobs
Contact UNISON
News
Articles
General secretary’s blog
Magazine
Stay up to date
The public service data blog
Media centre
Events
Policy motions database
Conferences
Campaign events
Demonstrations and lobbies
Seminars and meetings
Campaigns
Where you work
Local government
Health
Education
Police & justice
Community
Water, env’t & transport
Energy
Private contractors
Regions
Get help
Support and services
Knowledge base
Online enquiries
Your rep
Legal
There for You
Professional registration
Get involved
Learning for you
In your workplace
Challenge discrimination
Grow the movement
Campaign for change
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions outline your obligations when accessing and using the UNISON website.
The UNISON website is provided by UNISON on the following terms:
Acceptance of terms
By using the UNISON website you are indicating that you accept these terms and conditions, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of the UNISON website.
If you do not agree to be bound by all of the following terms then you may not access, use and/or contribute to the UNISON website.
UNISON may change these terms of use from time to time and any revised version will be effective immediately that it is displayed on the UNISON website.
Your continued use of the UNISON website will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms.
If you do not agree to the changes you should cease using the UNISON website.
Your registration obligations and conduct
As a condition of using certain areas of the UNISON website you are required to register for a user “account” with a valid log-on ID and select a password.
You shall provide true, accurate, complete and updated registration information about yourself.
You agree to maintain and promptly update your account/registration information to keep it true, accurate, complete and current.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or UNISON has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, then UNISON has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the UNISON website (or any portion thereof).
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account details, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password and account.
Your account is non-transferable. You must not to sell or otherwise transfer your account details to another person.
You agree to immediately notify UNISON of any unauthorised use of your password or account or of any other breach of security, and also ensure that you exit the service at the end of each session.
As a condition of use you promise not to use the UNISON website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms of use or any other purpose not reasonably intended by UNISON.
Privacy policy
If you supply personal details to UNISON through the UNISON website then you consent to UNISON maintaining, recording, holding and using such personal data in accordance with its privacy policy .
Intellectual property rights
UNISON owns or is licensed to use all intellectual property rights in and to the UNISON website.
By using the UNISON website and information and documents (“materials”) contained on the UNISON website you undertake to ensure that the intellectual property rights of the copyright holder are not infringed.
Materials contained in the UNISON website may be downloaded, viewed and printed for personal non-commercial use only provided that no trademark, copyright or other proprietary notices contained in or appearing on such material are removed in whole or in part.
All other rights are reserved and users must seek UNISON’s permission before making any other use of material contained in the UNISON website
You agree not to reproduce, alter, amend or change the materials or reproduce any material in whole or in part and shall not allow any unauthorised user to have access by any means of any part of the materials.
Limitation of liability
Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure that the information on the UNISON website is accurate at the time of publication, it is subject to variation at any time without notice and UNISON does not give any warranty that any such information will be accurate or complete at any particular time or at all.
The UNISON website and any information or other material contained in it are made available strictly on the basis that you accept it on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Where you rely on any information or other material contained in it, you do so entirely at your own risk and you accept that all warranties, conditions and undertakings, express or implied, whether by common law or statute or otherwise in respect of the UNISON website are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
We exclude all liability whatever, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in respect of any loss or damage resulting or arising from any non-availability or use of the UNISON website or of any other website linked to it, or from reliance on the contents of the UNISON website or any material or content accessed through it.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you have the appropriate protection against viruses and other security arrangements in place whilst using the Internet.
Availability
Owing to the nature of the Internet UNISON cannot guarantee that the UNISON website or the websites to which it is linked will always be available to use.
Links
Links from the UNISON website are provided for information and convenience only and UNISON has no control over these and cannot therefore accept responsibility or liability for the content of any linked third-party website. UNISON does not endorse any linked website.
Termination
UNISON may terminate or suspend any and all services and your account immediately, without prior notice or liability and may refuse any future use of the UNISON website (or any portion thereof), if you breach any of the terms or conditions of these terms of use. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the services will immediately cease.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the services. All provisions of the terms of use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Jurisdiction
These terms of use are governed by the law of England and Wales and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Severance
If any term condition or provision contained in these terms of use shall be held to be invalid unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term condition or provision shall not affect the validity legality or enforceability of the remaining parts of these terms which shall remain in full force and effect.
Waiver
The failure or delay of UNISON to exercise or enforce any right in these terms does not waive UNISON’s right to enforce that right.
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
More options
Print / Translate
Print page
Translate page
Quick Links
Join UNISON today
My UNISON
Contact UNISON
Jobs
Media centre
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement 2019
UNISON where you work
Local government
Health care
Education
Police and justice
Community
Water, environment and transport
Energy
Private contractors
Regions
Cymru/Wales
East Midlands
Eastern
Greater London
Northern
North West
Northern Ireland
Scotland
South East
South West
West Midlands
Yorkshire & Humberside
Equality in UNISON
Black members equality
Disabled members equality
LGBT+ members equality
Retired members equality
Women members equality
Young members equality
Online tools
Online catalogue
Organising Space
Other sites and sections
Learning and organising
Health and Safety
British Sign Language (BSL)
Skills for Schools
Follow usTwitter
Facebook
Youtube
UNISON, UNISON Centre, 130 Euston Road, London NW1 2AY, 0800 0 857 857.
© Copyright 2020 Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
× Hide message
We use cookies on our website to ensure you find the information you need in the simplest way. By continuing to use our website you are consenting to their use. Find out more about cookies and how we use them.
Coronavirus: what you need to know
Hide message