https://www.arcafoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Arca Foundation (“Us” or “We”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (“You” or “Users”) of our website located at http://www.arcafoundation.org/ (“Website”).
The Types of Information The Arca Foundation Collects
Non-personally identifiable information
When a User visits the Website, the User’s web browser sends us certain information, such as the Internet Protocol address of the computer the User is using, the type of browser software and operating system the User is using, the date and time the User accessed the Website, and the Internet address of the site from which the User linked to the Website.
Personally Identifiable Information
The Arca Foundation collects personally identifiable information (such as names, mailing addresses and email addresses) from Users only when they voluntarily provide such information to us, either in a grant application or through the “Contact” or “Inquiry” links on the Website.
How The Arca Foundation Uses the Information that It Collects
The Arca Foundation uses Users’ non-personally identifiable information only in the aggregate to help maintain and improve the features of the Website. We use personally identifiable information solely for the purpose for which the Users provided the information, in other words, to review a grant application or to respond to a question or other inquiry.
How The Arca Foundation Protects User Information
The Arca Foundation adopts appropriate security measures to help protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, but The Arca Foundation cannot guarantee that your information is 100% secure.
Sharing Personal Information
The Arca Foundation will not share Users’ personally identifiable information with third parties at any time. The Arca Foundation reserves the right, however, to share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personally identifiable information regarding Users with third parties. The Arca Foundation may also release personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or to respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant.
Third Party Websites
The Arca Foundation may provide links from the Website to other websites. We do not control the content or links that appear on these third party websites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Website. These websites and services have their own privacy policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to or from The Arca Foundation’s Website, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. This Privacy Policy covers only information collected through the use of The Arca Foundation’s Website. In addition, we do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals.
Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Protecting the privacy of the young is especially important. For that reason, The Arca Foundation never collects information at the Website from those we know are under 13, and no part of the Website is structured to attract anyone under 13. If we become aware of having information about anyone under 13, we will promptly delete the information.
California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California and have provided your personally identifiable information to us, you may request information once per calendar year about our disclosures of certain categories of your personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to The Arca Foundation at proposals@arcafoundation.org.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we does, wewill revise the date at the bottom of this page. The Arca Foundation encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about what information we collect and how we use that information. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of any modifications since your last visit.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting The Arca Foundation
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or anything relating to the Website, please contact The Arca Foundation at proposals@arcafoundation.org.
April 15, 2016