http://www.aaww.org/privacy-policy/
Your privacy is very important to Asian American Writers’ Workshop. We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. We don’t share your personal information with anyone. We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for you to continue engaging with a part of our work.
Through our website and other online platforms, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a donation or make payment for a workshop from http://www.aaww.org and https://aaww.org, collectively referred to as (the “Site”).
If you have questions about accessing or correcting your personal data please contact our webmaster.
It is Asian American Writers’ Workshop’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. If you wish to change your privacy settings at any time, please click here.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, and time zone. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “Google Analytics” tracks actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a donation through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Donation Information.”
We also allow you to sign up for our Newsletter using Mailchimp.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Donation Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Donation Information that we collect to fulfill any donations placed through the Site (including processing your payment information and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Donation Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our donations for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, add you to our mailing list for periodic newsletters.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our viewers and readers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use PayPal to power our online donations–you can read more about how PayPal uses your Personal Information here: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full. We also use Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and Facebook here: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update . You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make a donation or payment through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you make a donation or purchase through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at webmaster@aaww.org or by mail using the details provided below:
110-112 West 27 Street, Ste. 600, New York, NY 10001
Update my privacy settings
We would like to collect information during your visit to help us better understand site use. This data is anonymized, and will not be used for marketing purposes. Read More on our Privacy Policy page. You can withdraw permission at any time or update your privacy settings here. Please choose below to continue.