https://www.americanforests.org/donor-privacy-policy/
Donor Privacy Policy
Home/Donor Privacy Policy
FacebookTwitterEmail
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
American Forests takes your privacy concerns very seriously, and has created this comprehensive policy to demonstrate our strong commitment to honoring your privacy preferences and protecting any personal information you may share with us.
This policy is intended to be used by website visitors and donors to understand what information is collected and how it is used to determine consumer choice and informed consent. Using recognized best practices for information collection and sharing, we protect your personal information and secure your data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment.
The Information We Collect
American Forests collects and uses personal information voluntarily provided to us through our website, in the mail, by phone or email, and via event registrations, advocacy efforts, reply forms, and other channels.
When you visit our website, information about your computer hardware and software is automatically collected by American Forests. Portions of our website use temporary cookies to maintain data related to the user during navigation, such as shopping cart information. No personal data is collected through the use of cookies. Website users will remain anonymous unless they choose to enter their personal information, such as when they make an online donation.
Sometimes it is possible to submit information about other people, such as when requesting gift subscriptions to our magazine, or donating trees planted in memory or honor of someone else. In such cases, we may require the honoree or recipient’s name, postal address, and/or email address in order to process your request.
American Forests uses Google Analytics to measure visitor interaction with the website. This information helps us to continue to improve the user experience with the American Forests website and other interactive channels. Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy is available for review here.
The Way We Use Personal Information
American Forests will not sell or rent to third parties any individually identifying information, such as names, email addresses, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, or any other personal information which you voluntarily provide to us, except in the following situations:
To provide the services you have requested;
To the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or valid legal processes;
To protect American Forests intellectual property and other legal rights;
Limited and controlled exchange of names and postal addresses with other like-minded organizations using a process that does not permit the other organization to review or retain a copy of the information. These periodic exchanges allow American Forests to expand its educational audience and membership base by obtaining the names and addresses of other interested individuals and likely donors. Any user may choose to opt out of these exchanges at any time by contacting our Membership Department at 202.737.1944, by email at memberservices@americanforests.org, or at our mailing address listed below.
We occasionally have third parties perform services on our behalf, such as data processing, marketing, analytics, advocacy and outreach, hosting, billing, social media integration, fraud protection, etc. These third parties have access to your personal information only as needed to perform their services for American Forests and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the personal information.
Managing Your Information
You can gain access to, update, correct, or have deleted any voluntarily provided information at any time.  In addition, each specific electronic communication sent from American Forests always includes a link to unsubscribe. To have your personal information reviewed and edited, please contact our Membership Department at 202.737.1944, by email at memberservices@americanforests.org, or at our mailing address listed below.
To Unsubscribe
American Forests provides programmatic updates by mail and email so that our supporters and friends can track our progress and stay informed about important information regarding forests. You may opt out of any or all American Forests’ emails, newsletters, or mail by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of each email. If you would like to opt out of receiving other communications, by postage or otherwise, please contact our Membership Department at 202.737.1944, by email at memberservices@americanforests.org, or at our mailing address listed below.
Our Commitment to Data Security
American Forests uses VeriSign EV Professional SSL (Extended Validation Certificates) to encrypt all credit card transactions via our website. Please note that as an added level of protection, we do not store any credit card information.
Children Under Age 18
American Forests does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18. For their protection, American Forests asks that those under 18 years of age do not submit information to us without the consent of a parent or guardian.
Copyright
Images, text, software, documentation, electronic text and image files, audio and video clips, and other materials on American Forests’ website(s), or in emails, newsletters, or in print are the property of American Forests except where otherwise indicated and are fully protected by copyright laws and other restrictions. Furthermore, copyrights and other proprietary rights in the materials on this site may belong to individuals and entities other than American Forests.
American Forests expressly prohibits the copying of any protected or copyrighted materials on American Forests’ website(s), except for the purposes of fair use as defined by copyright law and as described below. This prohibition includes the downloading of site content for commercial use or for use on personal websites.
Fair Use
Fair use of copyrighted material includes the use of protected materials for noncommercial educational purposes, such as teaching, scholarship, research, criticism, commentary, and news reporting. Users who wish to download or print text and image files from the American Forests website for such uses must request American Forests’ express permission by contacting Jill Schwartz, Vice President of Marketing and Communications, at 202-370-4509 or by email. Users must cite the author and source for this material as they would material from any printed work and the citation should include the URL <http://www.americanforests.org.> None of the content may be altered or modified.
State Disclosures
American Forests is an exempt organization as described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code; EIN 53-0196544
Your gift is very much appreciated and fully deductible as a charitable contribution. A copy of our latest financial report may be obtained by writing to American Forests, 1220 L Street NW Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 (202)737-1944, or by visiting our Financial Accountability page. If you are a resident of one of these states, you may obtain financial information directly from the state agency:
Florida
A copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free, 1-800-435-7352 (800-HELP-FLA) within the state. Registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the state. Florida Registration (CH1717).
Maryland
For the cost of copies and postage, Office of the Secretary of State, State House, Annapolis, MD 21401
Mississippi
The organization’s official registration and financial information may be obtained from the Mississippi Secretary of State’s office by calling 1-888-236-6167. Registration by the Secretary of State does not imply endorsement.
New Jersey
Information filed with the Attorney General concerning this charitable solicitation and the percentage of contributions received by the charity during the last reporting period that were dedicated to the charitable purpose may be obtained from the Attorney General of the state of New Jersey by calling (973) 504-6215 and is available online at the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs. Registration with the Attorney General does not imply endorsement.
New York
Office of the Attorney General, Department of Law, Charities Bureau, 120 Broadway, New York, NY 10271.
North Carolina
Financial information about this organization and a copy of its license are available from the state solicitation licensing branch at 1-888-830-4989. The license is not an endorsement by the state.
Pennsylvania
The official registration and financial information of American Forests may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. Registration does not imply endorsement.
Virginia
Virginia State Division of Consumer Affairs, Department of Agricultural and Consumer Services, PO Box 1163, Richmond, VA 23218.
Washington
Charities Division, Office of the Secretary of State, State of Washington, Olympia, WA 98504-0422, 1-800-332-4483.
West Virginia
Residents may obtain a summary of the registration and financial documents from the Secretary of State, State Capitol, Charleston, WV 25305.
Registration with any of these state agencies does not imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by any state.
More Questions?
For questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact our Membership Department at 202.737.1944 during normal business hours (9:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m., EST), by email at memberservices@americanforests.org, or at our mailing address listed below.
Please send inquiries to:
Email: memberservices@americanforests.org
Telephone: 202.737.1944
Toll-Free Number: 1.800.368.5748
Fax: 202.737.2457
Mail: American Forests, 1220 L St, NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20005-4079
supporting our work.
Climate change is the problem. Forests are an important part of the solution.
YOU are the difference.
$25
$50
$75
$100
$ Other
Get email updates
Why It MattersClimate
Social Equity
Water
Wildlife
What we DoForest Restoration
Urban Forestry
Forest Policy
Projects
Ways to GiveBecome a Member
Renew Membership
Become a Corporate Partner
Plant Trees
Gift Of Trees
Sequoia Circle
Planned Giving
Workplace Giving
Ways To Give
GET INVOLVEDAction Center!
American Forests Events
Sign Up for Emails
Champion Trees
About UsWho We Are
History
Our Team
Board of Directors
Science Advisory Board
Financial Accountability
Corporate Partners
Stories & News
Careers
MOREPrivacy Policy
STAY CONNECTED
AMERICAN FORESTS
1220 L Street, NW, Suite 750Washington, DC 20005
Phone: 202.737.1944
Fax: 202.737.2457
Tax ID: 53-0196544
Contact us