http://www.johnbrownlimited.com/privacy.cfm
Home
SERVICES
Our Consulting Practice
Capital & Endowment Campaign Consulting
Audit & Evaluation
Feasibility Studies
Principal, Major & Planned Gift Consulting
VIRTUAL SEMINARS
High Probability Fundraising
Presentations
ABOUT US
Staff
Client List
OUR FOUNDER
Our Founder
Stories About John Brown
Contact
Privacy Policy
John Brown Limited Inc. takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how John Brown Limited Inc. treats personal information that it collects and receives, including information related to your past use of John Brown Limited Inc. products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
John Brown Limited Inc. respects each site visitor's right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website.
General
This site does not collect cookies. (Definition of Cookies)
We do require information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and possibly financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). If we have trouble processing an order, we use the information to contact the user.
John Brown Limited Inc. automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address and the page you request.
John Brown Limited Inc. uses information for the following general purposes: to fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, and conduct research.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
John Brown Limited Inc. does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, or under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of John Brown Limited's General Policies, or as otherwise required by law.
The information we collect is:
Used to notify visitors about updates to our web site
Used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes
Never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes
This information is used:
For shipping and billing purposes
To fill customer's orders
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement.
Conflict Resolution
We are committed to resolving disputes as soon as possible.
If problems arise, users may contact us by:
email
telephone
fax
Contact Information
If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
“By borrowing the seeds from trees which are close to our homes and close to our hearts, helping them to germinate and grow, and then planting them back into their original landscapes, we can all make a living link between this millenium and the next, a natural bridge from the past to the future.”
~ Jill Barkan
Mailman School of Public Health, Columbia University
©
John Brown Limited, Inc.
4916 Crestwood Drive
Waco, TX 76710
Phone: 917.359.5760
info@johnbrownlimited.com
Contact JBL
Privacy
General Policies
SERVICES | ABOUT US | SEMINARS | REGISTER | OUR FOUNDER | CONTACT