https://www.2lifecommunities.org/terms-and-privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
Close
Main navigation mobile
Why 2Life?
Age Affordably
Live Well
Build Community
Innovate
Live Here
Choosing your community
Our Campuses
Brighton Campus
Brown Family House
Coleman House
Golda Meir House
Shillman House
Programs & Services
Transportation
Fitness & Wellness
Lifelong Learning & Social and Cultural Programming
Community Engagement
24/7 Maintenance & Emergency Response
Resident Service Coordination
Enhanced Care
Joyful Connections
Apply to Live Here
Our Stories
About Us
Our Mission & Vision
Leadership
Amy Schectman
Board of Directors
Partners & Funders
Impact & Accountability
Real Estate Development
Real Estate Team
Projects Under Development
Introducing Opus – A Middle Income Option
Coleman House Renovation
J.J. Carroll Redevelopment
Union Hospital Redevelopment
Golda Meir House Expansion
Get Involved
Ways to Give
Aging in Community Fund
Community Investors Circle
Honor & Memory Gifts
Legacy Giving
Naming Opportunities
Volunteer
Partner with Us
Annual Event
Meet Opus - A Middle Income Option
Donate
Volunteer
Search
Quick Links
Apply to Live Here
Frequently Asked Questions
Resources & Guides
Careers
Utility mobile
Newsroom
Careers
Contact us
Home
Terms and Privacy Policy
2Life responds to COVID-19
At 2Life we care passionately about the health and well being of all of our residents and staff. Learn More
Our Commitment to Privacy
This Privacy Policy demonstrates our commitment to safeguarding your information and explains the choices you can make about how 2Life collects and uses the information you provide us. By using this site, you are agreeing to these terms.
The Information We Collect
Any personal information you provide is voluntary, and we do not require you to register in order to view our site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others under any circumstances.
We collect information from users in connection with online donations, sales of tickets to special events, conference registrations, newsletters, volunteering and for any other clearly identified purposes. If you choose to provide information to us, you may receive communications— by mail or electronically — advising you of upcoming 2Life events, interesting news, and ways you can get involved with 2Life.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, 2Life has appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Choice / Opt-Out
We want you to feel good about 2Life’s communications with you and you have a choice in how often we contact you, whether by mail or e-mail. If you have shared your information with us and later change your mind on receiving communications from us, you may contact us to have your name and contact information removed from our distribution lists.
How Does This Site Use Cookies?
We may store a “cookie” in your web browser when you visit our site to help us remember who you are and customize your experience on our site to match your needs and preferences. Cookies also help us determine which portions of our site are visited most frequently. You can reject or clear cookies any time you wish in the settings of your Web browser.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other Web sites. We do not have control over the content or privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked websites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Changes to Privacy Policy
2Life may change this Policy from time to time. We will reflect any changes on this website. You agree that the then current terms will apply to your relationship with us.
For More Information
Should you have any questions, concerns, or comments about your privacy, please contact us.
FAQ
About Us
Get Involved