http://www.fairus.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main navigation
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. FAIR reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
For more information, or if you have questions about our policy or the use of your information, contact us.
What Information We Collect
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
How Information is Used
FAIR does not sell, rent or otherwise exchange information we collect through our website. FAIR only uses information that is offered by the subscriber (such as for outreach purposes via email). Subscription preferences can be found at the bottom of every FAIR email.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of "Cookies"
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while visiting us. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing the Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security
All information provided to FAIR is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of FAIR. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell a Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. FAIR will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. FAIR stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Web Sites
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which FAIR has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Donor Privacy Policy
FAIR is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors. We have developed this privacy policy to ensure our donors that donor information will not be shared with any third party.
FAIR provides this Donor Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy policy, and to inform you of the way your information is used. We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list, if you desire to do so.
What Information We Collect
FAIR collects and securely stores the following information:
Contact information: name, address, telephone number and email address
Giving information (credit card information, check information, etc.)
Information on events attended, publications received and special requests for program information
Information provided by the donor in the form of comments and suggestions
How Information is Used
FAIR uses information to understand member needs and provide better service. Specifically, we use information to complete transactions and communicate with members. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. We use member and supporter comments to provide information requested. We take seriously each recommendation as to how we might improve communication.
Sharing of Personal Information
FAIR does not sell, rent, or lease emails to other companies or organizations. As a part of established direct mail practices, FAIR exchanges donors’ mailing information with other organizations, except in cases where donors expressly request that their information not be shared. FAIR has established internal controls to ensure that all donor information secure.
Removing Your Name From Our Mailing List
It is our desire to not send unwanted mail to our donors. Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our Donor Privacy Policy, or the practices of this site, please contact us.
Main navigation
Tweets
December 10, 2020 | 11:30PM
House Dems, GOP Approve Hong Kong-to-U.S. Mass Immigration Pipeline https://t.co/iknE11lC6f via @BreitbartNews
@JxhnBinder
@FAIRImmigration
December 10, 2020 | 10:30PM
Trump’s last stand on immigration https://t.co/k80Fq1TFgE via @voxdotcom @nicolenarea
@FAIRImmigration
Home
About
About FAIR
Mission, Vision, Values
Our Impact
Career Opportunities
Contact Us
Financials
Meet The Team
Meet the President
FAIR Staff
Board of Directors
Immigration Reform Law Institute
Learn
Key Issues
Illegal Immigration
Border Security
Sanctuary Policies
All Topics
Amnesty
Legal Immigration
National Security
Publications & Resources
Public Policy
Societal Impact
Workforce & Economy
Population & Environment
News
FAIR Take
Trump Administration
Capitol Hill
State & Local Policy
FAIR Media
Blog
Videos
Podcasts
Newsletters
Published Opinion
Press Releases
Recent News
Get Involved
Take Action
Activist Resources
How to Report Illegal Aliens
Give
Donate
Planned Giving
Other Ways to Support FAIR
Contact
Contact
Career Opportunities
Contact Us
Pressroom
Media Inquiries
Past Appearances
Press Kits
Our Spokespeople
Donate