http://www.jacksoncountycasa-mo.org/privacy-policy/
This privacy statement applies to all Web sites produced and maintained by the Jackson County CASA (“CASA”), jacksoncountycasa-mo.org (the “Site”). The information on this Web site (the “Site”) is being collected by CASA. This privacy statement is designed to tell you how we collect and use personal information so you can make an informed decision about using our Site. Please read this statement before using our Site or submitting any personal information to us. By using our Site, you consent to the information collection and use practices described herein. CASA reserves the right to change the provisions of this privacy statement at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the privacy statement the date it was last updated. Your use of the Site following the posting of such changes or revised statement shall constitute your acceptance of any such changes. We encourage you to review our privacy statement whenever you visit our Site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
CASA supports and promotes court-appointed volunteer advocacy for abused and neglected children so that they can thrive in safe, permanent homes. In order to further this mission, CASA may collect certain information from you through the Site, including personal information (i.e., individual information that may be used to personally identify or contact you). Collection is done both actively (information you voluntarily submit to us) and passively (information automatically gathered from your computer).
ACTIVE COLLECTION
At several places on our Site, we collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain personally identifiable information. For example, if you make a donation, become a member, request an invitation to join our newsletter, fill out a form or register for an event through the site, we may collect your name, address, phone and email. We collect similar information if you purchase an item in our online store. You may also provide us with credit card information for payment of purchases or donations collected by CASA. However, credit card information is only used to process the transactionIf you send us an email request or participate in our forums, we may store that information as well.
PASSIVE COLLECTION
Our software automatically collects certain information from your computer (such as your Internet address and browser type) using two methods: (1) “cookies” and (2) log files.
Cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information while on our Site. We use cookies to track a user’s path for security purposes, to collect aggregate web statistics and in an effort to enhance the experience on our Site. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn about these functions. If a user rejects a cookie, they may still use our Site, however they will be limited in some of its areas. For example, the user may not receive certain information from us and the shopping cart feature may not work properly.
Log Files. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
HOW DO WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
CASA is the sole owner of the information collected on this Site. Personal information that you provide CASA (such as a personal email address) may be used by CASA in the following ways:
to contact you about your use of the Site or about our programs, services, products, activities or special events;
to advocate for children and otherwise further our mission
to respond to your comments or requests;
to request feedback and to enable us to develop and improve the Site and our products and services;
for internal and marketing, promotional, informational and fundraising purposes; and
for the specific purpose for which the information was provided.
For example, we may send new members a welcoming email, and members and donors may occasionally receive newsletters or information on our programs, services, products, fundraising campaigns, or special events. Please see “What Choices Do You Have Regarding The Use Of Your Information?” below regarding your options not to receive such communications.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES?We will not sell, share, or rent any personal information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement without first obtaining your authorization. We may provide aggregate information (i.e., information we collect that does not allow you to be personally identified or contacted) to third parties without your authorization, such as information about your access and use of the Site.
We may disclose personal information you provide to independent contractors, volunteers, agencies, service providers and consultants who are engaged by or working with CASA and who need access to such information to carry out their programs or services. For example, we may use credit card processing companies to process payments and outside shipping companies to ship orders. We may partner with other agencies or organizations to provide specific programs or services and will share information with them in order to facilitate their provision of such programs or services. We may also disclose personal information we have collected if we are required to do so by law or if in our good faith judgment, such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to respond to any claims, or to protect the rights of CASA, its constituents and the public.
Please note: This Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that CASA is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users/subscribers to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of every web site that collects personally identifiable information. Similarly, if you entered this Site through another Web site, CASA is also not responsible for the privacy practices of that site, and you should review the privacy policy of the originating site before providing any personal information to that site. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by CASA.
WHAT STEPS DO WE TAKE TO PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION ONLINE?
We use reasonable precautions to protect user information online. For example, our employee’s computers are password protected, and we provide regular education to our employees regarding our security and privacy practices. When we collect credit card information we use a secure server with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption software that makes unauthorized access more difficult.
HOW CAN YOU CORRECT AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you wish to verify, correct or delete any personal information, please contact us at info@Jacksoncountycasa-mo.org and we will endeavor to correct, update or remove the personal data you have provided us as you indicate to the extent such information is not necessary to complete any services or transactions with us.
WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATION?
You may “opt-out” of receiving communications from National CASA, except to the extent such information is necessary to complete any services or transactions you have entered into, by emailing us at info@Jacksoncountycasa-mo.org.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or how personal information collected on our Web sites is used, you can contact us at info@Jacksoncountycasa-mo.org.