http://www.cpas.org.uk/about-CPAS/terms-and-conditions/#privacy-policy
Skip to main content
HomeHow we helpHow can CPAS help me...
For leaders
For churches
For dioceses
View all
I'd like help specifically with...
Growing leaders
Holidays for young people
Leading in evangelism
Moving roles
Developing PCCs
View all
Close Menu
Support CPASGiveLeave a legacyPraySpread the wordReceive updatesThe Big Give 2020About usOur purposeOur areas of workOur impactOur peopleStaffPresidents and PatronsTrustees and Council of referenceOur storyJobs at CPASJobs in ministryBasis of faithEvents cancellation policySafeguarding policyContact us
Search form
Search
Give
Pray
Basket
Your shopping basket is empty.
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer
This disclaimer should be read in conjunction with the CPAS website Privacy Policy.
CPAS is committed to the highest standards of quality information and every effort has been made to present up-to-date and accurate information.
However, the organisation gives no warranty as to the accuracy of the information on this website and accepts no liability for any loss, damage or inconvenience caused as a result of reliance on such information.
We make every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus program on all material downloaded from the internet. We cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system which may occur whilst using material derived from this website.
The organisation will use its best endeavours to safeguard the privacy of its website visitors. The Website Privacy Policy explains the website data processing practices of CPAS.
Using the CPAS website
Our website is maintained for your personal use and viewing. Access and use by you of the site constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions. They take effect from the date on which you first use this website. The organisation may, at any time, and without notice, revise these terms and conditions and they should therefore be regularly checked. The continued use of the site after a change has been made is your acceptance of the change.
You agree to use the site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such restrictions include, without limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass, distress or cause inconvenience to any person, and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption to the normal flow of dialogue within this site.
Links to other websites
The CPAS website may occasionally link to other relevant websites. We are not responsible for the content or reliability of the linked websites. Listing should not be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. Although CPAS takes all reasonable measures to ensure the information on its partners' websites is not defamatory or offensive, it cannot control or take responsibility for content within such sites.
This CPAS website privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense (including reasonable legal fees) relating to any breach by you of these terms and conditions or arising from your use of the organisation's website.
Governing law
Use of the CPAS website is subject to English law. All claims or disputes arising out of or in connection with the use of the site shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England. However, we reserve the right to bring proceedings in the courts of your country of residence.
Trademarks and copyright
Copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights on our websites are either owned or licensed to CPAS, unless otherwise stated. Compliance with copyright law is your liability.
We would be delighted to see our materials used more widely but no copying or distribution for any commercial or business use is permitted without prior written consent from CPAS.
You may reproduce CPAS copyright material appearing on this website free of charge without specific permission for personal use only, as long as the copyright and source indications are also copied, the document is not amended in any way, is copied in its entirety and is not reproduced in a derogatory or misleading manner or context. This permission does not apply where a fee has been paid for the material concerned, whether through purchase, subscription or other arrangement. Such material may not be reproduced or distributed, whether electronically or in any other format.
Our permission to reproduce copyright material does not extend to any material on this website that is the copyright material of any third party.
Sign up for free CPAS updates by: *
Email
Post
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Address *
Postcode *
Street *
Town / City *
County *
Country *
Leave this field blank
Subscribe
We will send you occasional communications relating to the ministry of CPAS including Venture and Falcon holidays, which may include fundraising appeals and information about our events and resources.
You can email supporter.relations@cpas.org.uk at any time to unsubscribe or update your preferences. Read our privacy policy.