http://www.posticbates.com/privacy-policy
About Us
About Our Firm
Attorney Profiles
Practice Areas
Estate Planning
Probate and Estate Administration
Real Estate
Elder Law
Adoption
Resources
Estate Planning Information Form
Probate Information Form
Estate Planning Guide
Blog
Contact
Client Portal
405.691.5080
Privacy PolicyPostic & Bates, A Professional Corporation (“Postic & Bates”, “we”, or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your visits to this website (www.posticbates.com), its sub-domains, and associated sites, as well as our accounts, profiles, and pages on Facebook®, Twitter®, LinkedIn®, and other social media sites, and all other sites created or controlled by Postic & Bates (referenced herein, both individually and collectively, as our “Sites, Pages, and Accounts”).Please carefully read and review this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) as well as our Terms of Use, which is incorporated in this Policy as if fully set forth herein. This Policy outlines how we may collect, use, process, and share your personal information and data. By using any of our Sites, Pages, and Accounts, you agree to this Policy and consent to having your data transferred to and processed in the United States. If you do not consent to these Terms, do not use our Sites, Pages, and Accounts. We reserve the sole right to modify this Policy at any time and from time to time, which modifications will be effective immediately when published. For your reference, the date of the most recent revisions to this Policy is stated below. It is your sole and exclusive responsibility to review any and all modified terms. Your continued use of our Sites, Pages, and Accounts after any modifications to this Policy means that you accept and agree to such changes.Types of Information We Collect.There are two types of information we collect through our Sites, Pages, and Accounts: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.Personally Identifiable Information is data that lets us know who you are, which includes, but is not limited to, your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. We collect this type of information when, for example, you submit a form on our Sites, Pages, and Accounts, e.g., to download content or to contact us about our services.Non-Personally Identifiable Information is data that does not, by itself, identify a specific individual, which includes, but is not limited to, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, which web browser you use to view our website, which pages you view on our website, and other behavioral information regarding your use of our Sites, Pages, and Accounts.How We Use Your Information.Personally Identifiable Information is collected and used primarily to respond to your questions submitted to us through our Sites, Pages, and Accounts and to provide you with further information to help you achieve your legal goals. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is collected and logged automatically when you visit our Sites, Pages, and Accounts and is used primarily to help us understand how we can improve our Sites, Pages, and Accounts.We do not connect the Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information collected through our Sites, Pages, and Accounts (e.g, we do not associate your name and e-mail address you submitted through a form with your viewing data on our website). We also do not share your Personally Identifiable Information or Non-Personally Identifiable Information with any third-party advertisers or ad networks for their advertising purposes. With the exception of vendors providing hosting, database management, or related services pertaining to our Sites, Pages, and Accounts or our business in general, we will never intentionally disclose your personal information with any party outside of our firm without your express consent or unless required by law. We take reasonable steps to secure all personal information we collect. However, due to the nature and vulnerabilities of information technology, we make no guarantee or warranty that your personal information collected through our Sites, Pages, and Accounts will be free from unauthorized access. By using our Sites, Pages, and Accounts, you assume the risk of your personal information being obtained by unwanted third parties.Be aware that we make link to other websites on our Sites, Pages, and Accounts and that such third-party websites may have different privacy policies and different data collection and use practices. Visitors should consult the privacy policies or notices of any third-party websites, as we have no control over information that is submitted to or collected by such third parties.Cookies.Our Sites, Pages, and Accounts employer cookies and similar technologies (including, but not limited to, pixels, tags, web beacons, etc.) that collect details of your interactions with our Sites, Pages, and Accounts but that do not reveal your specific identity (i.e., Non-Personally Identifiable Information). A cookie is a small data file transferred onto your computer or other device when you visit a website and is used for record-keeping purposes. These technologies help us improve our Sites, Pages, and Accounts to provide you with the best experience and most relevant information possible.If you do not want to receive cookies or similar data files through our Sites, Pages, and Accounts, you can change your browser or device settings to warn you before accepting cookies or to refuse all cookies. If you refuse cookies, some features of our Sites, Pages, and Accounts may not function or be available to you. Our Sites, Pages, and Accounts are not configured to respond to “Do Not Track” browser signals.By agreeing to this Policy (i.e., by using our Sites, Pages, and Accounts), you agree and consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies as described herein. If you use our Sites, Pages, and Accounts without changing your browser or device settings to refuse or disable cookies, then we will assume that you consent to receive all cookies and similar files provided through our Sites, Pages, and Accounts.Children.We recognize the special importance of protecting the privacy of children. Our Sites, Pages, and Accounts are not targeted at or intended to be used by individuals under the age of 18; however, we understand that a child may nevertheless access our Sites, Pages, and Accounts. In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the most stringent state laws, if we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 18, we will use our best efforts to delete such information as quickly as possible.If you are under the age of 18, please do not transmit any personal information through our Sites, Pages, and Accounts and do not use our Sites, Pages, and Accounts without parent or guardian supervision. If you are under the age of 18 and wish to inquire into our legal services, please have a parent or guardian contact us on your behalf.Choice Of Law And Venue.This Policy shall be interpreted and construed according to the laws of the State of Oklahoma without regard to any conflict of laws principle. By using our Sites, Pages, and Accounts, you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the District Court of Cleveland County, Oklahoma and/or the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma for any dispute regarding this Policy or our Sites, Pages, and Accounts.Your Comments and Concerns.This website is operated by Postic & Bates. All feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to our Sites, Pages, and Accounts, including any request to review, change, or delete your personal information, should be directed to our technical staff, c/o Postic & Bates, 2212 Shadowlake Drive, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73159, or (405) 691-5080.Thank you for visiting our website.IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF USE, YOU SHOULD CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY FOR CLARIFICATION.Policy last revised April 19, 2020.
Connect with us on social media!