https://www.oltonbaptist.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We take privacy seriously. The purpose of this statement is to set out the principles governing our use of personal data that we may obtain about you.
Who we are
Olton Baptist Church is the “Controller” of the personal data that you provide us. We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and our registration number is Z743377X.
The information we collect
The personal data that you have provided, we have collected from you, or we have received from third parties (e.g. Parents, grandparents or neighbours) includes:
Name, address, gender, (dates of birth for those under 18)Contact details, including telephone numbers and email addressDetails about your family and dependents (e.g. marital status and number of children)
(Most often the information we hold will be that which we have collected directly)
What we use your information for and the legal basis for processing
All the personal data is received and processed in the UK by our employees, volunteers and/or partners. We may store and use your personal information for the purposes of:
Maintaining our list of church members and regular attendersSafeguarding children, young people and adults at riskProviding services to the community e.g. Toddler GroupRecruiting, supporting and managing staff and volunteersMaintaining records and accountsProviding pastoral support for members and others connected with our churchMaintaining the security of our property and premisesResponding effectively to enquirers and handling any complaintsKeeping in contact via Hub* inclusion, home groups and weekly emailPromoting our services such as church holiday participation
Please be aware however that your data may be stored on a cloud based system or on servers based outside the UK but within the EU.
Our “legitimate interests” as referred to above include our purpose to be a church fellowship, where we can encourage one another to make a difference for Jesus in all we do in our local community.
*The Hub is an area where we share pastoral requests (with permission) and resources
Who we share your data with
Olton Baptist Church will not trade, sell or share your personal identifiable data for use by any third parties unless we have been authorised by you or are required by law to do so.
How long we keep information
We keep your personal data for no longer than reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it is provided. If, for example, you have authorised use of your personal data for us to keep in contact with you, this will be kept with us until you notify us that you no longer wish for us to use it.
We will only keep personal data for longer if authorised by you or if we are required to do so by law whereby we will archive this data for the required length of time. Any retention of personal data will be done in compliance with legal and regulatory obligations.
Your rights
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the following rights regarding any of the personal data that we hold about you:
to seecorrectupdatetransferdelete
Please inform Olton Baptist Church, in writing or by emailing your request. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Trustee in writing at Olton Baptist Church, The Branch, 85 Warwick Road, Olton, Solihull, West Midlands, B92 7HP, who will arrange for investigation of the matter. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the ICO.
You can find out more about your rights under the data protection legislation from the Information Commissioner’s Office website: www.ico.org.uk.
Notification of changes
We may occasionally modify our Privacy Notice and Data Protection policy. When this happens, we will provide details as to the changes on our web page or via the links on our web page, at the point of data collection or by contacting you directly. We will not significantly change how we use information you have already given to us without your prior agreement.
Links with other websites
This Privacy Statement is in relation to Olton Baptist Church only. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or content of any linked websites. We recommend that you check the privacy statement of each website you visit.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. By using our website you agree to this Policy and you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
There are two main kinds of cookies: “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies only last for the duration of users using the website and are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies outlast user sessions and remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on this website
We use both Session Cookie and Persistent Cookies on this website.
Generally, we use cookies to help us administer this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to user needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookie NameCookie CategoryDescriptionDurationwordpress_2WordPress cookie for a logged in user.sessionwordpress_logged_in_2WordPress cookie for a logged in usersessionwordpress_test_2WordPress cookie for a logged in usersessionwordpress_test_cookie2WordPress test cookiesessionwp-settings-1Wordpress also sets a few wp-settings-[UID] cookies.
The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table.
This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.
1 yearwp-settings-time-2Wordpress also sets a few wp-settings-{time}-[UID] cookies. The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table. This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.
1 yearPHPSESSID1To identify your unique session on the websitesessionSESS1To ensure that you are recognised when you move from page to page within the site and that any information you have entered is remembered.sessioncomment_author_2WordPress comment cookie. 347 dayscomment_author_email2Similar to comment_author_347 dayscomment_author_url2Similar to comment_author_347 days
Third-party cookies
We also use third party cookies to analyse the use of this website and improve its performance.
For this purpose we use Google Analytics. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Read Google’s privacy policy. Find out more about Google Analytics opt out.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies.
This website cookies policy template is based on a free document supplied by The Legal Stop Limited through its website.
Olton Baptist Church, The Branch, 85 Warwick Road, Olton, Solihull, West Midlands, B92 7HP
All content © Olton Baptist Church 2020. Privacy Policy.Design by ninefootone.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you