http://www.rmhde.org/privacy
Board Access
VIC Calendar Access
Request a Room
News
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Join Our Email List
Donate Now
Toggle navigation
Staying With Us
Make a Room Request
Directions
Family Stories
Family App
RMHDE Events
Special Events
Host a Fundraiser
How You Can Help
Make a Donation
Ways to Give
Volunteer
Planned Giving
Securities
Matching Gifts
Tribute & Memorial Gifts
Adopt A Room
Wish List
Donate Your Vehicle
Meal Program
Coins for Kids
Host a Fundraiser
Red Shoe Society
Submit a Story
What We Do
Ronald McDonald House
Ronald McDonald Family Rooms
Who We Are
Facts and Figures
Financials
About Us
Staff
Board of Directors
McDonald’s Relationship
FAQ
Corporate & Foundation Partners
Privacy Policy
Featured Image
Page Content
Ronald McDonald House of Delaware, Inc. (RMHDE) is pleased to provide information to all of its customers about its online privacy policy. Please be assured that RMHDE uses its best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to this Website.
Types of Information Collected and How It Is Used
RMHDE gathers personal information, such as first and last names, home addresses, e-mail addresses and credit card numbers, only when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make an online donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation.
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information, such as RMHDE updates, fund-raising campaigns or major grant initiatives. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
Security of Donor Information
Donor information is stored within a donor management database within RMHDE. Access to the database is restricted to personnel with legitimate business need to access or modify the information contained therein.
Sharing of Personal Information
Companies may be engaged by RMHDE to perform a variety of functions, such as assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our Internet sites, etc. Such companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform certain functions. However, these companies may use such personal information only for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as provided in this privacy policy, RMHDE does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties.
RMHDE reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a public safety matter.
Access
You are in control of all personal information you provide to us online. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the postal address listed below.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that an Internet site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow a certain Internet site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most Internet sites, RMHDE uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous, aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Use of the options in your Internet browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this Website.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by RMHDE. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy became effective on July 19, 2010. From time to time, it may be necessary for RMHDE to change its privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the RMHDE Internet Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Ronald McDonald House of Delaware, Inc.
1901 Rockland Road
Wilmington, DE 19803
Attn: Development Office
Volunteer!
Find out how you can help RMHDE by giving your time.
Student, Teen and Adult Volunteers needed.
Find Out More
Join Our Email List Join our email list and receive news about the Ronald McDonald House of Delaware.
Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toWebsite Signups Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Ronald McDonald House of Delaware. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Ronald McDonald House of Delaware, 1901 Rockland Road, Wilmington, DE, 19803, http://www.rmhde.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
© RMHC
The following trademarks used herein are owned by McDonald's Corporation and its affiliates; McDonald's, Ronald McDonald House Charities, Ronald McDonald House Charities Logo, RMHC, Ronald McDonald House, Ronald McDonald Family Room, and Ronald McDonald Care Mobile.
Site by Think it First
site by Think it First