http://www.f4phantom.com/drupal/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
F-4 Phantom II Society
LoginRegister
Join/Renew
Forums
F-4 Store
PhanCon
Links
Photos
Ref Material
User login
Username or e-mail *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Navigation
Contact
More about the F-4 Society
Contact Us
About the Society
Credits - Photos, Banner shots, Service, etc.
Board of Directors/Officers
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
DMCA Policy
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
Your privacy and the privacy of others on our web sites is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.  This polcy covers both our main website, www.f4phantom.com and our store's website, www.f-4store.com, as applicable.
The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
During your visit to this site, we do not collect any personally-identifiable information about you that you do not specifically volunteer. This information may be volunteered when you register to be allowed to offer commentary and post in forums or Blogs or provide reviews. You can expect to be asked to provide your proper name, a valid email address, phone number and your birthday.  The F-4 Society does not use that stored information on the website for any purpose other than to allow you to log in and post content, and to contact you should there an issue or to provide updates about the website and the F-4 Society. That email address is never publically exposed, but you do have the option to allow other individuals to privately contact you without them seeing your email address via this site. Should you decide to join the F-4 Phantom II Society the information provided may be presented in your application to insure you retain access to this website. The information provided by members may be shared internally with other members.
Because the F-4 Society does gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This site is owned and operated by the F-4 Phantom II Society ("F-4 Society"). Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. We want to make your online experience satisfying and safe. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Additional Information: Terms of Service
INFORMATION THIS SITE GATHERS AND TRACKS
The F-4 Society gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions to participate in our forums, to comment on posts, to email a friend, and from participation in polls and surveys, or to purchase items through our store..
Information the F-4 Society gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our site. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers needs.
Information that is submitted voluntarily
We may offer the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:
Forums: Users of the site's Forums must register for this service (free of charge) in order to post messages, although they need not register to visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply a username, password, email address, proper name, phone number and birth date.
"E-mail this to a friend" Service: Our site users may choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to someone else by clicking "E-mail this to a friend".The user must provide their email address, as well as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
Polling: We may offer interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular user. The F-4 Society may use a system to "tag" users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question. This tag is not correlated with information about individual users.
Surveys: The F-4 Society may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
Information that is automatically collected
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in forums, polling and surveys. Cookie data is not stored on the server, and therefore, is not available for viewing by our staff or any third parties.  To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
The F-4 Society currently uses Google Analytics to track user traffic patterns throughout our site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users nor is personal information passed to these services.  Our website respects the opt out settings of newer browsers.  You may also via your account settings opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics. To opt out across all websites visit  http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Anti-Spam Measures
The F-4 Society utilizes an anti-spam service called Mollom to screen content before it is posted to our main website. Mollom may block a post outright if it is from a known spammer. If Mollom is unsure how to classify a post, it may require the completion of a "CAPTCHA" to accept the post. Posts that do not match a "spammy' text pattern and do not originate from known spammers are accepted without the need to complete a CAPTCHA. For more information on what data is sent to Mollom, how long it may be stored and how the data is used on their servers please review the Mollom Privacy Policy. Please report any Spam or inappropriate content that makes it past this protection to the Webmaster. By posting a message or content, you accept that your message and other personal details about you will be analyzed and stored for anti-spam and quality monitoring purposes, in accordance with Mollom's Privacy Policy.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
USE OF INFORMATION
The F-4 Society uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience on our website, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users. As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to enable users to participate in polls, surveys, forums adn Blogs. We send out service update messages when necessary. The F-4 Society never shares mailing lists with any third parties. When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas we do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
DISCLOSURE/ACCESS
The F-4 Society may disclose individual account or user information in cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the F-4 Society TOS or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the F-4 Society rights or property, other F-4 Society users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. The F-4 Society may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services. You should be aware that when you disclose personal information such as your name or e-mail address in a forum, blog comment, or other area that is publicly accessible by others, that information can be collected and used by others.
The F-4 Society is not responsible for any information that you provide in the above areas.
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by the F-4 Society. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you may be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Theme by Danetsoft and Danang Probo Sayekti inspired by Maksimer