http://www.californiapsychics.com/about/privacy-policy
0
Home
My Account
Psychics
All Psychics
Reading Topics
Love Psychics
Career Advice Psychics
Life Path Psychics
Money Psychics
Pet Psychics
Past Life Psychics
Deceased Loved Ones
Lost Objects Psychics
Missing Persons Psychics
Psychic Abilities
Empath Psychics
Medium Psychics
Clairvoyant Psychics
Clairaudient Psychics
Clairsentient Psychics
Dream Analysis Psychics
Remote Viewing Psychics
Channeling Psychics
Automatic Writing
Psychic Tools
No Tools Psychics
Tarot Psychics
Astrology Psychics
Numerology Psychics
Crystals Psychics
Oracle Cards Psychics
Runes Psychics
I-Ching Psychics
Pendulum Psychics
Psychic Style
Inspirational
Compassionate
Straightforward
My Favorites
Customer Favorites
Premier Psychics
Staff Picks
Rising Stars
New Psychics
Hot Deals
VIP Exclusive Deals
Horoscopes
Daily Horoscopes
Weekend Horoscopes
Weekly Love Horoscopes
Monthly Horoscopes
Monthly Money Horoscopes
Yearly Horoscopes
Birthday Horoscopes
Zodiac Sign Compatibility
Blog
Zodiac Sign Compatibility
Love & Relationships
Astrology & Numerology
Animal Sightings & Symbolism
Mind, Body & Spirit
Destiny & Life Path
Dreams & Interpretation
Career & Money
Psychic Tools & Abilities
Psychic Questions
Pricing
How It Works
Buy a Package
About
About California Psychics
Why California Psychics
How We Help
About Psychic Readings
Most Gifted
How To & Tips
Contact Us
Join
Karma Rewards
Sign In
Privacy Policy
Last Revised Date: November 3rd, 2020
Print this Privacy Policy
Outlook Amusements, Inc. (“Outlook”) values your trust and is committed to the responsible management, use and protection of your information. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information Outlook collects from and about you when you visit our Web site, www.californiapsychics.com, our mobile site, and our applications (collectively, the “Sites”), and explains how Outlook may use and disclose such information, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it. Please take the time to read and understand this policy
If you have questions regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at Privacy@californiapsychics.com.
Quick Guide to Contents:
Information We Collect
How We Use the Information
How We Share Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
A. Rights Under European Law
B. Unsubscribe Preferences
C. Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosure
D. Your California Privacy Rights
Retention of Your Data
International Transfers
How We Secure Your Information
Testimonials
Third Party Content, Links, and Plug-ins
Send to a Friend
Children's Privacy
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
1. Information We Collect.
When you use our Sites, we collect different types of information from and about you.
This information includes:
Identifiers:
Information that identifies you directly.
Examples: Full name, email address, and other information you provide to set up your online account with us, social media account information, phone number, date of birth, gender, shipping information.
Commercial Information:
Information about your purchase or use of our Sites or services.
Examples: Your interactions with a psychic, when you enter a contest, if you subscribe to a service (like our horoscopes), take quizzes, participate in a chat room, or when you’ve considered one of our products or services.
Online Activity:
Some limited information about how you use the Internet.
Examples: Browsing and/or search history related to the sites you visit before or after you visit our Sites, the type of operating system you're using to connect, your interactions with our Sites or our advertisements, your IP address, and other data that identifies your online activity.
Geolocation Information:
We do not ask for, access, or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our mobile services.
We may obtain geographic information based on your IP address.
Financial Information:
Information about your payment methods with us, if applicable.
Inferences:
Information we can determine or predict about you based on information we know about your online activity.
Examples: Purchase preferences, characteristics, potential future purchase behavior.
User-Generated Content:
Information you share with us or post through our Sites or services.
Examples: Comments or reviews about our Sites or services or other content you share with us.
We collect the information described above from different sources. Sometimes, we collect information from you directly, like when you create an account or use our services. Other times, we collect information from third parties. The following explains a little more about how we get this information.
Information You Give Us. If you create an account, make a purchase, fill out a survey, sign up for emails, enter a contest, or review a product, you typically share your personal information with us. Sometimes, you can choose not to give us information. For example, you don’t have to sign up for emails. But other times, we’ll need your information to be able to provide you with the requested services.
Information Automatically Collected.
We may use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, or similar tracking technologies to automatically or passively collect certain information about visitors to our Sites and interactions with our emails and online advertisements, and to allow Outlook to keep track of analytics and certain statistical information, which enables Outlook to improve its Sites and provide you with more relevant content and advertising on our Sites and other sites. You may have options to change your browser settings to choose how we can collect some of this information.
We also partner with third-party advertising networks to display advertising on our Sites and to manage our advertising on other sites.
Some of our advertising partners, marketing affiliates, or analytics providers may use technology such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, or local shared objects (Flash cookies/HTML5) when they advertise on our Sites, which may send these advertisers information including your non-identifying information.
We do not have access to, or control over, these third parties’ use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
To learn more about your advertising choices relating to your personal information, please see our
Cookie Policy, as well as the “Your Rights and Choices” section below.
Combination of Information. We may combine the information we receive from and about you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect through our Sites, as well as information collected from other online sources or from third-party sources (including social networks that you use to connect with Outlook) to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our Sites.
2. How We Use the Information.
We are committed to protecting and maintaining the privacy of your information and will process your data only in accordance with a lawful basis under applicable data protection laws, such as if:
We need to process your information to provide you with the products or service you have requested or to enter into a contract;
You have consented to such processing;
We have a legitimate interest for processing your data – e.g., for fraud prevention; network and information systems security; data analytics; enhancing, modifying or improving our services; identifying usage trends; determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns; and personalization of the service using data to make it easier and faster for you to place orders; and/or
We are required to do this by law (for example, where it is necessary to retain it in connection with potential litigation).
We use identifiers, commercial information, online activity, geolocation information, user-generated content, and financial information we collect for a variety of business purposes, as discussed below:
Fulfilling your purchases;
Responding to your requests or other forms of customer service;
Fulfilling contests or sweepstakes;
Improving our services or developing new ones; and/or
Security or fraud prevention.
Outlook may also use
identifiers, commercial information, online activity, and inferences for the following commercial purposes:
Contacting you with offers and promotions;
Marketing and advertising;
For analytical and demographic purposes (for example to create audiences based on demographic or location based information for marketing and customization purposes); and/or
As otherwise described to you when we collect your information;
Additionally, if you use the Sites to connect with third-party services, you authorize us to use information from and about you, on your behalf, to interact with these third-party services based on your requests.
3. How We Share Your Information.
We share the information we collect with different third parties for different purposes. In the last 12 months, Outlook has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose (such as with our service providers who are restricted from using your personal information outside the scope of their services for Outlook):
Identifiers (e.g., contact information) disclosed to payment processors, customer service platforms,
communication platforms, e-mail providers,
data analytics providers, and cloud storage services;
Commercial Information disclosed to payment processors, data analytics providers, and cloud service providers ;
In the last 12 months, Outlook has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a commercial purpose (such as to provide you with or to limit advertising):
Identifiers disclosed to advertising partners and social media platforms;
Online Activity disclosed to advertising partners and social media platforms.
We may also share your information in the following ways:
for the purpose(s) for which you provided the information;
with your consent;
as legally required or permitted (for example, in response to a court order, or if we believe someone has violated our Terms of Use or as we think necessary to protect our company, to protect others from injury, or on matters related to public safety;
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, affiliates, assets, or other business units. If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, we may transfer information we have collected about you to such entity.
In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, your information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through the Sites in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Outlook may also share aggregate or anonymous non-identifying information with third parties, including affiliated companies and non-affiliated companies, for their marketing or analytics uses.
Psychics/Your Privacy
The psychics on our Sites are independent contractors and Outlook does not directly employ them. We contractually require that the psychics protect the privacy of your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy and that they not use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than providing you with the services you request through the Sites or by phone. You should also take care to protect your personal information and privacy. There is no reason for you to provide any of the psychics on our Sites with personal contact information or specific financial information, including, but not limited to, account numbers or other confidential information related to your identity, and if you do so, Outlook bears no liability for any resulting actions.
4. Your Rights and Choices.
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access and rights to the personal data that you may have provided through your use of the Sites. If you wish to make changes to your account information, you can do so by accessing the My Account section of your member account or by sending an e-mail with your requests to Privacy@californiapsychics.com.
A.	Rights Under European Law
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), and wish to access, amend, delete, or transfer any personal data we hold about you, you may send an e-mail with your requests to Privacy@californiapsychics.com, or contact us by postal mail at the contact information listed in the “How to Contact Us” section below. We will make every effort to respond to your request within 30 days. To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or fulfilling your requests.
While any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
In certain circumstances, you also have the right to object to Outlook processing your personal information. You may decline to share certain personal data with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Sites or certain of our services.
In circumstances where you have provided your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent.
If you believe your right to privacy granted by applicable data protection laws has been infringed upon, please contact Privacy@californiapsychics.com. If you live in the EEA, you also have a right to lodge a complaint with data protection authorities.
B.	Unsubscribe Preferences
You can view or change your preferences to receive subscriptions (e.g., horoscopes, newsletters), promotional communications, and alerts at any time by accessing the Mail Preferences and My Alerts sections of your member account, or by contacting us at Privacy@californiapsychics.com.
You also may choose to stop receiving such communications delivered by e-mail by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the emails. Even if you unsubscribe from certain emails, we may still send you messages regarding transactions you’ve made or other important non-marketing communications.
C.	Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures
Certain parts of our Sites require cookies. You are free to set your browser or operating system settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Sites or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Please refer to your Web browser’s or operating system’s website or “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your browser or operating system from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences.
Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. To learn more about the use of cookies or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and to know your choices about not having this information used by certain participating providers, please click here. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please click here.
You can also view our
Cookie Policy for additional information related to cookies and tracking. You may not be able to opt out of targeted advertising from certain ad networks, and you will also continue to receive generic ads.
D.	Your California Privacy Rights
In addition to the information and rights described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, if you are a California resident, you may request that Outlook disclose to you what personal information we collect about you, or request that we delete the personal information we hold about you. This section provides information about how we use your information, and how to make requests.
Categories of Personal Information Sold
In the last 12 months, Outlook has sold the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers, Commercial Information, sold to data analytics providers and business partners;
Online Activity, sold to advertising partners;
We do not knowingly sell personal information about persons under the age of 16.
Access and Deletion Requests
As a California resident, you have the right to know what personal information Outlook has collected, disclosed, and sold about you. In particular, you may:
Request, up to two times each year, that we disclose:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you in the preceding 12 months, the business purpose for such collection, and corresponding categories of sources from which we collected the information;
the categories of personal information, and the categories of
third parties to whom we disclosed your personal information in the preceding 12 months, and the business or commercial purpose for such disclosure; and
the categories of personal information and the categories of third parties to whom we sold your personal information in the preceding 12 months, and the commercial purpose for such sale.
Request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from or about you. Note that there are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, for our internal purposes, or to comply with a legal obligation.
To take advantage of any of these rights, please contact us at Privacy@californiapsychics.com or use the mailing address in the “How to Contact Us” section below. We may request certain information to verify your identity before we can respond to your access and deletion requests.
We value your privacy and will not discriminate in response to your exercise of your privacy rights. Outlook will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and will respond to your request within 45 calendar days, after proper verification, unless we need additional time, in which case we will let you know.
Sale Opt-Out Requests
To opt out of the sale of your personal information, please click on the Do Not Sell My Personal Information link on our website footer or provided here, or you can email us at Privacy@californiapsychics.com.
Opt-out requests are processed within 15 business days.
Agent Requests
You may authorize someone to make a privacy rights request on your behalf (an authorized agent). Authorized agents will need to demonstrate that you’ve authorized them to act on your behalf, and that they are registered with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California, or must demonstrate they have power of attorney pursuant to applicable probate law. Outlook retains the right to request confirmation directly from you confirming that the agent is authorized to make such a request, or to request additional information to confirm the agent’s identity. An authorized agent is prohibited from using a consumer’s personal information, or any information collected from or about the consumer, for any purpose other than to fulfill the consumer’s requests, for verification, or for fraud prevention.
5. Retention of Your Data
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to address outstanding account balances, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
6. International Transfers
Outlook is a global business and it, or its service providers, may process, transfer, and store information about our users on servers located in a number of countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), including in the United States.
Since we are committed to protecting your information, we take steps to ensure that there are appropriate safeguards in place when we transfer that data.
7. How We Secure Your Information
Outlook is committed to handling your customer information with high standards of information security. We maintain numerous safeguards to guard your personal information.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security, so we recommend being careful about the information you share on our Sites. If you have any questions about security on our Sites, you can contact us at Privacy@californiapsychics.com.
8. Testimonials
We may display personal testimonials of customers on our Sites in addition to ratings and other endorsements.
With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name.
If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at Privacy@californiapsychics.com.
9. Third Party Content, Links, and Plug-ins
Our Sites include links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from Outlook’s. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, their privacy policies govern your information. We are not responsible for the practices of such sites, and encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
The Sites may offer you the ability to interact with social plugins from social media features, such as the Facebook Like and Share buttons, and other widgets and interactive mini-programs that run on our Sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. As with linked sites, we have no control over the information that social network plugins collect, store, or use, and we are not responsible for the practices of such sites. In addition, we may receive certain information about you from a third party social network if you choose to link to us or use certain social media features, based on your registration and privacy settings on those third-party services.
10. Send to a Friend
If you choose to use our referral function to tell a friend about our Sites, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Sites. Outlook stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at Privacy@californiapsychics.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
11. Children’s Privacy.
Protecting children’s privacy is important to us. Our Sites are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. Outlook does not knowingly collect or store personal information from anyone under the age of 16. No one under the age of 18 may use the Sites’ premium services. If you have concerns about our Sites or the services offered on our Sites, or if you believe that your child under 16 has gained access to our Sites, you may contact us at Privacy@californiapsychics.com.
12. Revisions to this Privacy Policy.
Outlook reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Sites.
If you continue to use the Sites after we have changed this Privacy Policy, that means you accept these changes.
If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.
13. How to Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you may e-mail us at Privacy@californiapsychics.com or write to the following address:
Privacy
2900 W. Alameda, Suite 400
Burbank, CA 91505
Get The California Psychics Mobile App.
View Full Site
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Become an Affiliate