https://www.religiousmall.com/privacy.php
$ Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
$ US Dollar
Track Order
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
***
SORRY WE ARE CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE
***
Categories
HOME
Byzantine Icons
Wooden Icons
Metal Icons
Icons with Silver 920-950
Handpainted Hagiography Icons
Flower Hagiographies
Classic Icons
Byzantine Icons Emvacic
Icons and Religious Items
Catholic Icons and Classics
Show All Byzantine Icons
Church Supplies
Altar and Communion Covers
Anditheron and Artoclasia bowls
Anointing Oil Bottles
Baptismal Fonts
Candelabrum
Candle Cases
Candle stands for Holy Table Akoimita
Candles etc
Church Banners and Flags
Church Fans Exapterigo
Church Furniture
Ecclesiastical Censers
Ecclesiastical Chalice Set
Ecclesiastical Zeon
Gifts for Priest Church Father
Gospels - Evangelium Coverings
Oil candles for Holy Table - Akoimita
Pectoral Crosses, Engolpion
Tabernacle, Holy Bread Box
Show All Church Supplies
Wedding and Baptism
Baptism Pins
Baptismal Fonts
Evil Eyes
Wedding Crowns and Woodcases
Show All Wedding and Baptism
For Christian Home
Christian Gifts
Christian Books
Vigil Oil Candles Kantili
Incense Burners
Crosses
Candle Stands
Prosphora Seals
Koliva decorations
Show All For Christian Home
FAQ
About us
Contact us
Checkout
Privacy Policy
Shop by Category
Byzantine Icons
- Wooden Icons
- Metal Icons
- Icons with Silver 920-950
- Handpainted Hagiography Icons
- Flower Hagiographies
- Classic Icons
- Byzantine Icons Emvacic
- Icons and Religious Items
- Catholic Icons and Classics
Church Supplies
- Altar and Communion Covers
- Anditheron and Artoclasia bowls
- Anointing Oil Bottles
- Baptismal Fonts
- Candelabrum
- Candle Cases
- Candle stands for Holy Table Akoimita
- Candles etc
- Church Banners and Flags
- Church Fans Exapterigo
- Church Furniture
- Ecclesiastical Censers
- Ecclesiastical Chalice Set
- Ecclesiastical Zeon
- Gifts for Priest Church Father
- Gospels - Evangelium Coverings
- Oil candles for Holy Table - Akoimita
- Pectoral Crosses, Engolpion
- Tabernacle, Holy Bread Box
Wedding and Baptism
- Baptism Pins
- Baptismal Fonts
- Evil Eyes
- Wedding Crowns and Woodcases
For Christian Home
- Christian Gifts
- Christian Books
- Vigil Oil Candles Kantili
- Incense Burners
- Crosses
- Candle Stands
- Prosphora Seals
- Koliva decorations
Privacy Policy
(Updated 5/19/2018)
At ReligiousMall.com your privacy is important to us. Our team has made a commitment to meet the strict requirements regarding how we treat your
information.
Below is a full disclosure of the information we collect and how it is used. It reflects our efforts to also comply with the EU GDPR requirements.In its most simple terms, the GDPR empowers you, the consumer, to be the owner of your data. It seems we have already been providing this power to you and took further steps to ensure that a complete review, adjust, erase, and restrict your data processing power is facilitated online and is provided to you readily and promptly.
Cookies
When you visit our site, we will request your browser to place one or more permanent cookie (a very small text file) on your computer. If you have
your browser configured to accept cookies, it will accept the cookie
and place it on your computer's hard drive. We collect this information
to analyze where our customers are coming from, how often they visit
our site, improve and customize our content to you and remember your shopping cart and your last visit so you can continue were you left off. Specifically on a first visit we use cookies that contain a large random string which when you re-visit allows us to relate your new visit to your previous visits (Language, Currency & Session)Our site also uses Google Analytics which also requires session identifying cookies on your computer.
You can visit our site without cookies if you choose to do so.
To visit our site without cookies, you can configure your browser to
reject all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set. You can also delete all or any of the cookies received from us using your browser after or during your visit. Check the help
menu of you browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
How you can control the information collected by Google Analytics and us
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with our site which uses Google services:
Google provides Ad Settings that help you control ads you see through Google ad services. You can also learn how ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings, My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information Google may collect from your visit to our site. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and our site uses Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with the site. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can install the Google Analytics browser add-on. Learn more about Google Analytics and privacy in respective Google GDPR pages.
Most browsers offer an Incognito mode which allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser.
What information we collect
On each visit or access to our site we are also logging the pages you visit along with certain technical information which are:
The IP address of your computer
Your Browser User agent (which identifies the type of browser application you are using)
the address of a referring web site, if any
The time of your visitThe page you visit and the data you enter except  "sensitive" data which are:
your password is not stored, only a hash that may be used to know if the password you enter is same as intended.
credit cards are not stored, only approval codes as received from the transaction.
When you choose to place an item to your shopping cart, that item is also associated with your session identifier.As per above, when you decide to order with us, you are invited to
log in (optional), so that we can send you your order and calculate shipping and costs. As a newcomer,
you are given the option to place your order as a guest or register for future identification.We also collect certain technical information from your computer, like your IP address and the address of a referring web site, if any. This information will allow us to enhance our site to our customer's preferences.
Placing an order
When you decide to place an order, you are asked to complete an
order form. The order form requires your name, billing and shipping
address, credit card number and expiration dates. You could also include
other information fields such as your telephone number, to allow us to
contact you regarding your order if necessary. We also collect certain technical information from your computer, like your IP address and the address of a referring web site, if any. This information will allow us to enhance our site to our customer's preferences. This information is used
to make your shopping experience with us as smooth and pleasant as
possible. We do not share this information with any party, other than
what is necessary to send you your order.To ship an item we have to provide your shipping information to the selected carrier.When we send your item we will contact you to let you know that your order is sent and provide you with a tracking number in most cases. We will store the tracking number for your order status page. We will also contact you regarding any issue or update to do with your specific order.
Sharing your information with the shipping courier
Religiousmall will send your order through a postal courier determined by the nature of order, destination, price and customer choice.
Potential couriers are USPS & Elta (offline). They are reputable controllers who are liable for
their compliance with the GDPR and Religiousmall believes provide ‘sufficient guarantees’ that the
requirements of the GDPR will be met and the rights of data subjects protected. Your explicit consent to share your
name, address and phone number with these couriers is also requested when placing an order or getting a shipping quote.
Links
Our site may contain links to other related sites. We are  not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or content of such
Web sites.
Relationships
We do maintain special relationships with a number
of business partners. However, no customer information is
shared with such business partners except for the specific purpose of sending you your specific order.
Security
The security of your personal information is very important to
us. In an effort to protect your personal information, we use Secure
Sockets Layer (SSL) technology with 128 bit encryption. If your browser
supports SSL (most current browsers do), it will automatically encrypt
the information you provide to us on the secure pages on our site,
before sending it over the Internet.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy:
We never collect or maintain information at our website from
those we actually know are under 13, nor is any part of our website
structured to attract anyone under 13.
Right of Access to personal data
All your data can be accessed using your account pages. If you would like to receive any further data you feel may not be contained please contact us. We are striving to find the most secure way to make these available for you as needed.
Right to be Forgotten, Right to Data Rectification
If you choose to register an account with us, your information will be readily accessible by you, alterable/editable and deletion or restriction of processing can be requested at any time and acted upon promptly. In the even of deletion request please start your Contact us Enquiry "Customer data deletion request" for restriction of processing please start with "Customer restriction of processing"