http://www.cfgm.org/privacy-statement/
Who We Are
Mission & Vision
Board
Committees
Staff
Careers
Financial Information
What We Offer
Investment Pools & Returns
Fund Agreements
Donor Services
What Our Donors Say
Our Impact
Annual Report
Strategic Plan
Give Now
Nonprofits
Build a Profile
Available Grants
Invest with Us
Community Room
Advisors
Investment Pools & Returns
Fund Agreements
Gift Planning
Continuing Education
Navigator Society
Scholarships
2020 Recipients
Scholarship FAQs
Contact
News
LIVEGIVEmidsouth
GiVE 365
LOGIN
Donor Login
Grant Login
Scholarships Login
Board Login
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This website is owned and operated by the Community Foundation of Greater Memphis. Our intention is to inform and educate visitors about our work as a grantmaker, community resource, and philanthropic partner to local individuals, families, and organizations. The Community Foundation of Greater Memphis is committed to honoring the privacy of all those we work with, including visitors to our website and subscribers to our electronic newsletters.
Personal Information
Your right to privacy is very important to us. We recognize that providing the Community Foundation of Greater Memphis with your personal information is an act of trust. When you visit cfgm.org or give365memphis.org, you remain anonymous, as we do not require registration to view our website or access information.
We will request information through online forms used to register for events. The Foundation does not share or make public any personal information gathered through our website.
If you are a Community Foundation of Greater Memphis fund holder and you use DonorView, our online system, you provide personal information to authenticate your identity. That information is only used on this site and is not distributed or sold to any other party or site. The DonorView portal's data is protected in transit by a TLS connection encrypted with minimum 128 bit ciphers, using a RapidSSL SHA2-signed certificate. The application is protected by a web application firewall that mitigates the OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities.
Public Information
Under IRS Code, the following Foundation documents are public information:
Exemption letter from the IRS (viewable here)
Approved application for exemption with supporting documentation (available for public inspection by request)
IRS Forms 990 and affiliated schedules for the past three years.
The Community Foundation of Greater Memphis will make available for public inspection the last three years of the IRS Form 990 and IRS Form 990-T (if applicable). If the request is made in person, the documents will be provided on the same day when possible. If the request is made in writing, the documents will be provided within seven days. Email Vice President of Finance or call him at (901) 728-4600 with questions concerning these documents. Electronic copies are available online at no charge at Guidestar.org.
You may view the last five years of Audited Annual Financial Statements here.
Lists of our donors, other than those published in the Annual Report, are not available to the public. We do not reveal the name of anonymous donors to the recipient of a grant.
Third Party Sites
Throughout our website(s), we offer links to third party sites. Since we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review their privacy policies as well.
Communications
If at any time you wish to stop receiving the Community Foundation of Greater Memphis’s electronic newsletters or other communications, or to be removed from our email list, you may unsubscribe from that list as explained in each message. The Community Foundation will not give your email addresses to other organizations; however, we may occasionally send you mailings regarding events or other information.
Questions and Comments
We welcome comments and questions on this policy. To share feedback or to request information from the Foundation, please send an email to info [at] cfgm [dot] org or write to:
Community Foundation of Greater MemphisATTN: Marketing & Communications, Privacy Policy1900 Union AvenueMemphis, TN 38104