http://www.openhandweb.org/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
User Menu
Home
Contact us
Log in
Main menu
HOME
OPENHAND
About us
Open
Aspasia
Facilitaton
PHILOSOPHY
BREAKTHROUGH: divine revelations
5GATEWAYS: profound spiritual routemap
DIVINICUS: rise of the divine human
Openway: your 'spiritual compass'
Openhand Meditation:
"soulmotion"
SERVICES
5D Ascension Program
5D Shift Seminars
Facilitator Program
Spiritual Facilitation
ARTICLES
5D Ascension
The Soul
Meditation
Spirituality
Enlightenment
Authentic Reality
Multidimensionality
Universal Life Energy
Chakras, Karma, Kundalini
VIDEO
Openhand Video Diaries
Spiritual Inspiration
LiveStreams & Interviews
Openhand Seminars
Openhand Documentaries
AUDIO
Meditation Downloads
Online Guided Meditations
Spiritual Interviews
BOOKS
BREAKTHROUGH
5GATEWAYS
DIVINICUS
COMMUNITY
Forums
Register
Openhanders
Facilitator Network
EVENTS
General
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Openhand (trading as "Openhand Ventures" – and henceforth referred to as "Openhand") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the Openhand website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Openhand.
PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways: including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
NON-PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilised and other similar information.
WEB BROWSER COOKIES
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
Openhand may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
* To improve User service: Information you provide helps us respond to your service requests and support needs more efficiently.
* To personalise User experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
* To improve our Site: We may use feedback you provide to improve our services and any products offered.
* To process payments: We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
* To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Openhand will not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners and trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have opted into our marketing service through newsletter subscription and website sign-up.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Openhand has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
38343 Reads
38343 views
Featured EventCheck out all our EVENTS in 2020
Advanced Course ProgramCatalyse your spiritual evolution
.................Openhand Courses
Openhand Book Trilogy
PARADIGM SHIFT
Ascension into the New Paradigm
Conscious Change VideoBreak through Your Tightness
Inspiring Seminar Clip
About Openhand
Openhand Facilitator Network Work with an Openhand Facilitator:
Openhand Facilitator Network
Not for profitOpenhand is operated as a not for profit organisation. All revenue is reinvested to help others in their journey of Spiritual Evolution.
Empowering people to connect with their COSMIC DIVINE BEING, to come into alignment with the natural flow of the Universe, and thereby to join Gaia's ASCENSION Shift into Higher Dimensions of Consciousness.
Services & Support
Book Series
5D Ascension Program
Event Schedule
Spiritual Facilitation
Speaking Engagements
Connect
Contact
Get Our Newsletters
Join Web Community
User Menu
Home
Contact us
Log in
Search form
Search
Empowering people to connect with their COSMIC DIVINE BEING, to come into alignment with the natural flow of the Universe, and thereby to join Gaia's ASCENSION Shift into Higher Dimensions of Consciousness.
Services & Support
Book Series
5D Ascension Program
Event Schedule
Spiritual Facilitation
Speaking Engagements
Connect
Contact
Get Our Newsletters
Join Web Community
Design by Adaptivethemes.com