http://www.workrant.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Our Site
Welcome to workrant.com (our "Site"). This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about visitors to our site ("you") and how we ensure it is kept secure and confidential. Please read this Privacy Policy alongside our Terms and Conditions of Use.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as by using our Site, we assume you have read and accepted it. If you do not agree with its content, you shouldn't use our Site.
What information do we collect or receive and how is it used?
We collect your email address when you submit comments or subscribe for Site updates and this is used by WordPress.com to send you automatic updates of new content. Please note that your email address will be stored on our server and WordPress.com servers. Should you wish to unsubscribe or modify your subscription, each email will contain a link that will allow you to do so.
Our Site uses Google Analytics to collect data about you including how you got here, how long you stay, what country you're connecting from and more. This information allows us to understand our visitors and how Site content is being used. No personally identifiable information is collected. If you wish, you can opt out of Google’s advertising tracking cookie or use a browser plugin to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking software.
Any personal data you enter when you submit rants, comments or subscribe for Site updates will be kept confidential and not disclosed to any third party other than that mentioned above, except in exceptional circumstances where we are required or permitted to do so by law.
We do our best to keep any information you disclose to us secure. However, we can’t guarantee its security. By using our Site you accept there are inherent risks when you provide information online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security.
Cookies
Cookies are files sent by us to the device you are using to access our Site (e.g. your computer). The information we derive from using cookies is only used to make the Site better or provide us with statistics about the way users generally navigate it. We do not use cookies to identify any individual users of the Site.
In compliance with legislation requirements, this web site uses a cookie control system which appears to everyone on their first visit and asks users to accept the use of cookies if they wish to continue using the site. It is possible to stop cookies being stored on your device. You can find instructions on how to do this at AboutCookies.org. However, please note that doing this may affect your experience on the Site.
Links
Our Site contains links to third party websites that are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Read our Terms and Conditions for further information about the links we use. We always recommend you read the Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions of any external web sites you visit.
Changes
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect updates in privacy legislation, best practice or the Site itself. We will alert you to any changes on this page, but it is your responsibility as a user of the Site to check it on a regular basis. Changes are effective as soon as they are posted.
Effective as of: 9 June 2016
http://www.healthordisease.com
http://nosubhealth.com
http://healthlibr.com