http://www.emcdda.europa.eu/about/legal-notice
Quick links
Cannabis policy: recent developments
COVID-19
Drug profiles
Drugs and the darknet
EMCDDA 25 years
EMCDDA Document Library
EU drugs action plan
EU Drug Markets Report
European Drug Report
Health and social responses guide
Key epidemiological indicators
Lisbon addictions
Media library
New psychoactive substances (NPS)
Partners
Policy evaluation toolkit
Wastewater analysis and drugs
Videos
Data
Countries
Topics (A-Z)
Our activities
Best practice
Publications
Events
News
About
Home
About
Legal notice, disclaimer and copyright
Important legal notice
The information on this site is subject to a disclaimer, a copyright notice and rules related to personal data protection. You can also find information on how personal data is used for the sending of e-mail newsletters.
Disclaimer
The Agency's goal is to keep this information and material timely and accurate. If errors are brought to its attention, the Agency will try to correct them.
However, the Agency accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any direct or consequential loss or damage that might occur to you and/or any other third party) arising out of, or in connection, with the information on this site, including information relating to the documents it publishes.
In particular, the Agency is indemnified from and against all costs, proceedings, claims, expenses and liabilities whatsoever arising from any breach by any legal or natural person as a result of any representation or warranty providing to be a misrepresentation.
The information the Agency provides is:
of a general nature only and is not intended to address the specific circumstances of any particular individual or entity;
not necessarily comprehensive, complete, accurate or up to date;
sometimes linked to external sites over which the Agency has no control and for which the Agency assumes no responsibility;
not professional or legal advice
not a substitute for the exercise of professional or clinical judgement and if you are not qualified or experienced enough to make that judgement, you should take professional advice
not advice or recommendation and we do not intend you to rely upon it when making (or refraining from making) any clinical or individual decision
note that it cannot be guaranteed that a document available online reproduces an officially adopted text precisely. Thus, in case of disagreement, the official adopted text will always prevail.
It is the Agency's goal to minimise disruption caused by technical errors. However, some data or information on the website may have been created or structured in files or formats that are not error-free. The Agency cannot guarantee that its service will not be interrupted or otherwise affected by such problems. The Agency accepts no responsibility whatsoever with regard to such problems incurred as a result of using this website
Back to top of page
Copyright notice
© EMCDDA, 1995-2019
Reproduction is authorised, provided the source is acknowledged, save where otherwise stated, and the information is not used in a misleading way.
Where prior permission must be obtained for the reproduction or use of textual and multimedia information (sound, images, software, etc.), such permission shall cancel the above-mentioned general permission and shall clearly indicate any restrictions on use.
Back to top of page
Personal data including 'cookies'
The European Union is committed to user privacy. The policy on 'protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by the Community institutions' is based on Regulation (EU) 2018/1725 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 October 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data by the Union institutions, bodies, offices and agencies and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Regulation (EC) No 45/2001 and Decision No 1247/2002/ECText with EEA relevance.
Although you can browse through most of the EMCDDA website without giving any information about yourself, in some cases, personal information may be required in order to provide the e-services you request. In this respect:
For each specific service, a controller determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data and ensures conformity of the specific service with the privacy policy;
At the EMCDDA, the Data Protection Officer, dpo[a]emcdda.europa.eu, monitors the compliance with the Regulation and advises controllers on fulfilling their obligations (click here for more information about Data protection at the EMCDDA);
For all EU Institutions and Agencies, the European Data Protection Supervisor acts as an independent supervisory authority with regard to the protection of personal data.
Data subjects have the right to access their personal data and the right to rectify any data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
The EMCDDA collects information on website usage for the purpose of analysing your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. A cookie is stored on your device for this purpose. This data is not shared with any third parties and is used uniquely by the EMCDDA for the purposes stated above.
In some cases, the EMCDDA provides links to third party sites. Since we do not control them, we encourage you to review their privacy policies.
If you have any questions about the processing of your e-mail and related personal data, do not hesitate to include them in your message.
For more information regarding the use of personal data, please contact dpo[a]emcdda.europa.eu.
Back to top of page
Newsletters
The EMCDDA uses Mailchimp as a platform for sending e-mail newsletters informing about its activities according with Regulation (EC) No 1920/2006 on the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction.
Providing a valid e-mail address is a pre-requisite to receive the newsletters. By using one of the subscription forms, data subjects acknowledge that their personal data information, as provided by them, will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. A copy of the relevant Mailchimp privacy policy may be obtained through this link.
Data controller: Head of Communication unit, DC-COM[a]emcdda.europa.eu (available soon)
The personal data will be handled by staff members of the EMCDDA Communication unit. The data provided will be stored until the data subject unsubscribes from the e-mail newsletter. Subscribers can at any point consult the data stored, modify it and unsubscribe directly via the Mailchimp system (‘Update your preferences’). Hyperlinks to do so are included in every e-mail newsletter.
For all EU Institutions and Agencies, the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) acts as an independent supervisory authority with regard to the protection of personal data. If you have any remarks or complaints regarding the way we process your personal data, you can contact also the EDPS.
Data protection officer: Data Protection Officer, dpo[a]emcdda.europa.eu
Back to top of page
Loading