http://www.thevinecommunitychurch.org.uk/about/legal/data-privacy-notice
Home
About Us
Back
What we believe
Back
Values
Who's Who
Where we meet
Images Galleries
Links with Kenya
Back
New Life Homes
Kenya 2009 Gallery
Kenya 2011 Gallery
Non-active projects
Back
Royal Junior Academy
St James Academy
Back
Bishop James Ocholla
Legal
Back
Charitable status
Data Privacy Notice
Coronavirus update
Community
Back
Community Impact
What's On
Sunday Services
Back
What to expect
Listen to Sermons
Watch Services
Youth & Children's Work
Back
KidZone
Souled Out
Connect Groups
Assist
Coffee Connect
TT Book Club
Joint Churches
Back
Holy Week 2020
TKC 2020
Vine Centre
Back
About the Vine Centre
Library Opening Times
On-Line Services
Location
Covid-19 update
Vine Words
Connect
Back
Get in touch
Contact Form
Mailing Sign Up
Alpha Online
Data Privacy Notice
font size
decrease font size
increase font size
Print
Email
DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
The Vine Community Church, Cherry Willingham
1. Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
2. Who are we?
The Vine Community Church is the data controller (contact details below).  This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
3. How do we process your personal data?
The Trustees, Staff and Volunteers of, The Vine Community Church,  Cherry Willingham, complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: -
To administer membership records;
To fundraise and promote the interests of the charity;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at, or run by The Vine Community Church;
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in a particular geographical area as specified in our constitution;
To share your contact details, where you have given consent with other organisations who can provide assistance following identification through our voluntary work
4. What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and keep you informed about diocesan events.
Processing is necessary for carrying out legal obligations in relation to Gift Aid or under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement;
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided: -
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent.
5. Sharing your personal dataYour personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We will only share your data with third parties with your consent.
6. How long do we keep your personal data?We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out in The Vine Community Church’s Privacy, Security and Data retention policy.
Specifically, we retain membership data while it is still current including for a defined period after contact is lost; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to 6 years after the calendar year to which they relate; information relating to voluntary work funded by Grants we retain recipient individual’s data while current and for a determined time past the end of the engagement and/or the grant funding.
7. Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: -
The right to request a copy of your personal data which the Vine Community Church, Cherry Willingham holds about you;
The right to request that the Vine Community Church, Cherry Willingham corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the Vine Community Church, Cherry Willingham to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your data at any time
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable) [Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means].
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable) [Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics]
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
8. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
9. Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact: The Data Controller. The Vine Community Church, PO BOX 1236, Lincoln. LN5 5NW.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Tweet
back to top