http://www.carrollcreekrotary.org/privacy-policy
Member Login
Contact Us
Home
Rotary Club of Carroll Creek
Rotary Club of Carroll Creek
Rotary and Our ClubRotary FoundationLeadershipMember DirectoryRCCC BlogCalendarMaking a DifferenceLocal OutreachGlobal OutreachNext Big ProjectCommunity GrantsFundraisingJoin UsVirtual MeetingsFuture Rotarians
Home
Privacy Policy
Calendar
Dec 16, 2020
» Virtual Meeting
Dec 23, 2020
» Virtual Meeting
See Full Calendar
RCCC In Action
Insurance & Risk In The New World of COVID
FNP History Bee CANCELLED
FNP Cancels Annual History Bee
Rotary Hands-On Service as Proctors Deferred Pending Event Re-scheduling...
Carroll Creek Clipper
See More
RCCC Tweets
Privacy Policy
Rotary Club of Carroll Creek respects the privacy of users who visit this Site. The following policies are in effect for all of the Web pages operated by Rotary Club of Carroll Creek. Please read our Privacy Policy from time to time, since it may be modified periodically.
Keeping Your Information Secure
Keeping your personal information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. We will safeguard, according to established standards of security and confidentiality, any information our users share with us. We access information when needed to maintain accounts, ensure that our services are meeting user needs, when considering a request for additional services or when exercising our rights under the law or any agreement with you. We continually access new technology for protecting information. Our employees are trained to understand and comply with these information principles.
When Information is Collected and Not Collected
In some circumstances, Rotary Club of Carroll Creek may request personal information from you, like your name, e-mail address, company name or telephone number. Your response to these inquiries is strictly voluntary. This information is stored and used by Rotary Club of Carroll Creek for internal and market research purposes only. We may also ask you to elect a user name and password or identification number to gain access to certain portions of our Site. We may also ask you to provide optional demographic information such as your zip code, your age range, or your product preferences. When a visitor requests pages on the Rotary Club of Carroll Creek site, our servers automatically recognize the browser's domain name and IP address. Our servers also record e-mail addresses that you submit for registration. We may also collect statistical information about how visitors are generally searching or using the Site and reserve the right to compile and publish profile information about our visitors without the visitor's name and addresses for reasonable business purposes.
We may use "cookies" (small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive) to track sessions and to personalize your experience on our Site. Such uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our users' needs. We also use this information, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to troubleshoot problems, to enforce our Terms and Conditions of use, and to make available to our users additional services that may be of interest to them. In general, Rotary Club of Carroll Creek will not share your information with anyone who is not an employee or affiliate of Rotary Club of Carroll Creek, or who has not signed an appropriate non-disclosure agreement.
In general, you can visit Rotary Club of Carroll Creek' sites without divulging any personal information. However, there are areas of Rotary Club of Carroll Creek' sites that require this information to complete their customization functions. These site areas may not be available to those choosing not to reveal the information requested.
How Rotary Club of Carroll Creek Uses Your Information
Rotary Club of Carroll Creek uses personally identifiable information to customize your experience on the Rotary Club of Carroll Creek' sites, to analyze site usage, and to improve our content and product offerings. Specifically, Rotary Club of Carroll Creek may use your personal information to alert you to products and services that can assist you in your business, to promote site registration, and to assist in order processing. Rotary Club of Carroll Creek will not sell, rent or share personally identifiable information about you to any unaffiliated third party unless we have previously informed you in disclosures or agreements, have been authorized by you, or are required by law. If we receive a subpoena or similar legal process demanding release of any information about you, we will generally attempt to notify you (unless we believe we are prohibited from doing so). Except as required by law or as described above, we do not share information with other parties, including government agencies. By posting e-mails or voice mails through Rotary Club of Carroll Creek you understand that the information is not secure.
Rotary Club of Carroll Creek reserves the right to change, modify, or update this statement at any time without notice.
Home P.O. Box 39Frederick, Maryland 21705Contact Us Connect with us
Facebook
RCCC
LinkedIn
Site Map
Rotary and Our Club
Rotary Foundation
Leadership
Members
RCCC Blog
Calendar
Making a Difference
Community Outreach
Next Big Project
Community Grants
Fundraising
Join Us
Future Rotarians
Make-Ups
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Rotary Club of Carroll Creek. All rights reserved
Site designed by
Jean Peterson Design
Powered by
Orases