http://www.realchristiansingles.com/privacy.php
The Premiere Christian Singles Website.
Home   |
Join   |
Forums   |   About   |   Privacy   |   Help
Welcome, Guest:
Join Real Christian Singles!
Member Login:
Username:
Password:
forgot password?
-Success Stories
-Singles Bookstore
Singles Articles
RealChristianSingles.com Privacy Policy
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the RealChristianSingles.com
website. The purpose of this statement is to notify you of what personally identifiable
information, if any, of yours will be collected and/or tracked by the RealChristianSingles.com
website, how it will be used, and what options are available to you regarding the
collection, correction and/or deletion of information.
About Realchristiansingles.com and the Information We Collect
We greatly value your
privacy as we do our own and would never give or sell your information to
another party. We collect your email address only upon registration at our message forum or if you
purchase a book from our bookstore and use
your Paypal account to purchase.
Realchristiansingles.com is a membership-based online matchmaking and dating service designed
to provide an easy way for Christian singles to meet each other on the Web. To accomplish
this, our members create their own unique profiles and our matching technology
provides them matches based on their pre-selected criteria. In order to do this,
we must ask for certain personal information, which may or may not include:
customer-specified RealChristianSingles.com username, gender, age, ethnic background,
appearance, religion, occupation, preference/lifestyle information and general
geographic location. This information is used by visitors for searching and
matching purposes. Much of this information is optional, and meant to only be
seen by members. Public information supplied by the user is intended to be viewed
by visitors to the site. Public information cannot be used to identify a specific
member by name, address, etc.
To create your member account, we may require information that includes, but
is not limited to: email address, first name, last name, birth date, a user-specified
password, mailing address, and zip code. We primarily use email addresses submitted
by members to verify enrollment, prove the legitimacy of a provided email address and to notify a member (Respondee) of a message sent by another member (Responder) who responds to a member's ad/profile. Respondees' email addresses are not disclosed to the responder.
We may also use a user's email address to send news regarding our site, but
the user may choose not to receive email of this type by contacting us. Email
addresses may also be used in private correspondence with the user for customer
service issues. All other private information submitted by the user is confidential
and will not be disclosed except as required by law, to protect members of
RealChristianSingles.com or in the event of a sale of this website. All private information can be updated or deleted
by the user at any time by request.
Aggregate information not directly submitted by users to RealChristianSingles.com
This is information we collect that is not personally identifiable, such as
browser type and IP address. This information is gathered for all users to the
site. Realchristiansingles.com also logs IP addresses for systems administration
purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user's session. This gives Realchristiansingles.com
an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses
to anything personally identifiable. This means a user's session will be tracked
for security purposes, but the user will be anonymous.
Except where you are expressly informed otherwise, we do not sell, rent, share,
trade or give away any of your personal information unless required by law or
for the protection of your membership.
Google Ads
The Google Ads that run in
places on this website affect our privacy policy in the following
ways:
Google, as a third party
vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on RealChristianSingles.com.
Google's use of the DART
cookie enables it to serve ads based on your visit to this site and other sites
on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the
use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and
content network privacy policy.
In addition to Google Ads,
we may use other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our website. These companies may use information (not including your name,
address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other
websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest
to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies, click
here.
Public Forums
RealChristianSingles.com makes forums available to its users. Please
remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information
and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifying
information.
Refer a Friend
RealChristianSingles.com encourages you to refer a friend to our service and at times provides a feature that allows you to do so directly from the site. In
this section you are able to send us a friend's name and email address. We simply
send a one-time email to that person which contains your name and invites them
to visit our site. We ask that you do not abuse this feature by entering names
and addresses of those who would not be interested in RealChristianSingles.com.
Links
This site contains links to other websites. Please be aware that RealChristianSingles.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices of other Web sites. We encourage
our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements
of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information
about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally
identifiable information while on our site. For instance, by setting a cookie
on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby
saving time while on our site. If a user rejects a cookie, they will not be
able to use our site. We do not and will not use cookies to collect private
information from any user.
Security
Realchristiansingles.com has security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse and alteration of the information stored in our database. These measures
include the use of Secure Server technology during administrative access to
site data as well as other proprietary security measures which are applied to
all repositories and transfers of user information.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose
personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief
that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding,
a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner
different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via
email. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices
that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will
post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some
cases where we post the notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive
communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. Your use of this website acknowledges your acceptance of our privacy policies.
Affiliate Disclaimer
This website accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship or other forms of compensation. The compensation received may influence the advertising content on this site. That content or advertising space may
not always be identified as paid or sponsored content.
The owner(s) of this website is
compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and
various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this website receives
compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest
opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or
products. The views and opinions expressed here are purely our own. Any
product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product
or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party
in question.
The
owner(s) of this website would like to disclose the following existing
relationships. Our relationship with this company may have an impact on
the content of this website.
We have a financial interest in Legacy Learning Systems.
When someone clicks a link from this website to one of their products
and makes a purchase, we are financially compensated. This is what is
known as an affiliate agreement and we are proud to have that
relationship with the Legacy Learning Systems company.
Recent Forum Topics: Hi From Sunny SF Bay Area Introduction Praying woman from Arkansas Praying woman from Arkansas Hello from Georgia! The Bible & Cannabis What sports do people like here? PRAYING WOMAN OF GOD FROM FL Hello from wales European Corner Tell me which is your country and I'll give you an... Scripture Union - Any volunteers?
Home | Articles |
Dating |
About |
Forums |
Arcade |
Contact
| Bookstore | FAQ | Groups | Christian pickup lines
© 2004-2016 Real Christian Singles ™ All Rights Reserved.