https://www.presbyterianwomen.org/privacy-policy
Who We Are
Our Purpose
Presbyterian Women Groups
PW in the Congregation
PW in the Presbytery
PW in the Synod
PW Churchwide
PW Sister Organizations
Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.)
Staff
Board of Directors
History
Affiliations
What We Do
Nurture Faith
Bible Study
World Day of Prayer
Fellowship of the Least Coin
Support Mission
Thank Offering
Birthday Offering
Together in Service
Mission Tours
Work For Justice and Peace
Racism
Human Trafficking
Violence
Advocacy
Education
Poverty
Mass Incarceration
Build Community
Racial Equity
Churchwide Gathering
USA Mission Experience
Global Exchange
Develop Leaders
Position Training
Event Planning
Leadership for a Changing Church
Cultural Humility and Leadership
Our Impact
Stories
Info and Stats
Giving & Funding
Donate
PW’s Annual Fund, the Mission Pledge
Thank Offering
Birthday Offering
Honorary Life Memberships
Recognition and Memorial Gifts
Together in Service
Publishing Ministry
Fellowship of the Least Coin
Widening the Circle Endowment Fund
Ways to Give
Individual Giving
Giving from the Congregation
Giving from the Presbytery
Grants
Birthday or Thank Offering Grant Criteria
Leadership Development Grants
News & Events
News
Event Calendar
Gathering
Horizons Magazine
Subscribe
Bible Study
Resources
Blog
Shop
Connect
New to PW?
0
Donate
Home · Online Privacy Policy
Home · Online Privacy Policy
Throughout this Online Privacy Policy, “we”, “us”, or “our” refers to Presbyterian Woman, and Site refers to this website.
We are dedicated to protecting your privacy while you are using or accessing this Site. This Online Privacy Policy applies solely to the Site. Once you enter another web site, via a link provided on the Site or by other methods, we are no longer responsible for the privacy practices of the linked site. You should review the privacy statements of those web sites as posted on the individual web sites. We reserve the right to collect use and user statistics from the Site. Use and user statistics will be used to track information such as visitor interests, which may be used to enhance and improve the Site in the future; however, such use and user statistics do not include personally identifiable information. Generally, no personally identifiable information is tracked or collected on the generally accessible portions of the Site, unless you voluntarily provide such information to us via web forms or surveys on the Site. However, if you access certain portions of the Site by using a particular account authorized by us and/or a user name and password, certain information including your user name and password will be collected and identified with the information we have on file for that user name, and the information and materials you access and actions you take while logged on with that user name, will be tracked by us.
We do not sell or otherwise distribute names or other personally identifiable information to third parties for direct marketing, sales or any other purposes. Except as noted herein, any personally identifiable information received by us is used solely for internal purposes and is not shared with any nonaffiliated organizations unless required to do so by law, upon governmental request or in response to a court order.
The Site is not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect any personally identifiable information, whether or not such information is voluntarily provided, from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian accesses the Site on behalf of a person under the age of 13, that parent or guardian is responsible for protecting that child’s personally identifiable information.
For questions, comments or assistance, please contact us.