http://www.giving.umn.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy
The University of Minnesota Foundation (UMF) respects the privacy of every individual with whom we engage and those who visit our websites. This page is an overview of our information practices, what personal data UMF collects through our interactions with you, how we use that data, and compliance. This includes what type of information is gathered, how the information is used, and if and with whom the information is shared.
How we collect personal data
UMF collects data to improve business operations and provide you the best experiences when interacting with our programs and websites. You provide some of this data directly when you share personal information through actions such as making a gift or updating your address. We also collect data on your interactions with our websites and emails using online tools like website analytics platforms and cookies.
We also obtain data from third parties and these sources change over time, but have included:
Data companies from whom we purchase demographic data to supplement and improve our alumni and donor records.
Partners with which we offer services or engage in joint marketing and event-related activities.
Publicly available sources.
UMF does not and will not rent, sell, trade, or market the personal data of constituents to third parties.
Our use of personal data
The data we collect is used to maintain our records, better communicate with constituents, improve website performance, and personalize your experiences.
Some additional detail about how we use personal data:
Records maintenance
As stewards of alumni and donor records for the University of Minnesota, UMF is responsible for the storage and maintenance of alumni and donor contact information. UMF performs this work on behalf of the university and its many schools, colleges, and units. We work to keep our constituents connected to the university and this can take shape in a variety of ways: alumni communications, newsletters from schools and colleges, donor gifts and appeals, alumni travel, and engagement opportunities.
Improved communication and engagement
The data we collect helps UMF and University of Minnesota business partners communicate with you. For example, we may contact you by phone, mail, email, or other means to inform you of campus news, invite you to events, or ask you to make a gift to the University.
We also use data to help understand stakeholder interests, so that we may build experiences that suit the unique interests of our stakeholders or show more relevant content on social media platforms.
If at any point you would like to change your communication preferences, please contact us at giving@umn.edu.
Optimizing website performance
We use data to improve and tailor the websites we provide for our constituents. We capture information about how website visitors use our sites, gathering details such as: the user’s internet browser, computer operating system and IP address, the website they use to get to our site, and information related to actions they take on the site. This helps us ensure our website meets the needs of our users, provides insights on how frequently our various pages are visited, and helps diagnose problems.
Personalizing your experience
Technology helps us personalize your experience with the U. The University of Minnesota community is vast, so we hope to provide a better experience for you by delivering customized content and experiences based on your interests. You may see custom content in the mail, on our websites, in email we send you, and in social media or in advertising.
Advertising
UMF uses data we collect through our interactions with you and through third party sources to customize the ads you see from us. We may use data we collect on third party website, such as Facebook and Google, so that they can deliver some of our ads you see on their sites, or affiliated sites and apps. Our goal is for you to see ads that may be of interest to you and those that will help you maintain your connection to the U of M. You can opt out from receiving interest-based advertising from us and other vendors by adjusting your settings on those platforms.
When we share personal data
We do share our data with campus partners, business associates, and select individuals and entities for alumni relations and fundraising purposes. We share your personal data as necessary to complete transactions or provide information you have requested or authorized. We also share data when required by law or to maintain the security of our systems.
UMF does not and will not rent, sell, trade, or market the personal data of constituents to third parties.
Updating your preferences
You can make choices about your preferences. How you can access or control your personal data will depend on the type of data.
Enter and update your information
UMF websites have four locations where visitors can voluntarily enter and update their contact information:
The Update Your Contact Information page is where you can update your mailing address, phone number, and email address so that the University of Minnesota and the foundation can stay in contact with you.
The U’s online giving website and URaiseMN crowdfunding site are where you can designate an online gift to the University of Minnesota. The foundation enters the information you provide—excluding your credit card number—into our secure donor database so that we have your gift history or change of address record. UMF does not store credit card information.
The foundation publication sign-up form lets people tell the UMF which publication they’d like to receive.
The UMN Influencer sign-up form is where people can join a community of social media users sharing great news about the impact of philanthropy at the U.
Opt out of communication
UMF respects the request of donor or other interested constituents to be removed from mailing or other distribution lists. You may opt out of future communications in one of the following ways:
Calling 612-624-3333 or 800-775-2187
Emailing: giving@umn.edu
Clicking an unsubscribe link in a foundation email (found at the bottom.)
Use of cookies
UMF uses cookies (small tracking files) and similar technologies to help collect online data. Cookies allow us to analyze how our websites and online services are performing and provide interest-based advertising.
You have a variety of tools to control cookies and related technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party service providers to opt out of data collection. Your browser and other technology choices may affect your experience with our websites and services or limit functionality.
Data security measures
UMF uses industry best practices to maintain Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance and keep donor personal data secure, accurate, current, and complete. Gifts made on the U of M online giving site are processed through a secure payment gateway, in order to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely for our donors.
Any information that you submit to our website is stored on secure servers that are not publicly accessible. Credit card data is never stored on UMF servers. When this data is downloaded for processing and business purposes, we take additional precautions to protect your data in our access-restricted offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific task are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any concerns about the security of our website, please contact us at giving@umn.edu.
Email privacy
The University of Minnesota respects the privacy of recipients of mass electronic mail to the extent permitted by law. Learn more about how the U protects mass email recipients.
Disclaimers
External website limitations
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that UMF is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites. This Notice applies solely to information collected by UMF websites.
Children
UMF websites and underlying pages are not directed towards children and do not knowingly solicit or collect information from children without signed parental consent for activities such as crowdfunding for U causes. Furthermore, we do not intentionally target interest-based advertising to children.
Contact us
Please contact us with any concerns or questions via email at giving@umn.edu or through the U.S. mail at:
University of Minnesota Foundation
200 Oak Street SE, Suite 500
Minneapolis, MN 55455-2010
612-624-3333
800-775-2187 (toll-free)
612-625-4305 (fax)
Disclosures
Statement scope
This statement applies only to the University of Minnesota Foundation. This statement does not apply to the University of Minnesota. For more information about the U of M privacy policies and GDPR, visit: https://privacy.umn.edu.
GDPR
The University of Minnesota Foundation is committed to compliance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). For more information about University-wide GDPR compliance measures: https://privacy.umn.edu/general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr
Notification of changes
UMF reserves the right to alter this statement at any time by posting a new one at this location. This privacy statement was last updated in August 2018.
About UMF
Board of Trustees
Employment opportunities
Financial information and administrative fees
Legal and tax information
Submit
Main navigation
Home
About the campaign
How gifts are used
Campaign priorities
Campaign FAQ
Colleges, campuses, and units
Faculty and staff campaign
Recognition
News
Publications
Ways to give
Monthly gifts
Matching gifts
Check or credit card gifts
Endowment gifts
Corporate and foundation giving
Securities
Wills and trusts
Retirement assets
Gifts that provide income
IRA qualified charitable distribution
Real estate and other property
Donor-advised funds
Get involved
Become a U of M influencer
Crowdfund on URaiseMN
Attend an event
Host an event
Explore careers
Give now