http://www.koinoschurch.org/privacy-policy-cookie-policy
Skip to content
Menu
Visit
Connect
Groups
Children
Pre-Teen
Teens
Serve
Pray
About Us
Our Staff
Opportunities
Re*Gathering
Venue Rental
Listen
Watch
Give
Privacy Policy
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT
Koinos Church, ( Koinos), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Koinos Church of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Koinos Church, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of http://koinoschurch.org you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Koinos Church may have the occasion to collect non-personal anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, household income, political affiliation, race and religion, as well as the type of browser you are using, IP address, type of operating system, at a later time, that will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
Use of Information Collected
Koinos Church may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from http://koinoschurch.org. Koinos Church may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
Koinos Church does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of its customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
Koinos Church may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that their users may frequent in an effort to gleam what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public.
Koinos Church may disclose your personal information, without any prior notice to you, unless required to do in accordance to applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Koinos Church and/or its website;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Koinos Church; and
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of  users of http://koinoschurch.organd/or the general public.
Non-Marketing Purposes
Koinos Church greatly respects your privacy.  We do maintain and reserve the right to contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues, and/or changes in Koinos Church products and services).  In certain circumstances, we may use our website, newspapers, or other public means to post a notice.
Children Under Age of 13
Koinos Church does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to Info@koinoschurch.org. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out. Koinos Church will continue to adhere to the privacy policy described herein with respect to any personal information previously collected.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Koinos Church does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
Koinos Church shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to its offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control.
The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users’ trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
Koinos Church reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our website, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Koinos Church decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: info@koinoschurch.org
Telephone Number: 610-373-3690
Mailing Address:
Koinos Church
801 Commerce St
Sinking Spring, Pennsylvania 19608
Cookie Policy for Koinos Church
This is the Cookie Policy for Koinos Church, accessible from http://koinoschurch.org
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies, please read “What Are Cookies”.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Site preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: info@koinoschurch.org
801 Commerce Street
Sinking Spring, PA 19608
610-373-3690
Contact Us…
koinos (koy-nos’)
shared | together | open to all
CloseVisit
Connect
Groups
Children
Pre-Teen
Teens
Serve
Pray
About Us
Our Staff
Opportunities
Re*Gathering
Venue Rental
Listen
Watch
Give