http://www.peorialawyers.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
Our Firm
History
Vision and Mission
Testimonials
Attorneys
Frederick A. Johnson
James P. Johnson
James F. Kane
William W. P. Atkins
Practice Areas
Business
>
Business Formation
Employment & Labor
General Counsel
Governance
Not for Profit
Sales & Acquisitions
Succession Planning
Creditors' Rights
>
Collections
Evictions
Elder Law
Estate Planning & Probate
>
Estate Administration
Powers of Attorney
Wills & Trusts
Financial Institutions
>
Loan Documentation
Mortgage Foreclosure
Loan Workouts
Governmental Law
>
Municipal
Sanitary Districts
Civil Litigation & Appellate
Real Estate
>
Commercial
Development
Leasing
Residential
Taxation
>
Audits & Tax Court
Income Tax
Real Estate Tax Appeals
Title Insurance
News
Knowledge Center
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement explains how Johnson, Bunce & Noble, P.C. (“JBN”) collects and uses Personal Information, as defined below.  It applies to all users who register on our websites on or after the Effective Date, which is December 17, 2012.  Please read this Privacy Statement carefully. If you do not agree to our practices, please do not interact with JBN at www.peorialawyers.com, www.mycompanycounsel.com, www.jbntitle.com (or the mobile versions), or any of its subsidiary websites (collectively, the "Websites").Types of Personal Information We Collect Personal Information is defined as information that can be used to identify, locate, or contact an individual. It also includes other information that may be associated with or directly or indirectly ascertained from the Personal Information. We collect the information in and from the following: names, contact information, addresses, legal information, and location.How JBN Collects Personal Information We ask you for Personal Information when you contact JBN.  We use cookies and related technologies to collect information about your computer and your interaction with the Websites. We also collect information if you contact us via telephone, email, text, postal mail, social media interaction, or other methods of communication.If you use a third party, social media platform, or your mobile device (or other method of communication) to interact with JBN or the Websites, that application may have a specific privacy statement that governs the use of Personal Information related to that application. How JBN Uses Personal Information JBN uses Personal Information to operate and improve our Websites; fulfill requests for JBN services; communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you, such as newsletters, announcements, and marketing materials; send you reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages service bulletins.When and Why JBN Discloses Personal Information We will not disclose your Personal Information to third parties except as required under law. Your Choices Although we believe that collecting Personal Information may enhance your satisfaction with JBN, you do have choices to limit or prohibit the use of said information.  However, it is up to you to do so. Your Actions JBN is not responsible for protecting any information that you publically post onto our Websites.  Changes to this Privacy Statement From time to time, we may update this Privacy Statement to clarify our practices or to reflect new or different privacy practices, such as when we add new features to our Websites.  We reserve the right to make these changes without prior notice to you. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information about our privacy practices.
Copyright 2013-2019 - Johnson, Bunce & Noble, P.C. - All rights reserved
Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Intranet | Advertising Material
Live Chat
×
Connecting
Send
Submit
You:
::content::
::agent_name::
::content::
::content::
::content::