http://www.unityphx.org/privacy-policy
Unity of Phoenix Spiritual Center
We Inspire People to Live Better Lives
LIVE Services
9 & 11am Sunday
(Masks and social distancing required)
Online Services
9am Sunday
7pm Wednesday
HomeAbout UsNew Here?What is Unity?What to ExpectService TimesDirectionsTestimonialsServicesSundays at UnityWednesdays at UnityYouth & Family MinistriesAboutOur MinistersRacial EqualityLGBTQ+Our Board of TrusteesBoard Nomination PacketNomination FormOur FinancialsContact UsClasses & EventsClasses & EventsCalendar of ActivitiesPath to AwakeningOnline Classes via ZoomHoliday SchedulePlan Your EventWeddings & ReceptionsMemorials & ChristeningsVenue RentalGet InvolvedVolunteerVolunteer at UnityNew Volunteer RegistrationVolunteer PortalMembershipBecome a MemberMembership ApplicationTithing CommitteeTithing RecommendationGroupsSmall GroupsCircle GroupsCircles of GratitudeSpiritual SupportPrayerPrayer SupportSubmit a Prayer RequestGuided MeditationsPrayer Chaplain ApplicationCarePastoral VisitSpiritual CounselingOur MessagesStay ConnectedRead Our BlogSign Up to Receive Our EmailsWatch Our ServicesGuided MeditationsMasterMind MeditationGive
Privacy Policy
UnityPHX.org Websites Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
General
This Web site ("Site") is operated by Unity of Phoenix ("Unity").
By using this Site, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold Unity of Phoenix and Unity of Phoenix's subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, officers, directors and employees harmless from any and all claims, third party claims, liability, demands, damages and/or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from your use of or conduct on the Unity Web site, your violation of this agreement, or your infringement of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. You also agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the Site. This Site is governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, U.S.A. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Jackson County, Missouri, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Unity of Phoenix Web site.
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. Nonmaterial changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on this Site. If we make changes, we will post them and will indicate at the top of this page the policy's new effective date. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. Your continued use of the Unity of Phoenix Web site constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
Registration and User Accounts
Access to some sections and areas of the Unity of Phoenix Web site is limited specifically to those users who register with Unity of Phoenix or its affiliates or suppliers and obtain a user account (Registered User Areas). Use of the Registered User Areas without proper authorization is strictly prohibited and may subject you to civil or criminal prosecution.
To gain access to the Registered User Areas, you are required to open an account by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form. During the registration process, you will be asked to choose a user name and password. We HIGHLY recommend you use a complex and unique password for your account to prevent account theft. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name, password and account and you agree to never give your password out to another person except an administrator, for your protection and for validity reasons.
You are also responsible for any and all activities that may occur concerning your account. You agree to notify Unity of Phoenix immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. Unity of Phoenix will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by Unity of Phoenix or another party due to someone else using your account or password. You may not use another person's account at any time, for any reason.
E-mail Addresses
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only your domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible). We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on page visits, information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page and update our database at your request. We do not share our e-mail list with anyone.
Also note that the software places a cookie, a text file containing bits of information (such as your user name and password), in your browser's cache to store information on your local computer. These cookies do not contain any of the information you have entered above. They are ONLY used to keep you logged in/out and to record session information and to personalize your Unity of Phoenix experience, such as items that you add to your shopping cart. The software does not collect or send any other form of information to your computer
Directory
Our directory of churches includes all church business addresses and contact information. We do not list individual contact information without express permission from the individual.
Mailing Address and Phone Number
Your mailing address may be provided to a third party under limited circumstances, and then only to selected, reputable organizations that provide quality products and services.
Upon request, we can provide you with access to all information, including proprietary information that we maintain about you. You can access this information by e-mailing us at info@unityphx.org.
If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know via e-mail at info@unityphx.org. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will code your record so you will not receive such communications.
Persons who supply their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding online transactions. You may also receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by e-mailing us at info@unityphx.org. Please provide your name and phone number. We will code your record so you will not receive such communications.
Ad Servers
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies at this time.
Security
We make every reasonable attempt to implement appropriate security measures at our physical facilities to protect against the improper use, unauthorized access, theft, accidental loss or alteration of the personal information transmitted between users of the Site and information stored on servers. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. The secure server is listed in your browser window as “https://”. The “s” after “http” means you're on a secure server.
Unanticipated Use
From time to time, we may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please check our Web site periodically.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by e-mailing us at info@unityphx.org.
Posting Criteria and Guidelines
The Unity of Phoenix Web site provides a safe place for readers to share insights and inspiration. Your comments can help build bridges of understanding and compassion throughout the Unity of Phoenix community. Unity of Phoenix shares the belief that positive communication and discussion can transform lives.
After you register and login to this Site, you will be able to fill out a detailed profile. It is your responsibility to present accurate information. Any information the Unity of Phoenix staff determines to be inaccurate or vulgar in nature will be removed, with or without prior notice. Appropriate sanctions may be applicable.
Users of the Site may post comments, photographs, reviews and other content. Users may also submit suggestions, ideas or other information, provided the content does not contain any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, purposefully inaccurate, vulgar, obscene or hateful content or content which is deemed objectionable, or which infringes upon the rights of any third party.
Users agree to not impersonate any person or communicate under a false name or a name the user is not entitled or authorized to use. Unity of Phoenix has the right (but not the obligation) to remove, prohibit, edit or discontinue any content on the Site, including content that has been posted by users. Your uploaded content (comments, poems, photos, links to videos) indicates that you have given permission for us to use your content as promotion and/or featured content on the Site. You will be contacted for permission for any other use, such as books, booklets, e-books or other uses.
Please use these guidelines when writing your comments:
Support the spirit of Unity of Phoenix by sharing your spiritual perspective in a way that encourages honest and respectful discussion.
Show respect for others and refrain from criticizing other people or their belief systems.
Remain positive. Responses should build on ideas instead of tearing them down. This is your opportunity to express your ideas and thoughts with a global audience of like-minded people. So keep your remarks as brief as possible to communicate what you wish to say. Be clear. Be honest. And avoid terminology that isn't readily understood by the community.
Stay on topic. Please limit your response to the specific theme or post rather than speaking out on unrelated topics.
Check your spelling and grammar before submitting your comments, and please do not use all caps—it's very difficult for some people to read blocks of capitalized text.
As a condition of your use of the Unity of Phoenix Web site, you agree not to use the Unity of Phoenix Web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the terms, conditions and notices of this agreement, including posts that:
Are offensive to the online community, such as content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or suggests physical harm of any kind against any group or individual.
Are abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening or sexually-oriented as well as content that may violate any applicable laws.
Insult, malign, defame, abuse, threaten or harass another person or persons.
Display pornographic or obscene material of any kind.
Provide or promote information about illegal activities or that discuss illegal activities with the intent to commit them.
Proselytize or recruit by attempting to coerce, convert or recruit fellow members to another religious belief or institution.
Solicit, including blatant URLs or hyperlinks.
Include phone numbers.
Impersonate Unity members, employees or moderators.
Posting any of the above may lead to your being immediately and permanently banned from the Unity of Phoenix Site. Your Internet Service Provider may be informed. The IP address of all posts is recorded to aid in enforcing these policies. You agree that the webmaster, administrator and moderators of this forum have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should they see fit. And without prior notice, Unity of Phoenix may terminate your access to the Site and remove any unauthorized user content.
Spam, flooding, advertisements, chain letters and pyramid schemes are also forbidden on this Site.
All trademarks, service marks and trade names (collectively, the "Marks") are proprietary to Unity of Phoenix or other respective owners, which have granted Unity of Phoenix the right and license to use such Marks. Any use of data mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools is strictly prohibited. In no event shall the user frame any portion of the Site or any content contained therein.
You shall not transmit to Unity of Phoenix or upload to this Site any Harmful Code or use or misappropriate the data on this Site for your own commercial gain. "Harmful Code" shall mean any software (sometimes referred to as "viruses," "worms," "trojan horses," "time bombs," "time locks," "drop dead devices," "traps," "access codes," "cancelbots" or "trap door devices") that: (a) is intentionally designed to damage, disrupt, disable, harm, impair, interfere with, intercept, expropriate or otherwise impede in any manner, any data, storage media, program, system, equipment or communication, based on any event, including for example but not limited to (i) exceeding a number of copies, (ii) exceeding a number of users, (iii) passage of a period of time, (iv) advancement to a particular date or other numeral, or (v) use of a certain feature; or (b) would enable an unauthorized person to cause such result; or (c) would enable an unauthorized person to access another person's information without such other person's knowledge and permission. We may terminate your access to our Site for any reason.
You remain solely responsible for the content of your posted messages. Furthermore, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Unity of Phoenix. We also reserve the right to reveal your identity (or any other related information collected on this service about you or your use of the Unity of Phoenix Web site, including its contents) without your prior permission in the event of a formal complaint or legal action arising from any situation caused by your use of this Site or if Unity of Phoenix has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Unity of Phoenix or its owner; (3) enforce the terms of service; or (4) act to protect the interests of its members or others.
While we encourage you to use this Site with family members, children under the age of 18 are prohibited as individual community members and are not encouraged to participate in online discussions or activities unless supervised by a parent or guardian. If we learn that a child under the age of 18 has provided personally identifiable information to the Site, the posting will be removed.
Reporting Offenses
Members of Unity of Phoenix are encouraged to conduct themselves responsibly, as outlined above. Anyone who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to notify the administrator through e-mail to info@unityphx.org immediately. We reserve the right to remove objectionable content, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary.
Copyright Restrictions
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing communications, submitting any content, messages, or materials, or transmitting through the Unity of Phoenix Web site or service, you:
Warrant and represent that you own, have the right and/or authority to sublicense, or otherwise control all of the rights to the content, messages or materials including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to post, upload, input, provide or submit the content, messages or materials; and
Grant Unity of Phoenix a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display such communication(s) alone, for marketing purposes, or as a part of other works in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights to anyone.
As a member, you agree to respect the intellectual property rights of others. You may not modify, reformat, copy, display, distribute, transmit, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, products or services obtained from this Site.
Acceptance Policy
It is impossible for the staff or the owners of this Site to control, endorse, confirm or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any content, messages, materials or other information that may be published, posted, uploaded, distributed or disseminated by a user. The posted information expresses the views of the author only, and not necessarily the collective views of the bloggers, the administrators, moderators, nor of Unity of Phoenix.
Unity of Phoenix has no obligation to monitor the use of the message board or other areas of the Unity of Phoenix Web site and disclaims any liability whatsoever with regard to any content, messages, materials or other information provided by a user or any actions taken by a user. However, Unity of Phoenix reserves the right to review the Unity of Phoenix Web site and to remove anything that it deems necessary at its sole discretion.
Update or Change Your Membership
Upon request, we give visitors the opportunity to correct inaccuracies in their contact information. Please send us an e-mail at info@unityphx.org if you need your information updated or corrected.
You may also correct/update your contact information by logging into the Site with your user name and password, then visit the “Preferences” page.
Opt Out of E-mail Offers
If you decide to discontinue receiving promotional e-mails or newsletters from Unity of Phoenix, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions in the specific e-mail and/or newsletter you have received. Then visit the Preferences page in your profile. Even though you may opt out of receiving promotional e-mails from us, we may still contact you with important information concerning your Unity of Phoenix account.
If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth herein, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Limitation of Liability
The materials on this Site are provided "as is" without warranties of any kind either express or implied. While Unity of Phoenix uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Unity of Phoenix makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Unity of Phoenix assumes no liability or responsibility for any content, materials, errors or representations in the content of this Site. To the fullest extent possible pursuant to the applicable law, Unity of Phoenix disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, noninfringement or other violation of rights. The Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet, which are owned and operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the "external sites"). You acknowledge that Unity of Phoenix is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any external sites. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those external sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such external sites.
In no event shall Unity of Phoenix, or its affiliates and suppliers, be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Unity of Phoenix Web site, with the delay or inability to use the Unity of Phoenix Web site or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services, or related text, photos, audio, video, graphics, sound, or other content obtained through the Unity of Phoenix Web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Unity of Phoenix Web site, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Unity of Phoenix or any of its affiliates or suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Unity of Phoenix with respect to the Web site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Unity of Phoenix with respect to the Unity of Phoenix Web site.
A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, or feel that this Site is not following its stated privacy policy, you may contact us at info@unityphx.org, by telephone at (602) 978-3200, or by writing to:
Unity of Phoenix
1500 E Greenway Pkwy
Phoenix, AZ 85023
Privacy Policy
unityit
October 11, 2016
Location and Contact Information
Unity of Phoenix Spiritual Center
1500 E Greenway Pkwy
Phoenix,
AZ
85022
Phone: (602) 978-3200
CONTACT US | PRIVACY POLICY
|
|
|
|
©2020 Unity of Phoenix Spiritual Center
Back to Top
Menu >
HomeAbout Us
New Here?
What is Unity?What to ExpectService TimesDirectionsTestimonials Back
Services
Sundays at UnityWednesdays at UnityYouth & Family Ministries Back
About
Our MinistersRacial EqualityLGBTQ+Our Board of Trustees
Board Nomination PacketNomination Form Back
Our FinancialsContact Us Back
Back
Classes & Events
Classes & Events
Calendar of ActivitiesPath to AwakeningOnline Classes via ZoomHoliday Schedule Back
Plan Your Event
Weddings & ReceptionsMemorials & ChristeningsVenue Rental Back
Back
Get Involved
Volunteer
Volunteer at UnityNew Volunteer RegistrationVolunteer Portal Back
Membership
Become a MemberMembership Application Back
Tithing Committee
Tithing Recommendation Back
Groups
Small GroupsCircle GroupsCircles of Gratitude Back
Back
Spiritual Support
Prayer
Prayer SupportSubmit a Prayer Request Back
Guided MeditationsPrayer Chaplain ApplicationCare
Pastoral VisitSpiritual Counseling Back
Back
Our Messages
Stay Connected
Read Our BlogSign Up to Receive Our Emails Back
Watch Our ServicesGuided MeditationsMasterMind Meditation Back
Give
× Close Panel