http://www.geneethics.org/docs/terms
Campaigns
Act Now
Resources
Media
Home
About
Contact Us
Documentation Terms of Use
The Gene Ethics website (www.geneethics.com.au) is owned and operated by Gene Ethics Ltd (ABN 67 104 140 918) ("Gene Ethics"). Your use of the website is conditional upon your acceptance and compliance with the terms, conditions, notices and disclaimers contained in this document and elsewhere on the website (known collectively as "Terms of Use").
Gene Ethics reserves the right to amend the terms of use at any time, and such amendments will be effective immediately upon posting of the modified agreement.
1. Copyright and Trademarks
The material on this website is © 2007 Gene Ethics Ltd. This website is owned and operated by Gene Ethics, and content is protected by Australian and International copyright laws.
2. Information for personal, non-commercial use only
Information contained on this Site is for personal use only and may not be sold or redistributed.
You may, using an industry-standard Web browser, download material from this Site for your personal, non-commercial use only, strictly on the condition that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and all advertisements.
You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material from this site including code and software.
You must not use this Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms of use.
3. Information does not represent professional advice
Information published by Gene Ethics is intended to provide general information in summary form.
It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise and other information provided through the service or on the Internet generally.
In no event will Gene Ethics be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you or anyone else in reliance upon the information provided through the Site.
4. No guarantees or endorsements of sites or services we link to or that link to us
The Gene Ethics Site contains hyperlinks and other pointers to Internet websites operated by third parties.
These linked websites are not under the control of Gene Ethics, and Gene Ethics is not responsible for the contents (including the accuracy, legality or decency) of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Gene Ethics is providing these links to you as a convenience only, and the inclusion of any link does not imply any endorsement of the linked site by Gene Ethics or its Affiliates.
Gene Ethics is not responsible for the copyright compliance of any linked site.
5. No guarantees as to the service
Gene Ethics does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the service will be corrected.
You also understand that Gene Ethics cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the Site or delivered via electronic mail through the Site will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties.
You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the Site for the reconstruction of any lost data.
6. Our rights to use information you send to us
Gene Ethics welcomes ideas and feedback from you about all aspects of the Site.
You agree that Gene Ethics may reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, and publicly display any materials and other information (including ideas for new or improved products and services) that you submit to any public areas of the Site or by email to Gene Ethics. (Please read our privacy statement for more information.)
7. No guarantee as to security of your information
While Gene Ethics takes all due care in ensuring the privacy and integrity of the information you provide, the possibility exists that this information could be unlawfully observed by a third party while in transit over the Internet or while stored on Gene Ethics systems.
Gene Ethics accepts no liability should this occur.
8. Third party providers
Gene Ethics has provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties.
Third party services and products advertised on this website are the responsibility of the third party and their inclusion on this website does not imply endorsement by Gene Ethics.
Gene Ethics will not be liable for any damages or loss arising in any way out of or in connection with or incidental to any information or third party service provided.
Act Now Register of GM-Free Farms, Businesses and Councils
This interactive register is a public service, to help you find GM-free products and services. Donate
Gene Ethics is a not-for-profit organisation. We rely on your support. Sign Up!
Receive regular e-newsletters GM-Free Signs
Order GM-Free sign for your local area!
Join us on Facebook
Privacy Policy  |
Terms of Use  |
Accessibility Statement
© 2007 - 2020 Gene Ethics All Rights Reserved.
| website design by bang on IT