http://www.usborderlaw.com/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
Our website address is: http://usborderlaw.com
We recognize that you may be concerned about our use and disclosure of your personal information. Your privacy is very important to us, and the following will inform you of the information that we, Millar & Hayes Immigration Lawyers, PC, may collect from you, and how it is used. By using our Web site, usborderlaw.com, you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
Information Collection
We may collect non-personal information, such as a domain name and IP Address. The domain name and IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We may also collect information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, what brought you to our Website, as well as which of our Web pages you have accessed.
Information Use
We use the collected information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our services and Website, fulfilling requests for information, and providing customer support.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. If we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Sharing
We will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect mass email marketing. We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company
Protect and defend the rights or property of our Website and related properties
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our Website or its related properties
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example through e-mail, discussion boards, or elsewhere – that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Consent
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page frequently to remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (206) 262-0561 or via mail Attn: Privacy Policy, 2633 Eastlake Ave E, Suite 300, Seattle, WA 98102.
© 2019 Millar & Hayes, PC. This web site is for advertising and general information purposes only. Our Privacy Policy.
Back To Top
×Close search
Search
Search
Submit