http://www.ballfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - The Ball Foundation
The Ball Foundation
discovering and developing human potential
Home
Our Team
Career Vision
Contact Us
The Ball Aptitude Battery
Aptitude Defined
History of The Ball Aptitude Battery
What the Tests Measure
The Science of Aptitudes
Aptitude Research
Historical Framework
Performance Environments
Applications of Aptitudes
BAB Validity Research
Selected Publications
Product Development
Job Satisfaction
Self-Estimate of Abilities
Comprehensive Ability Battery (CAB)
Collaborations
Privacy Policy
About Your Privacy
We are committed to ensuring that the information you provide to us via the Internet is secure. The following section defines our policy regarding maintaining your privacy, and the security safeguards we have implemented to keep your information secure and confidential.
Tracking Site Usage
We do not obtain or utilize user-specific information and do not capture information unless you provide it to us either directly or by e-mail.
We do track general site information about how many total users access the site and the information functions within it. We use this information to improve and manage the site.
Surveys and Quizzes
Ball Foundation respects your privacy. As part of Ball Foundation ‘s ongoing research program, clients and website visitors complete surveys and quizzes via email, telephone, and the internet. This information is mainly used to improve Ball Foundation’s services. However, as active members of the vocational psychology field, Ball Foundation also reports the results of research findings to outside parties in the form of press releases, research reports, and papers presented at professional conferences. Ball Foundation only shares information with an outside party in aggregate (or group) form; that is, information that combines responses from many individuals, so as to not run the risk of identifying any specific individual in the group. In adhering to the highest standards, we require parental consent to use survey data from individuals under the age of 18.
Computer Viruses
There is always the possibility of unknowingly acquiring computer viruses on the Internet. We suggest that you make every effort to be aware of this possibility and to scan downloaded materials. We are not responsible or liable for any damage caused by these viruses.
Regular Internet e-mail is not secure and should not be used to send confidential information.
Password Protected Log-in for Assessments
Our Ball Foundation Assessments are hosted on a fully secured site. Every effort has been made to ensure that your personal information remains confidential. Greater detail is provided once you enter the password protected area.
Email Communications
Ball Foundation’s subscription only e-newsletter Visions is sent electronically to our alumni and other subscribers. All subscription information is used to better serve our subscribers and none will be shared with a third party. Subscribers will be able to unsubscribe automatically by responding to the e-newsletter or by sending an email to enews@careervision.org with “unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Copyright © 1975 - 2020 The Ball Foundation
Career Vision | Privacy Policy | Staff E-mail