http://www.plan-uk.org/terms-and-conditions
Plan International UKEmergency AppealCoronavirusChildren's Emergency Appeal
Donate
menu
Plan International UK
Work with children in the world’s poorest countries to build a better future
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking statementWe see the fight against modern slavery as key to the global struggle for human rights.
Child ProtectionPlan International UK exists to help children, and we therefore take child protection very seriously
Cookie NoticeWe use a small number of cookies to help ensure efficiency and to provide information on performance
Supporter EngagementOur Supporter Engagement team provide the highest standard of care to all our supporters
PLAN INTERNATIONAL UK WEBSITE TERMS OF USEWe hope you enjoy using the Plan International UK website, whether you’re exploring stories about the way we’ve changed children’s lives around the world, or looking to get involved yourself.
1. Introduction
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of https://plan-uk.org, a website owned and operated by Plan International UK (“we”, “our” or “us”).
These Terms explain how you may use this website, which is provided to you free of charge.
If there is anything you do not understand in these Terms, please contact us on supporterquestions@plan-uk.org.
2. Permitted Use of the website
By accessing or using the website or otherwise indicating your consent, you agree to be bound by these Terms and the documents referred to in them.
If you do not agree with or accept any of these Terms, you should stop using the website immediately.
We reserve the rights to change these Terms at any time by updating the text of this page. Our updated Terms will be displayed on the website and by continuing to use and access the website following such changes, you agree to be bound by any variation made by us. It is your responsibility to check these Terms from time to time to verify such variations.
You agree that you are solely responsible for all costs and expenses you may incur in relation to your use of the website.
The website is intended for use only by those who can access it from within the UK. If you choose to access the website from locations outside the UK, you are responsible for compliance with local laws where they are applicable.
You can view any non-password protected parts of the website and use the material contained on the website for your own purposes provided you:
use it for information purposes for personal use only, and not for reproduction on any other website or for commercial gain; and
except as permitted by these Terms, do not copy, store, or transmit in any form or by any means to any third party, any part of the website, without Plan International UK’s written permission.
You may link to our website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage or take advantage of our reputation. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with applicable laws. You must not establish a link in such a manner that suggests endorsement, association or approval on our part where none exists.
3. Your lawful use of the website
You may only use the website for its lawful and proper purpose and you may not use it for any purpose which is likely to harm or bring into disrepute the website or Plan International UK or any other person, or which is likely to encourage another person to do the same.
In particular, you must not:
use the website in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has an unlawful or fraudulent purpose;
in any way be abusive, vulgar, obscene, threatening, defamatory and/or hateful to any person or violate the privacy or other personal rights of others;
have the intention of harming or attempting to harm children in any way;
transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam);
knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware;
use the website in any manner that could damage or overburden any of our servers, or any network connected to any of our servers;
use the website in any manner that would interfere with any other party’s use of the website; or
access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of our website; any equipment or network on which our website is stored; any software used in the provision of our website; or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
4. Ownership, use and intellectual property rights
We (or our licensors) own all intellectual property rights in this website and all information or material on the website, including but not limited to any text, images, video, audio or other multimedia content (”Content”). Intellectual property rights means rights such as copyright, trademarks, domain names, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights of any kind whether or not they are registered or unregistered (anywhere in the world).
We and our licensors reserve all of our and their rights in any intellectual property rights in connection with the website and Content. This means, for example, that we and they remain owners of them and free to use them as we and they see fit.
The following intellectual property rights restrictions apply to your use of this website:
Commercial use or publication of any or all of the Content is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation from us. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any licence to use any item displayed, other than as necessary to enable you to access the website.
The Plan International UK name and logos are Plan International UK’s registered trademarks. You may not use Plan International UK’s unregistered or registered trademarks without the prior consent of Plan International UK.
You may print off and download extracts of any page(s) of our website for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others to Content posted. However, you must not modify the paper or digital copies of any Content you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
5. Accuracy of information and availability of the website
While we try to make sure that the website is available, accurate, up to date and free from bugs, we do not warrant that provision of the website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. You are responsible for configuring your technology, computer programs and platform in order to access the website. You should also use your own virus protection software.
Please be aware that you use our website entirely at your own risk.
The website is provided "as is". We do not promise that the website will be fit or suitable for any purpose. The website and the Content are provided for your general information purposes only and to inform you about us and our activities, news, services and other websites that may be of interest. The Content does not constitute technical, financial or legal advice or any other type of advice and neither the website nor the Content should be relied upon for any purposes.
6. Third-Party Websites
The website may contain links to websites operated by parties other than Plan International UK. Such links are provided for your convenience only. Plan International UK does not control such websites and is not responsible for their content. Plan International UK's inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. Your use of any third-party websites will be governed by their terms and conditions and privacy policies.
Parts of the website, including the provision of payment processing or other services offered via the website, may be outsourced to third-party providers. These Terms apply to any outsourced services, unless the third-party providers require you to agree to their own terms and conditions.
7. Limitation of Liability
Plan International UK will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damages (even if foreseeable) whether based on contract, tort or otherwise, to the fullest extent permitted by law. This includes but is not limited to liability for: loss of data or profits; interruptions or delays to the website; the provision of or failure to provide services; any information, material and services obtained through the website; or otherwise arising out of your use of the website or any Content.
To the extent permissible under applicable law, we are not legally responsible for any losses or damage incurred or sustained by viruses transmitted via the website and the Content or incurred or sustained when transmitting information over the internet.
We assume no responsibility for content on any websites linked to our Website. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked sites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Nothing in these Terms will limit or exclude our liability for: (a) death or personal injury resulting from our negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.
8. Security of the website
Although we take all reasonable precautions, the security of information transmitted via the internet cannot be guaranteed.
Plan International UK makes reasonable attempts to prevent the existence of viruses and other harmful components on the website, but we make no guarantees and accept no liability in this regard.
Certain parts of our website may be protected by passwords or require a login and you must not obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorised access to such parts of the website, or to any other protected materials or information.
You are solely responsible for all activities that occur in connection with any log-in details you have in respect of the website. Accordingly, you should take steps to protect the confidentiality of your log-in details. You should not disclose your log-in details to any third party and should ensure that you log-out once you have finished using the website (particularly if you are on a shared computer). For security reasons, you should notify us immediately if you become aware of any disclosure, loss, theft or unauthorised use of your log-in details.
We have the right to disable your log-in details at any time if, in our reasonable opinion, you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.
9. Privacy
For details regarding how we use personal information, see our Privacy Notice. By agreeing to these Terms, you are also consenting to the processing of your personal information as explained in the Privacy Notice. Please see our Data Protection Accountability Statement (PDF) for more information.
10. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Plan International UK harmless from and against any third-party claims, damages (actual and/or consequential), actions, proceedings, demands, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) suffered or reasonably incurred by us arising as a result of, or in connection with (i) your access to and use of our website; (ii) your breach of the Terms, including, but not limited to, any infringement by you of the copyright or intellectual property rights of any third party; or (iii) any services purchased or obtained by you in connection with the website.
Plan International UK retains the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay, without your prior consent, any and all claims or causes of action which are brought against us. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defence of these claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
11. Termination
We may terminate these Terms and your permission to use the website immediately if you commit any breach of these Terms, we are prevented from providing the website for any reason or for any other reason as we see fit.
Furthermore, we reserve the right to change, edit, suspend, delete and/or cancel any part of the website (and/or your access to it) at any time with or without notice to you.
On termination of these Terms for any reason: (a) all rights granted to you under these Terms will immediately cease; (b) you must immediately cease all activities authorised by these Terms; and (c) you acknowledge that we may restrict your access to the website.
When your use of the website ceases, any provision of these Terms that expressly or by implication is intended to come into or continue in force on or after termination shall remain in full force and effect.
12. Force Majeure
Plan International UK will not be in breach of its obligations under these Terms, nor liable to you for any loss or damage which may be suffered by you or another party due to any cause beyond its reasonable control. This includes, but is not limited to, any act of God, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes, act of terrorism, breakdown of systems or network access, act or omission of government or regulatory bodies or accident.
13. Jurisdiction
These Terms and your use of the website are governed by the laws of England. Any disputes arising from or relating to the website, any transactions made on or through the website and/or these Terms will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
14. General
If any provisions of these Terms are held to be void, invalid or unenforceable, this will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Plan International UK relating to the subject matter of these Terms and supersede all other communications and proposals, whether electronic or written, between you and Plan International UK relating to the subject matter of these Terms. Other services provided via our website, including, but not limited to, sponsoring a child or donating to Plan International UK are governed by separate terms.
We may perform any of our obligations, and exercise any of the rights granted to us under these Terms through a third party. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations under these Terms to any third party. The Terms and any rights and licences granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you.
No failure or delay by us in exercising any right under the Terms shall operate as a waiver of such right nor shall any single or partial exercise by either party of any right preclude any further exercise of that right or the exercise of any other right.
15. Contact us
Questions and comments regarding these Terms should be sent to: supporterquestions@plan-uk.org
Registered Charity name: Plan International UK
Registered address: Finsgate, 5-7 Cranwood Street, London, EC1V 9LH, UK
Registered Charity Number: 276035
VAT number: 985617372
These Terms were last updated on: 14 September 2018
Navigation
Sponsor a child
DonateMake a donation
Give a regular gift
Give a single gift
Children's Emergency Fund
Leave a legacy
Get involvedFundraise for us
Take part in an event
Fundraise at school
Partner with us
Christmas cards
Other ways to give
Act for girls
Coronavirus Appeal
Blog
AboutAbout us
Our work
Our people
How we raise money
How your money is spent
Working with young people
Utility Nav
My Sponsorship