http://www.spellsthatwork.com/privacypolicy.html
FREE Simple love spells, Professional Spell Casters and more...
Spell Categories
Love Spells
Money Spells
Bathing Rituals
Binding Spells
Protection Spells
Protection Spells 2
Fertility Spells
Truth Spells
Spells for Home
Business Spells
Job Spells
Legal and Court Spells
Car and Travel Spells
SPELLS HELP
Easy Magick Spells and Rituals
Add More Love, Money, And Health to Your Life Using Over 127 Quick & Easy Magick Spells and Rituals.
Blatantly take advantage of VERY EASY to use spells to make even your wildest dreams come true... so easily and simply it's almost unbelievable.
Simple Spell Casting System E-Kit
A downloadable Spell Casting Course and 3 bonus guides
including The Successful Spell Casting Secrets Manual and Simple 3-Step Spells Anyone Can Cast
Whitchcraft Secret Manual
Spells, White Magic For Love And Money. Help With Banners And Keywords.
More Info
How Spells Work
Casting a Circle
Closing a Circle
Spell Casting Altar
Spell Casting Ethics
Incense for Spell Casting
Wiccan Crede
Other Services
Revenge Letters
Love Spells
Relationship advice
Spell Casters
Text for Header
Powered by LivePerson
RelationshipHelp Center
Dating Insights
Learn about the secrets to successful dating.For Men :How To Become An Alpha MaleFor Women :Men Made Easy
Sex Secrets
Proven secrets to add more fire to the bedroom.Best Premature Ejaculation Solution500 Lovemaking Tips & Secrets
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy at Spells That Work. We will not collect any personal information from you that you do not volunteer, and we are the sole owner of all information collected on this site. We do not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way that we have not mentioned in this statement.
Cookies
Like many other Web sites, Spells That Work uses cookies to identify members so they don't have to re-enter a user id and password when they, for example, wish to post to a discussion. Cookies also help us improve your experience and display more prominently goods and services that might interest you. If you do not have cookies enabled, you must enter your password each time you access our site or any of its member features.
Third parties
Spells That Work may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site information. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during thousands of customer visits to our Web sites each month but does not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member. We may also provide log files and other databases of user information to third parties for analysis, so we can get a better understanding of traffic through our site and thus improve our content offerings. Spells That Work uses a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our sites. This company may use information about your visits to our and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Spells That Work's cookies.
Also be aware that we may buy and sell business assets and/or divisions; customer information is generally part of such a sale.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on this site.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, this site has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Security
We use industry-standard encryption to protect data transmissions to keep the personal information you disclose both in your browsing and your purchases and to only release this information to third parties we believe share our commitment to privacy. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties.
Obtaining your consent
By using our Web site, you give Spells That Work permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If you register at Spells That Work, you authorize Spells That Work to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when calculating aggregate customer data. Spells That Work automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser to enhance your experience at Spells That Work.com. Spells That Work uses information for the following general purposes: to fulfill your requests, improve our services, contact you, and customize the advertising and content you see.
Spells That Work may occasionally amend this policy. We suggest that you bookmark this page and check to see if it has changed from time to time.
Other
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Spells That Work's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Questions?
If you wish to change any information you have given us, or have any questions on our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at admin at BlueWindMedia.com
Home | Contact | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Sitemap
Copyright © 2010 BlueSpirit. All Rights Reserved.