https://www.lommen.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyAttorneys, like other professionals who advise clients on personal financial matters, are required by federal law to inform their clients of their policies regarding the privacy of client information. Attorneys have been, and continue to be, bound by professional standards of confidentiality that are even more stringent than those required by this new law. Therefore, we have always protected your right to privacy and will continue to do so.In the course of providing our clients with income tax, estate tax, gift tax, and other legal services, we receive significant personal financial information from our clients.If you are a client of Lommen Abdo Law Firm you should know that all information that we receive from you is held in confidence, and is not released to people outside the firm, except as agreed to by you, or as required under an applicable law.We retain records relating to professional services that we provide so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and, in some cases, to comply with professional guidelines. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with our professional standards.We invite you to contact Stacey DeKalb at 612-336-9310 or stacey@lommen.com if you have any questions about our privacy policy. Your privacy, our professional ethics, and our ability to provide you with quality legal services are very important to us.Have Questions?We would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about the services of our attorneys.
Any questions may be directed to: Search attorneys and practices
Related ArticlesNews You Can Use Third Quarter 2020Biological father’s rights of child placed for adoption recognized. Primed for sale:  How to know when it’s time to sell the family business. What should an employer consider before re-opening its doors? Bad news for insurers on bad faith. Sara Wilson joins Lommen Abdo’s Minneapolis office. Recognition:  Super Lawyer list and St. Croix Valley Magazine’s …The Federal Estate Tax – What to Expect With a Biden PresidencyA frequent concern for estate planning clients is how to avoid owing estate taxes at their death. Because the estate tax has become a political issue, some of these clients are also concerned about how the election results might impact the estate tax. The following is a basic explanation of the federal estate tax and …Lommen Abdo Announces Passing of One of Our OwnWith great sadness, we announce the unexpected passing of one of our own, Larry Rocheford.  Please keep Larry and his family in your thoughts.Review by Extraordinary Writ in Civil CasesKay Nord Hunt and Michelle K. Kuhl co-authored Chapter 20 in the 2020 Eighth Circuit Appellate Practice Deskbook, “Review by Extraordinary Writ in Civil Cases.”List of Lommen Abdo’s Best Lawyers UnmaskedLommen Abdo is proud to have increased the number of its lawyers included in the latest edition of The Best Lawyers in America – especially in the midst of a pandemic.  One additional Lommen Abdo attorney has been included in the 2021 edition of Best Lawyers: One to Watch. Inclusion in the Best Lawyers in …Lommen Abdo’s 2020 Board ElectionsMarc Johannsen has been re-elected to another two year term as President of Lommen Abdo.  Cameron Kelly has been elected to a two-year term on the board and Kathleen Loucks and Mike Glover were re-elected to serve a second two-year term on the board.  Jason Engkjer, Bryan Feldhaus and Brent Johnson continue their two-year terms. …
FacebookLinkedIn