http://www.stmarysmaidenhead.org/privacy-policy
Resources
resources for adultsresources for familiessupportcontact (notices)blogtouchlinetalksevangelism/dialogue eventsBookshopRecommended websites & podcastsCalendargiving to st mary'sPCC Members and MinutesReportsFormsfacilities
new here and what’s on during covid-19
resources for families
in person service booking
join our christmas services
Privacy Notice
The Parochial Church Council (PCC) of St Mary's Church in Maidenheadandthe Vicar of St Mary's Church in Maidenhead
St Mary's Church is committed to looking after the personal data you entrust to us in line with all data protection laws, as is our Christian duty. We will do all we can to ensure that your privacy is protected and that personal information you share with us is only used in a manner that you have consented to. We will not sell your information to anyone else.
This notice tells you what information we collect, how we use it and what your rights are.
1. Your personal data - what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller's possession or likely to come into such possession. The storing and processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other regulations.
2. Who are we?
The PCC and the Vicar of St Mary's, Maidenhead are each data controllers as they are considered separate entities under the regulation. This means they decide how the personal data is processed and for what purposes.
3. How do we process your personal data?
The PCC and Vicar of St Mary's, Maidenhead comply with their obligations under GDPR by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
to provide pastoral care to our parishioners and members
to inform you of news, events, activities and services running at St Mary's and elsewhere that we consider may be of interest to you
to manage our employees and volunteers
to administer membership of groups and committees
to maintain our own accounts and records, including the processing of gift aid applications
to fundraise and promote the interests of St Mary's and the charitable causes we support
to operate the St Mary's Church web site and deliver services to the church family
to exercise statutory functions, e.g. the registering of marriages and administering the Electoral Roll
to enable us to provide services for the benefit of those in the local area
4. What is the legal basis for keeping and processing your personal data?
We may keep your data without consent if you are a member of St Mary's church family.
We may process your personal data according to any of the following permissible reasons:
we have received your explicit consent so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services
we have received your explicit consent to share your personal details with other members of St Mary's Church family by accessing our ChurchBuilder database
where processing data is necessary to comply with statutory, employment, child protection or social security obligations, e.g. Gift Aid or Safeguarding
as a not-for-profit body with a religious aim:
provided the processing relates only to members or former members or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes
provided there is no disclosure to a third party without consent
where processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the data
5. Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. Unless we receive your consent, your information will never be passed to a third party except where there is a statutory requirement.
6. How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out in the guide "Keep or Bin: Care of Your Parish Records" which is available from the Church of England web site. Retention periods can be found in "Record Management Guides" also located on the Church of England web site.
Specifically, we retain electoral roll data while it is still current; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to six years after the calendar year to which they relate; safeguarding records for 50 years and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) we keep permanently.
7. Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to request a copy of your personal data which the PCC or Vicar of St Mary's, Maidenhead holds about you
the right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date
the right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data
the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
the right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller where applicable (known as the right to data portability)
the right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing
the right to object to the processing of personal data where applicable
the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
8. Further Processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
9. Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact the Operations Manager at St Mary's Church by e-mail () or in writing to St Mary's Church, St Mary's Close, 14 High Street, Maidenhead. Berkshire, SL6 1YY.
The Information Commissioners Office (ICO) can be contacted by phone: 0303 123 1113 or e-mail via their web site. Their address is: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.