http://www.americanarab.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
American Arab Chamber of Commerce Web Privacy Statement
At the American Arab Chamber of Commerce, we strive to respect the privacy of our website visitors because your privacy is important to us. Using the Internet should be a pleasant experience, and we want to help you make it enjoyable. This privacy statement describes what information we collect and how that information is protected and used with those ideas in mind.
Information Gathered
Websites you visit may gather information about you. Sometimes you are asked to supply information such as your name, address or e-mail address. Other times processes built into the website gather information.
We may ask you for information to answer a request that you have submitted to the American Arab Chamber of Commerce. Information sent to the American Arab Chamber of Commerce via Web data entry may be read, filed, stored, forwarded, responded to or printed by American Arab Chamber of Commerce staff members for the purpose of answering and tracking your request.
You may be asked to enter your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or other information on the American Arab Chamber of Commerce website. This information may be kept and used for future communications by the American Arab Chamber of Commerce.
Collection of Other Information
Most information we gather does not identify you personally. We automatically collect information such as the type and identity of the Internet service provider you are using, your Internet protocol (IP) address, the time spent on the website, or the navigation path you took on the website. We use the gathered information to improve the navigation, flow and content of the website to provide you with the best possible information service.
Special Disclosure Cases
The American Arab Chamber of Commerce may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the American Arab Chamber of Commerce’s rights or property, other American Arab Chamber of Commerce members and guests, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We reserve the right to use information to identify any visitors who refuse to comply with American Arab Chamber of Commerce’s policies and to identify visitors who threaten our service, site, customers or others. The American Arab Chamber of Commerce may disclose information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
E-Commerce Transactions
Some of our website features may use applications to collect data to facilitate an e-commerce transaction. We use an outside service with an approved banking relationship to process credit card transactions. All credit card information is encrypted and only the information needed to complete a transaction history is stored on our secure server.
Other Links
The American Arab Chamber of Commerce website may contain destination links to other independently run websites or organizations and to some third-party sites outside the “americanarab.com” domain. The American Arab Chamber of Commerce is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. These destination links are provided only for your convenience, and as such, you access them at your own risk. Any information you reveal on any such site is not subject to this privacy statement, therefore, you should consult the privacy policies of each site you visit. However, we wish to ensure the integrity of our website and its destination links, so any comments pertaining to any sites accessed through destination links on our website are greatly appreciated.
Security
The American Arab Chamber of Commerce treats your personal information as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. This website has information security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We restrict access to our data center and server rooms to authorized personnel and limit access to personal information to those employees who have a legitimate business need to access such information. Despite these security measures, we do not represent or warrant that personal information will be protected against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may change this privacy statement at any time by posting revisions to our website. Your use of the website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this privacy statement and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised privacy statement. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy statement or any revised statement, then please exit the website immediately.
Reporting Personal Privacy Issues
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, your personal information, the practices of this website or your interaction with this website, please contact the American Arab Chamber of Commerce at chamber.americanarab.com/contact.
Last updated December 24 2014
12740 W. Warren Ave. Suite 300
Dearborn, MI 48126
Telephone: (313) 945 - 1700
Fax: (313) 945 - 6697
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
We accept:
Loading...
Loading...
MemberLogin