https://www.accesstolaw.com/legal-subject-areas/information-law/
Home · Legal Subject Areas · Information Law (16 sites)
The Campaign for Freedom of Information is an independent non-party, non-profit organisation campaigning to improve access to official information. The site includes information and commentary on the Freedom of Information Act 2000, its implementation, and issues concerning its present operation.
The Data Protection pages of the Council of Europe web site include treaties and other international legal instruments, national laws of member states, reports, news and ECHR case law. Also included is information about the supervisory authorities in member states and selected other territories, and a handbook on European data protection law.
The Register (on the web site of the Information Commissioner’s Office) describes, for each data controller (e.g. company or organisation), the use made by them of personal data. This searchable online version is updated daily.
The Data Protection section of the European Commission web site contains information about data protection within the EU, with the relevant EU legislation and links to the data protection regulatory bodies in EU and EFTA member states, information about data transfers outside the EU, and information about reform of the EU data protection rules.
This blog is produced by lawyers at Fieldfisher. It was established in 2011 and is aimed at those with an interest in privacy, information management and data protection.
This is a section of the Guardian newspaper’s web site which brings together its coverage of freedom of information (FOI) issues since May 1999.
The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) is responsible for data protection and freedom of information in the UK. The “For organisations” section of its web site includes guides to the legislation relating to data protection and freedom of information. “What we do” under the “About the ICO” tab includes a searchable register of organisations that process personal data. There are also decision notices 2005 onwards, available via the “Action we’ve taken” tab.
A blog sharing research and discussion from the Information Law and Policy Centre at the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies. The blog includes an archive of posts November 2014 onwards. Newsletters May 2018 onwards are also available.
The Institute, part of the Faculty of Law of the University of Amsterdam, is a major research centre in the field of information law. Publications on the site include articles on information law and related areas, including intellectual property, media law and consumer law.
The National Security Appeals Panel (NSAP) was a separate Panel of the former Information Tribunal which heard appeals against certificates issued by a Minister of the Crown on national security grounds. The Information Tribunal was replaced on 18 January 2010 by the First-tier Tribunal (Information Rights). This page in the Information Rights section of the Justice web portal, now archived by the National Archives, includes the texts of NSAP decisions.
The Office of the Information Commissioner (OIC) is the appeals body for freedom of information (FOI) in Ireland. The site has information on the role, functions and powers of the Information Commissioner, a post established in 1998 under the Freedom of Information Act 1997. It includes information on applying for a review, guidance notes, procedures, and links to FOI legislation. Other site content includes the Commissioner’s Decisions, annual reports and press releases.
Panopticon is a blog about information law maintained by a team of specialist barristers of 11KBW chambers in the Temple. It has an archive of blog entries January 2009 onwards, and a collection of links.
This section of the Scottish Government’s web site contains a variety of information about freedom of information in Scotland, including advice on how to make an application, and codes of practice and guidance and training materials for officials dealing with freedom of information requests.
This site explains the rights of members of the public, and the responsibilities of public authorities, under the Freedom of Information (Scotland) Act 2002. A list of Appeals currently before the Commissioner, and the full text of Decisions already issued (2005 onwards), are available. A link to the 2002 Act together with guidance regarding the various exemptions to its provisions are to be found within “The Law”.
The Constitution Unit, part of the Department of Political Science at University College London, has been active in the area of freedom of information (FOI) and data protection (DP) since 1996, reviewing information policy decisions, conducting research, providing training and consultancy, and assisting both central government departments and local authorities. This FOI section of the site’s Research Archive includes information about research projects on a number of FOI topics, including local government, parliament and universities, and information about FOI regimes around the world.
This blog collated news stories and press releases concerning the operation of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 and related issues in the UK and abroad between 2003 and 2013. It was originally established by Steve Wood (formerly a lecturer at Liverpool John Moores University, subsequently an Assistant Commissioner at the Information Commissioner’s Office) and maintained latterly by the Campaign for Freedom of Information. Though not updated since 2013, it may still contain useful information.
Home
About This Site
Legal Notice
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Current Awareness Blog
© The Inner Temple Library 2020