http://www.carrubbers.org/gdpr/privacy/
Carrubbers
Christian Centre
Loading...
Privacy Notice
How we use your information
Your privacy is important to us. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of your information.
Why are we collecting your data?
We collect personal data to provide appropriate pastoral care, to monitor and assess the quality of our services, to fulfil our purposes as a church and to comply with the law regarding data sharing. In legal terms this is called ‘legitimate interests’. When it is required, we may also ask you for your consent to process your data. We do not share your information with others except as described in this notice.
The categories of information that we may collect, hold and share include:
Personal information (such as name, telephone number, address and email address)
Characteristics (such as gender, ethnicity, language, nationality, country of birth)
Storing your data
We hold your data for varying lengths of time depending on the type of information in question but in doing so we always comply with Data Protection legislation.  We will remind you on a regular basis to check the information we are holding is accurate.
Who do we share your information with?
We will not share your information with third parties without your consent unless the law requires us to do so.
Requesting access to your personal data
Under Data Protection legislation, you have the right to request access to information about you that we hold. To make a request for your personal information contact the Data Protection Lead, a Ministry Leader or the Church Office.
You also have the right to:
object to processing of personal data that is likely to cause, or is causing, damage or distress
prevent processing for the purpose of direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means
in certain circumstances, have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed; and
claim compensation for actual damages caused by a breach of the Data Protection regulations.
For further information on how your information is used, how we maintain the security of your information and your rights to access information we hold on you, please contact the Data Protection Lead.
If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, you should raise your concern with us in the first instance (privacy@carrubbers.org) or directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
Contact
If you would like to discuss anything in this privacy notice, please contact:
Data Protection Lead – privacy@carrubbers.org
Carrubbers Christian Centre
© 2001-2020 Carrubbers Christian Centre | Registered Charity No. SC011455
65 High Street,
Edinburgh,
EH1 1SR
|
0131 556 2626 |
office@carrubbers.org
Conditions of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Mobile View