http://www.visionaryproject.org/privacypolicy.html
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective July 24, 2006
Welcome to the website (“Site”) of the National Visionary Leadership Project (“NVLP”). NVLP is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information and this Privacy Policy describes how NVLP collects and uses information when you visit our Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you provide to NVLP by other means. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the modified policy on this page or, if we determine that it’s appropriate, we may post a notice of the change on our home page. By continuing to use the Site after we have posted such modifications or notice, you agree to the terms of the modified policy if you continue to use the Site. This Privacy Policy is part of NVLP’s Terms of Use, so please be sure to read the entire Terms of Use.
Personal Information
Visitors may use most of the Site’s features without providing any Personal Information. “Personal Information” means information that identifies a particular individual (e.g., name, postal or e-mail address, telephone and facsimile numbers, date of birth, credit card information, photograph and so forth). In some areas of our Site, a visitor must register or otherwise provide Personal Information or provide other information and materials to participate in certain programs, services, and activities (such as internship and fellows programs, to purchase products through our online store, to make charitable donations to NVLP, etc.). For example, applicants to NVLP’s internship or fellows programs may also need to provide college or university name and address, academic major and minor, GPA, gender, ethnicity, family income range, school transcripts or personal essays as well as other information. Faculty advisors for NVLP’s fellows program may need to provide information, including their name, postal and e-mail addresses, telephone number, and Social Security number.
Individuals may also provide Personal Information about third parties on certain parts of the Site. For example, a person may provide Personal Information when nominating an individual to become a visionary or making a donation in someone’s honor or a student participating in a fellows or internship program may provide Personal Information about an academic advisor. An academic advisor, teacher or other school personnel may provide the contact information of their office assistants and relevant Personal Information about students participating in one of our programs.
When Personal Information is provided to us, we will use it for the purpose for which it was submitted. We may also use Personal Information to send information about NVLP’s programs, events, and other activities that we believe may be of interest. You may ask us to delete Personal Information you have provided by sending a written request as set out below, but if such information is required for your participation in an NVLP program, you would no longer be eligible to participate in that program after we delete your Personal Information.
Anonymous Information
We may also collect information about visitors to the Site that does not identify a particular individual (“Anonymous Information”) to help us evaluate how the Site is used, to facilitate use of the Site, to analyze user interests, and for systems administration purposes.
Anonymous Information includes the user’s IP address, browser type, and Site usage data, such as what pages are visited and time intervals between Site visits and individual web page visits. NVLP may collect most Anonymous Information through various technological means such as "cookies" or similar means. A cookie is a string of information that is sent by a website and stored temporarily in your computer’s memory. Although for most portions of our Site, you are not required to accept the use of cookies, your participation in the Site will be easier if you have not disabled the cookie technology on your browser. Please be aware that if you disable the cookie technology, you will not be able to use portions of the NVLP Store section of our Site.
We may also collect Anonymous Information through other means. For example, we may collect aggregated demographic statistics about students from teachers or school administrators who use NVLP materials for their classroom activities (e.g., information on class size, school location, average household income, and the ethnic groups represented in a classroom).
NVLP does not link Personal Information to Anonymous Information, but we reserve the right to do so if we determine in our discretion that it is necessary to identify a user because of safety or security issues or to comply with legal requirements.
Sharing Information With Third Parties
We may share your Personal Information and certain Anonymous Information with third parties who help us provide services to you (e.g., to maintain and update our Site, to assist in providing our programs, to process credit card transactions, to fulfill purchases made through our online store, for travel, accommodation and similar arrangements in connection with our programs and events, and similar services). If you are a student participating in one of our programs, we also provide your Personal Information to your academic advisor and participating college or university. We may also provide Anonymous Information to third parties in connection with our educational and charitable activities, including promotional and fund-raising purposes.
We post on our Site each year the Personal Information about participants in our programs, e.g., the names, photographs, and college and university names and locations of each year’s participants in our college fellows program.
NVLP reserves the right to share your Personal Information with legal authorities if required by law or if we believe in our sole discretion that it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected illegal activities or in connection with other safety or security concerns.
If NVLP ever transfers its programs and assets to a successor organization, your Personal Information would be transferred as part of the programs and assets and may become subject to a different privacy policy.
Children Under Age 13
NVLP does not knowingly collect any information from anyone under age thirteen. If we discover that we have collected information from users under age 13 -- for example, if a child sends us an email with a question or comment -- we will respond using that email address but we will then delete the email address and not use it again.
If we know a child is under age 13 and he or she wishes to participate in a program that requires the collection or use of Personal Information on an ongoing basis, we will use reasonable efforts to obtain verifiable consent from a parent or guardian before permitting such participation.
Security
We use reasonable efforts to store your Personal Information in a secure manner to safeguard it from unauthorized access. However, no data transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, you provide us with your Personal Information and use our Site at your own risk.
Location of Servers and Transfer of Information
Our servers are located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, be aware that the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using our Site or providing your Personal Information to us, you consent to this transfer and to the collection, storage, processing and use of your Personal Information in the United States. In addition, our service providers may not be located in your geographic area in the U.S.; by providing your Personal Information on the Site, you also consent to the transfer of your data to these service providers.
Review and Update Your Personal Information
Please contact NVLP at NVLPvisionary (at) outlook (dot) com or at the address listed below with respect to any inquiries about our Privacy Policy, our Site, or if you wish to update, correct, or delete any information you have provided to us.
National Visionary Leadership Project
PO Box 92375
Washington, DC 20090
Email: NVLPvisionary (at) outlook (dot) com
Last updated: October 2013