http://www.themeatrix.com/pages/termsofuse
WATCH THE FILM
ABOUT
INTERNATIONAL
EDUCATOR RESOURCES
CONTACT
PRIVACY AND TERMS OF USE
Privacy and Terms of Use
PRIVACY OVERVIEW.
You may use this website without offering any personal data. We occasionally run reports to track website traffic, but this information cannot be traced back to individuals. It is collected in order to analyze visitor volume and page popularity as well as to optimize search capabilities. This information helps us offer the most comprehensive and effective website possible.
We are committed to ensuring that any personal data you do provide on our website is kept secure and private. Personal data can only be obtained when it is voluntarily entered by a user. We will not trade or disclose this data to third parties, nor will we ever sell or give email lists to any other organization or group. You may unsubscribe from any services we offer at any time.
INFORMATION COLLECTION & USE.
We are the sole owner of any personal information collected on this site. You may enter your personal information (e.g., name, email address, and other information) voluntarily at different points on our website. If you wish to receive information via email, we will use the name and email address you provide to send this information to you. At certain times, we may also ask you to volunteer demographic information to better tailor our communications to you, though all requests will be optional.
LOG FILES.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this non-personally identifiable information gained from log files and cookies to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
COOKIES.
A cookie is a small text record stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We may or may not use both session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies. Session cookies make it easier to navigate a website. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following directions provided in your internet browser's "help" file. Persistent cookies are set to store passwords so they don't have to be entered more than once, and they also enable websites to track and target the interests of its users to enhance their site experience. You may reject cookies and still be able to use a website, but the ability to use some areas of the site, such as contests or surveys, could be limited. We use a 3rd party tracking service that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate.
CLEAR GIFS, WEB BEACONS, WEB BUGS.
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge communications and campaign effectiveness.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES.
This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and read the appropriate privacy statements. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
SPECIAL PRIVACY NOTICE RELATED TO ON-LINE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN.
Although our website is not specifically directed towards children, we are very sensitive to their safety. No one under the age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information or use any public discussion areas, forums, or chats that we might have.
Please visit
OnGuard Online for information from the FTC about protecting children's privacy online.
CHANGES IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. We will make users aware of such changes by posting them here and/or other places we deem appropriate, so please check back frequently. Your continued use of this site constitutes your agreement to our privacy statement.
CONTACT.
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us via
Email.
DISCLAIMER.
We do not assume any liability or responsibility for the veracity, accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any article, information, apparatus, product or process that is referred to or electronically linked from our website. Reference to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply our endorsement or recommendation.
Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE.
It is our mission to encourage public discussion about sustainable food. However, to preserve the integrity of the content we provide and to protect how it is distributed, your use of materials contained on this site is subject to the following guidelines:
GENERAL PROPRIETARY NOTICE.
All content included on this site, including text, graphics, logos, images, icons, audio, video and software is the property of GRACE Communications Foundation, Inc. and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All trademarks, servicemarks and trade names are proprietary to us. All other trademarks not owned by us that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to or sponsored by us. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties. All software used on this site is the property of this site or its software suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws and may not be reproduced, modified, distributed, transmitted or republished.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE.
© 2015 GRACE Communications Foundation, 215 Lexington Ave, Suite 1001, New York, NY 10016. Any rights not expressly granted herein or elsewhere on this site are reserved.
TRADEMARK NOTICE.
Certain names, logos, designs, titles, words, slogans or phrases within this web site may be trademarks, service marks or trade names of GRACE or other entities. Certain other trademarks and logos, slogans, names and marks appearing on this site are either unregistered, pending or registered trademarks of GRACE. Page headers, custom graphics, buttons, images and other content on this web site are subject to trade dress, copyright or other proprietary or intellectual property rights. The use or misuse of these trademarks or any content on this site except as provided in the terms and conditions set forth below is strictly prohibited. Except for the limited right to view, copy, print and distribute materials and content on this web site accorded below, the use of any trademark, service mark, trade name or logo design is prohibited without specific written prior permission from us.
TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR CONTENT USE
Except as may be otherwise indicated within this site, you are authorized to view, copy, print and distribute materials and content within this web site, subject to the following terms and conditions:
You may use this site for non-commercial or personal purposes only. No content of this site, including text, images, audio and video, may be copied, distributed, modified, reused, reposted or transmitted for any commercial purpose without specific written prior permission from us.
You must comply with and adhere to all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained on the materials of this site. Any copies that you make of material or other content must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear with the original material or content. You herewith agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices on every copy you make.
You may not modify any of our materials in any way without specific written prior permission from us.
You may not reverse-engineer, deconstruct, disassemble or decompile any software or technology underlying the site or provided through the site.
You agree that we have not conferred expressly or by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right under any patent, trademark or copyright (except as expressly provided above) of us or of any third party.
You will not use this site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this policy.
SUBMITTED MATERIALS.
We do not wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information from you through the website, by e-mail or in any other way. Any information, creative works (including, without limitation, text, photographs, graphics, audio, visual and audiovisual content), demos, ideas, suggestions, concepts, methods, systems, designs, plans, techniques or other materials submitted or sent to us will be deemed not to be confidential or secret, and may be used by us in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.
We reserve the right to revise, at any time, the foregoing terms and conditions. By your continued use of this web site, you agree to be bound by such future revisions. It is your responsibility to periodically visit the policy pages on this site to review the most current version.
For any further information regarding this or other proprietary notices or our use of content policies, please contact us via:
Email.
DISCLAIMER
This site and the content that it provides is designed for informational and educational purposes only.
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER
CONTACT
ABOUT
INTERNATIONAL
EDUCATOR RESOURCES
PRIVACY AND TERMS OF USE
© 2020 GRACE Communications Foundation. All rights reserved.