https://www.visionvideo.com/privacy_policy
Toggle navigation
Vision Video
Vision Video | Christian DVDs & Media for Every Age
$5 DVDs
Categories
Apologetics
Art and Music
Bible Study
Bible Movies
Biographies
Classics
Contemporary Issues
Family Movies
History
Inspiration
Missions
Series
My Account
Login
Register
Cart
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty
View Cart
Wishlist
Your wishlist is currently empty
View Wishlist
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Shop
Best Sellers
New Releases
By Price
$5.00 or less
$5.01 to $10.00
$10.01 to $15.00
$15.01 to $20.00
Over $20.00
By Media Type
DVD
Digital Video
Blu-Ray
Book
PDF
By Category
Apologetics
Art and Music
Bible Study
Bible Movies
Biographies
Classics
Contemporary Issues
Family Movies
History
Inspiration
Missions
Series
By Genre
Animation
Documentary
Docu-Drama
Drama
Short Stories
Foreign Language
English Subtitles
Spanish
Mandarin
French
German
Korean
Russian
Italian
Deals
Clearance Items
On Sale
$5 DVDs
My Account
Login
Create Account
Forgot Password
Checkout
Cart
Wishlist
Vision Video
Contact Us
About Us
FAQ
If a product does not meet your expectations, return it to us within 30 days
Satisfaction Guaranteed
Privacy Policy
This page was last updated June 7, 2018. Effective date of this revised policy is: June 7, 2018.
Vision Video Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.visionvideo.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site or via phone or mail, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers or PayPal information), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services or other selected companies who have products we believe may be of interest to you.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us via our contact page or by mail using the details provided below:
Vision Video, Inc. PO Box 540 Worcester, PA, 19490 United States
www.visionvideo.com
PO Box 540, Worcester PA, 19490 | 1(800)523-0226 | support@visionvideo.com
Customer Service Hours: 8:00 am - 6:00 pm EST
Subscribe to our weekly email newsletter
Be the first to learn of new releases and special sales.
Subscribe