https://www.lovingfromadistance.com/privacy/
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@lovingfromadistance.com.
At LovingFromADistance.com we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by lovingfromadistance.com and how we use it.
Log Files and General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) Like many other Web sites, LovingFromADistance.com makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site – usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’s analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
We use Clicky Web Analytics to log and analyze the traffic to our web site. You may review Clicky’s privacy policy here. A “Unique ID” tracking cookie is used for the “legitimate purpose” of identifying unique visitors, but otherwise no “personal data” is logged.
We use Google Analytics to log and analyze the traffic to our web site. You may review Google’s privacy policy here. A “Unique ID” tracking cookie is used for the “legitimate purpose” of identifying unique visitors, but otherwise no “personal data” is logged.
The Google Analytics remarketing feature is implemented. You may opt out here.
Cookies and Web BeaconsLovingFromADistance.com uses cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on lovingfromadistance.com.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site’s visitors based upon their visit to lovingfromadistance.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Our Advertising Partners
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include:
Google
Commission Junction
Clickbank
Linkshare
ShareASale
While each of these advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their site, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here: Privacy Policies.
You may consult this listing to find the privacy policies for some of the advertising partners of LovingFromADistance.com.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on LovingFromADistance.com and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site’s third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
LovingFromADistance.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. LovingFromADistance.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. You may find a comprehensive listing of these privacy policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s InformationWe believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
LovingFromADistance.com does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
If a parent or guardian believes that lovingfromadistance.com has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there.
This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
UpdateThis Privacy Policy was last updated on: Wednesday, May 16, 2018.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
Privacy was last modified:
December 21st, 2019 by Frank.Privacy was last modified:
December 21st, 2019 by Frank.
Type and Press “enter” to Search
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok