http://www.stites.com/privacy-policy
STITES & HARBISON, PLLCWEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICELast Modified: January 8, 2019This Privacy Policy applies to Stites & Harbison, PLLC’s website at www.stites.com (“Site”) and describes how we collect and use personal information we receive through the Site. Please review this Privacy Policy for information on our practices and the choices you have with respect to your personal information submitted or collected through the Site.References to “the firm,” “we,” “our,” and “us” refer to Stites & Harbison, PLLC. References to our “offices” include any office we maintain. A list of our office locations is accessible from our Site’s home page.By accessing, using, or viewing any part of this Site, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and any changes we may make from time to time, including regarding our collection and sharing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy you can reach us using the contact information below.Information We Collect and How We Collect and Use ItPersonal Information You ProvideYou may choose to provide your personal information to us through the Site. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information means your name, mailing address, telephone number(s), and email address. Other information submitted through the Site is not personal information for purposes of this Privacy Policy unless we combine it with your personal information. You may choose to provide other information about your company or organization, role and title, and contact details for your company. The ways you may submit information are listed below. We describe below how we may use the personal information you submit for our legitimate business purposes. Requests or correspondence you submit to us: You may submit personal information through the Site using an email or other form submission. We may ask for your contact information so we can respond to your request or inquiry. We may use your personal information to respond to you and communicate with you about your request. We may also use your personal information to communicate with you about topics and events we think may be of interest to you.Event registrations: You provide personal information when you accept invitations and register for events we host or sponsor. We may use your personal information for event coordination and to communicate with you about the events and your requests. We may also use your personal information to communicate with you about other topics and events we believe may be of interest to you. Alerts, publications, blogs, educational offerings: You may provide personal information when you ask to receive news, alerts about legal updates, newsletters, publications, and information on educational seminars and webinars, and if you subscribe to a blog. We will use your personal information to send you the information you request and to communicate with you in connection with our blogs, alerts, publications, educational offerings, and other topics we believe may be of interest to you. Other Site Features: Our Site offers various features which may change from time to time. We may request personal information from you in connection with your use of such features to communicate with you and fulfill your requests.Non-Personal Information We Collect by Automated MeansWe collect information by automated means when you visit our Site using cookies and similar technology as described below. The information we collect in this way includes non-personal information such as how many visitors access our website, the pages visited, and the geographic regions from which users access our Site. We may also collect other non-personal information about your use of our website, such as the type of website from which you visited us, the type of device you use, the type of browser you use, the pages you visit, search terms you utilize to find our Site, terms you use to search our Site, and the date, time, and duration of your visit. Your internet protocol (IP) address may also be automatically collected when you visit the Site. IP addresses are assigned to computers by internet service providers and are automatically collected by many websites and applications.Our Site uses tools such as cookies, web beacons, and Google Analytics to collect information by automated means. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer to enable various website features and functionalities. For instance, cookies can keep track of what happens during your visit and recognize a computer. A web beacon is a tool to link web pages to web servers and may be used to transmit information to the web server. We use a web beacon or similar tool to collect information such as an IP address and date and time of visit to find and resolve defects that may prevent the Site from functioning properly. Google Analytics is a third-party web analytics service we use that may rely on cookies, web beacons, and similar technology to analyze use of and interaction with our Site. Information on Google Analytics’ data practices and an overview of privacy and data safeguards is available here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 and https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.We use the information we collect through automated means for the following purposes: to generate reports on Site usage, Site traffic, and users’ geographic regions; to collect information about user experience, visitor preferences, and to assist in improving our website and services offered; for site administration; and, to understand how visitors use our Site and how to tailor and improve our Site for our visitors.Information we collect through automated means is considered non-personal information for purposes of this Privacy Policy unless we combine it with your personal information.Other Uses of InformationWe may use your personal information for our legitimate business purposes, including the purposes listed below. We may use non-personal information without restriction.To provide administrative information and legal notices, such as information regarding changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. To aggregate and/or anonymize personal information so it will no longer identify you. We may do this to generate other non-personal information, which we may use and disclose without restriction.For internal audits, and for enhancing, improving, or modifying our services and Site. To meet our legal and regulatory obligations and for our proper management and administration.To protect against fraud, and to protect, exercise, and defend our legal rights and responsibilities.For data analysis, for example to improve the efficiency of our services, understand the effectiveness of our promotional communications, to identify usage trends, and understand which of our services are of most interest to clients, contacts, and visitors to our Site.To present our Site and its contents to users and to comply with or enforce our policies and terms.To administer our Site and resolve technical issues.To provide you with requested information and/or services and for any other purpose you authorize.Information We ShareWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise disclose personal information we collect through the Site to third parties for their marketing purposes.We may provide your personal information to third parties to fulfill the purpose for which you provided us your personal information. We may also share your information with our third-party service providers to facilitate the services they provide to us. Our service providers may use your personal information to provide services to us or to comply with legal requirements. These may include services such as: website hosting; services-related consulting and monitoring; data analysis; information technology and related-infrastructure and support provision; billing and collection support; e-mail marketing automation; email security and archiving; auditing; and, other services as necessary to provide for our firm’s proper management and administration, and, to carry out, protect, or defend our legal rights and responsibilities.We may disclose or transfer your personal information to a third-party in connection with a sale or transfer of all or any portion of our business, such as to an involved entity or advisor, and in the event of a business transaction, including a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, or other disposition of any portion of our business or assets.We may also disclose your personal information if necessary to conform to the requirements of law or legal process, in response to a request from law enforcement or other government officials, or if we believe such disclosure is necessary in an emergency involving physical safety or the safety of website users.How We Protect Personal InformationWe utilize administrative, physical, and technical safeguard measures we consider to be reasonable and appropriate to protect against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of personal information we collect through our Site. We cannot warrant or guarantee the security of your personal information as no storage system or data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. You are responsible for the security of your transmissions to us. If you have concerns about the security of your interaction with our Site, you may contact us using the contact information below.Your Choices and RightsYou may ask us to update your contact information or remove you from our marketing list. Subject to applicable law, you may also have a right to access your personal information or to ask us to correct, delete, or restrict our use of personal information you provided to us.Please email your request to kschmittel@stites.com or contact us by mail at the address below. Please specify the nature of your request, such as what personal information you want to have changed, whether you want personal information removed from our database, or other limitations you are requesting on your personal information.We will respond to requests to access, change, delete, and restrict personal information collected through the Site as required by applicable law and subject to other legal requirements we have with respect to the information. We may require proof of identity from you to ensure your request relates to personal information that pertains to you.You may also opt out of receiving future marketing-related communications at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions in a message we send to you or by sending an email to kschmittel@stites.com.You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable cookies, please note that some parts of this Site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.Our Site does not respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.Links to Other SitesOur Site may include links to other third-party websites. These links are generally provided for convenience or information and are not operated by us or under our control. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by such linked sites. We do not control the privacy practices of any linked sites and are not responsible for their content or the services they offer or provide. If you visit the linked sites or have questions or concerns about their privacy practices, we suggest you review any privacy notice or terms of use they may provide.Data Transfer to United StatesOur offices are located in the United States. If you live outside of the United States and provide your personal information to us, you understand that your personal information may be transferred outside of your country of residence, including to the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities may be entitled to access your personal information.Sensitive InformationPlease do not submit information you consider to be of a sensitive nature through this website. Sensitive information may include such things as Social Security Numbers, financial account information, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health information, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, or trade union membership. If you believe it is necessary to provide this type of information to us in connection with a request or services we provide you, please contact the attorney or other contact within the firm working on the matter directly to discuss submission.Children’s Online Privacy ProtectionThis website is not intended for children under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect information on children under the age of 16 through this website. Please do not submit information for users under the age of 16.Revisions to this Privacy PolicyWe may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised policy on our Site. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this Site. We indicate the effective date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We suggest you check back periodically for updates and contact us if you have questions.How To Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us. You can reach us at:Stites & Harbison, PLLCPrivacy Notice RequestsAttn: General Counsel400 West Market Street, Suite 1800Louisville, KY 40202(502) 587-3400 or by clicking here