http://www.windelsmarx.com/privacy_policy
Newsroom
Events
Publications
Careers
Contact
Home (current)
Our Team
Our Firm
Practices
Industries
Offices
Home (current)
Our Team
Our Firm
Practices
Banking
Bankruptcy & Creditors' Rights
Corporate & Securities
COVID-19 Response & Resources
Employment & Employee Benefits
Environmental Law
Financial Transactions
Governmental Relations
Health Law
Hospitality
Infrastructure Development & Finance
Insurance
IP Hatch-Waxman Act
IP Licensing Litigation
IP, Technology & e-Commerce
Litigation & Alternative Dispute Resolution
Private Client Services, Estates & Trusts
Public Finance & Not-for-Profit
Real Estate
Renewable Energy & Sustainability
Tax
Tax Lien & Mortgage Foreclosure
Transportation
Workouts & Restructurings
Industries
Offices
Newsroom
Events
Publications
Careers
Contact
Legal and Privacy Notices
Legal and Privacy Notices
Legal Notice
This website provides general information about Windels Marx Lane & Mittendorf, LLP ("Windels Marx" or "the Firm") and is not intended to be a solicitation or to provide legal advice. These materials may not reflect the most current legal developments, verdicts or settlements, and should in no way suggest or be taken as an indication of future results.
Visitors to this site should not act, or refrain from acting, based on any information available on this site. Visitors to this site should not consider the information available herein to be an invitation for an attorney-client relationship, should not rely on information herein as legal advice for any purpose, and should always seek the legal advice of competent licensed legal counsel.
In the event that visitors of this website communicate with Windels Marx via email, please be advised that such communication may not be secure and that the Firm discourages its use for confidential or sensitive information. Communication with us regarding matters as to which we have not been formally retained as counsel may not be privileged or treated by us as confidential and such communication will not create an attorney-client relationship.
This website may provide links to other sites for a visitor's convenience only. Windels Marx does not endorse or sponsor, and is not affiliated with, these enterprises and is not responsible for any third-party content accessed through this site.
New York Professional Responsibility Disclosure
This website contains attorney advertising; prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.
Privacy Notice
Windels Marx respects your privacy and the personal data that may become available to us during your use of this website and its digital features.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.windelsmarx.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify visitors of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from visitors through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to visitors regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of visitor information.
How visitors can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing -- Windels Marx is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. The Firm only has access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you; we will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Windels Marx will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. The Firm will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, Windels Marx may contact you via email in the future to tell you about services or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information -- Visitors may opt out of any future contacts from Windels Marx at your discretion, and can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change or correct any data we have about you.
Request the deletion of any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security -- We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Content copyright ©2020 Windels Marx Lane & Mittendorf, LLP, all rights reserved.