http://www.prometheusbooks.com/privacy
THE ROWMAN & LITTLEFIELD PUBLISHING GROUP PRIVACY POLICY (Including Globe Pequot and its imprints)IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITEThe Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group, including Globe Pequot and its imprints takes seriously the issue of safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy and how it pertains to you as you make full use of our many offerings. Information collectedThe Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group, including Globe Pequot and its imprints collects personally identifiable information when you order any of our books, catalogs, or journals, and when you request that we notify you about up and coming conferences, new book releases, etc. When you purchase from The Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group, we ask for your name, title, institution or company name, address, shipping address, daytime telephone number and your email address, along with any applicable payment information. Our website uses cookies and other common technologies to keep track of your interactions with the website shopping cart. This information is retained until you close your browser or you/your browser deletes them). Your location data including IP address is gathered for marketing research purposes. How we may use the information collectedThe Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group, including Globe Pequot and its imprints uses the information you provide to fulfill your request, to contact you about your order if necessary, and to inform you of special events and new products or promotions, depending on the nature of your request.
We may also use the information provided to share with third party companies who provide services you request on our behalf and any otherwise reasonable and appropriate business related need to fulfill our product. Who do we share collected informationThe Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group will not sell, rent or lease any personally identifiable information to anyone or any other business. The Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:We have your consent to share the information.We need to share the information to provide the product or service you have requested.We are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal processes.Retention of personal informationWe may retain your personal information for a period of time, the length of which will depend on the purpose for which we originally collected the information, the instructions of a controller when we act as a processor, and/or our requirements to comply with applicable laws. Children's PrivacyYou must be 18 years of age or older to create an account on this website.
We do not knowingly solicit orders or collect personal information from children under the age of 18.
If You have reason to believe that any personal information has been submitted to Us by a child under thirteen, contact Us and upon verification of each claim, we will delete that personal information as soon as possible. SecurityWe take information security seriously and have taken various measures to keep your personal information secure from unauthorized access or disclosure, whether stored physically or electronically. We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts personal information You provide Us. We have established administrative, technical, physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help prevent unauthorized access, and use the personal information collected from You in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Contact UsIf you prefer to speak with a representative you may call our Customer Service department toll free at (800) 462-6420 from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. EST. Questions regarding this statement or requests to have your personal information reviewed, corrected, updated or deleted from our system should be directed to the The Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group Customer Service Center by calling the number provided above or emailing customercare@rowman.com.