http://www.dallasfoundation.org/privacy-policy.aspx
Warning! Your browser is extremely outdated and not web standards compliant.Your browsing experience would greatly improve by upgrading to a modern browser.
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
THE DALLAS FOUNDATION PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR PRIVACY IS OUR PRIORITY
The Dallas Foundation is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and security of personal information entrusted to us by current donors, potential donors, the officers and staff of nonprofit agencies who approach us for funding, and the people that they serve. The Dallas Foundation has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to the privacy of its donors and website users. The following paragraphs describe The Dallas Foundation's information gathering and dissemination practices. The privacy statement may change at any time; any changes will be posted on the Foundation's website. Should you have additional questions, comments or concerns please contact:
3963 Maple Avenue, Ste. 390, Dallas, TX 75219
info@dallasfoundation.org
214-741-9898
This "Site" (as defined herein) is operated by or on behalf of The Dallas Foundation or one of its affiliates (collectively referred to herein, solely for ease of reference, as "The Dallas Foundation," "us" or "we"). This privacy statement ("Privacy Policy") applies to your use of our website located at dallasfoundation.org, electronic communications between The Dallas Foundation and you, and any other online and mobile websites, blogs, and interactive applications operated by The Dallas Foundation that are related to dallasfoundation.org (collectively, the "Site").
Your use of the Site indicates an acceptance of the terms of the Privacy Policy. The Dallas Foundation may amend this privacy policy from time to time. These changes will be publicly posted in this area of the Site. If you provide information to us or access or use the Site in any way after this Privacy Policy has been changed, you will be deemed to have acknowledged such changes. The most current version of this Privacy Policy will be available on the Site and will supersede all previous versions of this Privacy Policy.
Your use of the Site indicates that you have read and acknowledge the handling of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, personally identifiable information ("PII") is personal information about an individual, such as a first and last name, age, phone number, mailing address, email address, or other individually identifiable information under applicable law. You hereby agree that all information you provide, including but not limited to age, shall be truthful and correct.
The following topics describe how The Dallas Foundation uses information collected on the Site.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The Dallas Foundation strives to provide our visitors with information relevant to their particular interests and goals. The information we gather helps us to better serve our purpose. We may ask you to provide us with demographic information, information regarding your interests or other PII.
Although parts of our Site do not require you to be a subscriber and you can use them without submitting any PII, some areas do require you to register and provide information that enables us to identify who you are. The Dallas Foundation generally collects PII with your specific knowledge and consent. Providing us with PII about yourself is voluntary, and you can always choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in some of the Site's features. The Dallas Foundation also actively and passively gathers, analyzes, and/or stores PII and other information through various other sources and methods, including without limitation, online and mobile tracking gathered when you visit the Site through mechanisms that identify site usage, browser types, IP addresses, location information, and other usage information as set forth below.
Site/Membership Registration Forms
The Dallas Foundation's website registration forms may require users to give us contact information (such as name and e-mail address), method of payment, and demographic information. Unless you opt out, The Dallas Foundation may use visitor contact information from the registration forms to send the user information about The Dallas Foundation (direct marketing). The contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Information regarding method of payment is collected and used solely to process any donations.
Information that you provide to us by filling out online forms, including payment information, is located on a secure server. We have put into effect procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and we take steps to keep that data confidential.
Usage Information
When your computer or mobile device contacts our web servers (for example, when you visit this Site, or view an HTML e-mail), our web servers automatically collect usage information. Such usage information includes information about how our visitors use and navigate our Site. It can include the number and frequency of visitors to each page and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Site, and IP addresses. We also may determine the applicable technology available in order to serve you the most appropriate version of the Site, a web page, e-mail, advertising or promotional announcement or similar service. This information is used to analyze and improve this Site and to provide you with a more fulfilling and relevant experience.
USE OF IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
Like many organizations with a Web presence, The Dallas Foundation receives standard tracking data from site users. Information from your browser, including your IP address and the page you visited, is recorded in our Web site server logs. This data is analyzed internally to determine how to best provide information to visitors to our Site. The Dallas Foundation uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website, including ensuring that the website displays the most relevant content to you. We may associate your IP address with the PII you provide.
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Dallas Foundation uses cookies to maintain user session identity, and, in some non-member areas, to store your username and password locally for ease of access.
The Dallas Foundation may also collect certain demographic information about visitors to the Site through the use of cookies. The Dallas Foundation uses this data only to improve the Site and for internal business purposes.
E-COMMERCE FOR CONFERENCE REGISTRATION/PUBLICATIONS
SALES/FOUNDATION NEWS & COMMENTARY SUBSCRIPTIONS
The Site uses an order form for customers to request information, products and services. The Dallas Foundation collects a visitor's contact information (such as e-mail address) and method of payment when using the form. Contact information from the order form is used to process any donations and to send information about The Dallas Foundation. Any payment information provided is used to check the user's qualifications and bill the user for any donations. Payment information is collected and stored through our third-party payment processor. For more information, please see the "Sharing Information" section below.
SURVEYS
On-line surveys available on the Site and surveys distributed for completion at events may ask respondents for contact information (such as e-mail address) and demographic information (such as zip code and age). The Dallas Foundation may use contact data from its surveys to send information about The Dallas Foundation and as authorized in this Privacy Policy.
PUBLIC FORUMS
The Site may make chat rooms, forums, e-mail lists and message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Although The Dallas Foundation tries to protect your personal information when you are using these public forums, The Dallas Foundation cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to The Dallas Foundation in the course of using any one or more of these areas, and you do so at your own risk.
SHARING INFORMATION
The Dallas Foundation does not sell or rent donor names or information, however acquired, to any third party. The Dallas Foundation does not share, sell or rent e-mail addresses to anyone outside the organization unless you or your representative explicitly ask us to do so. Only with your consent, we may provide information to select outside companies when we believe their products or services may be of interest to you. If you opt in to receive communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy and not this Privacy Policy. Therefore, if you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly. In addition, we may share your PII with third parties under the following circumstances:
Third parties providing services on our behalf: We may engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include: (a) content providers and technology plug-ins (including third party video and other media players); (b) product customization, (c) marketing and promotional material distribution, (d) website evaluation, (e) data collection, storage, management, analysis and, where applicable, cleansing, and (f) any other services designed to assist us in achieving our mission. These third parties may have access to this Site's user information, including PII, to the extent it is needed to perform their duties and functions.
Payment Services: We may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to make payments ("Payment Service"). If you wish to make a payment using a Payment Service, you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage. Any information that you provide to the Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service's privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service's use of information collected through any Payment Service.
Site Security: We may release information about our users, including PII, when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Site and applicable laws. We may also disclose such user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of The Dallas Foundation, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others.
Aggregate Information: We may disclose non-identifying, aggregated user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes, including describing our services to prospective partners and other third parties. Examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited this Site during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this Site.
Organizational Change: In addition, we reserve the right to disclose, share and/or otherwise transfer user information, including without limitation PII, in connection with a fundamental corporate change affecting The Dallas Foundation. You may be notified via e-mail or prominent notice on our Site prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information, if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy. For clarification and the removal of doubt, The Dallas Foundation specifically reserves the right to transfer or share a copy of PII collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy from this Site, off-line or otherwise, to the other parties involved in any such fundamental corporate change.
OPT-OUT
The Dallas Foundation recognizes how important your privacy is to you. We use contact data to send information about The Dallas Foundation in the form of physical and electronic mailings. If you choose not to receive future mailings, you may opt-out at any time by contacting The Dallas Foundation at info@dallasfoundation.org, by calling 214-741-9898, or by clicking on the "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. Because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. Please be aware that we will process your request as quickly as we reasonably can, but it may not be possible to update our systems immediately. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
Site users may request access to, review or modify their personal information maintained by The Dallas Foundation by contacting us at info@dallasfoundation.org.
EXTERNAL LINKS
The Dallas Foundation provides information on many topics through the Site, which contains links to other external websites that do not fall under The Dallas Foundation domain. We also provide links to the Web sites for various nonprofits and nonprofit resources. Some of this information is created by The Dallas Foundation, and some of it is created by third parties. While our site strives to provide accurate expert advice, commentary, and other information, The Dallas Foundation does not make any warranty regarding the accuracy, reliability, or use of any information provided on this site. A link to a Web site from The Dallas Foundation is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners or providers. When leaving our site, we recommend you check the privacy policy of the site you are visiting before providing personal information. The Dallas Foundation is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such external websites. If you choose to follow such links to external websites, you do so at your own risk.
SECURITY; MINORS
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under The Dallas Foundation's control. However, no website, internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure and The Dallas Foundation cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. Your use of the Site is at your own risk.
We do not collect or maintain information from those we know are younger than age 13, and no part of our Web site is designed to attract anyone under 13. If we become aware that information on an individual under 13 has been collected through the Site we will promptly take steps to delete such information.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California law, a California resident with whom The Dallas Foundation has an established relationship has the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information The Dallas Foundation has shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes (if any), and the identities of those third parties, within the immediately preceding calendar year, subject to certain exceptions. In response to a written request, The Dallas Foundation is allowed to provide a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing.
Since The Dallas Foundation does not provide your PII to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, it is not necessary for us to establish this procedure; however, if you do not want The Dallas Foundation to use your PII to provide information about our programs, please follow the cost-free opt-out procedures in this policy.
YOUR NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Nevada residents may opt out of the sale of their covered information, as those terms are defined in Nevada law, by submitting such request to our designated email address: info@dallasfoundation.org; however, please note that we do not sell your covered information as defined by Nevada law.
CONSENT TO PROCESSING
By using our Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent and agree to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of your information to and in the United States.
CHOICE OF LAW
This Privacy Policy, including all revisions and amendments thereto, is governed by the internal laws of the United States, and of the State of Texas without regard to its conflict or choice of law principles which would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
Last Update: September 15, 2020
I'm a current donor.
I'd like to give to a fund.
I'm interested in opening a fund.
I'm a professional advisor.
I'd like to apply for a grant.
I'm looking for a scholarship.