http://www.bhamjcc.org/privacy-policy/
ALERTHoliday HoursThursday, November 26: Closed
Friday, November 27: 7 AM - 4:30 PM
Thursday, December 24: 7 AM - 1 PM
Friday, December 25: 8 AM - 12 PM
Thursday, December 31: 5:30 AM - 6 PM
Friday, January 1: 6:30 AM - 1 PM
My Account
Group Fitness Schedule
Search for:
(205) 879-0411
My Account
Join the J
Donate
About Us
COVID-19 Update
COVID-19 Operational Modifications
Who We Are
Membership
Leadership
Bo’s Kosher Cafe
Employment
Volunteerism
Facility Rentals
Wellness
Fitness Facilities
Group Fitness
Virtual Studio
Older Adults
Personal Training
Massage
Physical Therapy
Sports
Adult Sports
Youth Sports
Aquatics
Swim Lessons
Swim Team
Lifeguard Training
Cohn ECLC
Meet our Staff
Curriculum
Full-Day & Half-Day Programs
Youth & Camp
Teen Programming
Summer Camps
Camp J
Cohn ECLC Summer Camp
Camp Resources
Camp Staff/CIT
Arts & Culture
Theatre LJCC
Music Lessons
Roz Feigelson Circle of Life Knitting Group
Events
Who we areOur website address is: https://bhamjcc.org.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsCookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWho we share your data withHow long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Your contact informationAdditional informationHow we protect your dataWhat data breach procedures we have in placeWhat third parties we receive data fromWhat automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user dataIndustry regulatory disclosure requirements
Senór Sidebar
CONTACT
Egg Man
205-776-5800
eggman@aol.com
ADDRESS
3960 Montclair Rd
Birmingham, AL 35213
Levite Jewish Community Center
3960 Montclair Rd
Birmingham, AL 35213
(205) 879-0411
Hours of Operation
Monday - Thursday   5:30 AM - 8:00 PM
Friday   5:30 AM - 4:30 PM
Saturday - Sunday   8:00 AM - 4:00 PM
LJCC Partners
The LJCC is funded in part by the Birmingham Jewish Federation, the Birmingham Jewish Foundation and the United Way of Central Alabama.
General Gift
Building Assessment
Privacy Policy
© 2020 - Levite, JCC. (Levite Jewish Community Center). All Rights Reserved.
Web Development By Infomedia